The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. You must create an account to use this service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes. You waive your right to a class action.. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Your use is throttled. You must provide your identifiable information. They may stop providing the service at any time. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Changes in policies are applied retroactively.. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses that may incur by downloading materials. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. This service is only available to users over a certain age. You have the right to leave this service at any time. Your account can be suspended for several reasons. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. This service is a subsidiary of Fox Corporation. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. The court of law governing the terms is in Delaware, U.S.. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service. You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites