Parents Teachers Photomath Plus Math Explained Arithmetic Algebra Calculus EN en it pt Privacy Policy  As part of our ongoing efforts to improve our Service, we have updated our Privacy Policy, which now better reflects our privacy standards, as well as offers greater transparency about the data we collect and the way we use it. We encourage you to fully review the updated Privacy Policy, but here are some of the most important changes: Photomath Privacy Policy Effective: October 31, 2023 Welcome to Photomath’s Privacy Policy. We appreciate you entrusting your information to us, and we want to show you how seriously we take your trust. With this Privacy Policy we want to help you make the best decisions about how and what information you share with us. Our Privacy Policy is designed to provide transparency in our privacy practices and give you the opportunity to understand what information we collect, why we collect it, how we use your Personal information and what are your rights regarding any of your shared information. All capitalized terms shall have the meaning assigned to them in the “Definitions” section at the end of this Privacy Policy. Photomath is a service that reads and solves mathematical problems by using the camera of your mobile device in real time. We are committed to provide you with the best user experience while protecting and respecting your privacy at all times. Photomath is provided by Photomath LLC. and our affiliates and partners. We will refer to “Photomath” also as “we,” “us”, or “our” where applicable. For the purpose of the GDPR and other relevant laws, the data controller is Photomath LLC, a company registered at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043 USA. Please keep in mind that by using our Services, you agree to and accept the privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy. We wish to remind you that this Privacy Policy only applies to personal data that we process when you use the Service. It does not apply to any third parties’ websites and/or services, such as third-party applications, that you may encounter when you use the Service. These third parties have their own privacy policies and any information you provide them will be regulated by their respective privacy rules. We encourage you to carefully familiarize yourself with the privacy policies applicable to any websites and/or services operated by third parties. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third parties. However, when we do have the ability to choose such third parties, we always try to match with ones that not only share the same privacy principles, but also share the same positive values as we do. Should you require any additional information or wish to address any concerns, you will find the contact information under “Your Rights” section. In order to guarantee the best user experience while you use the Service, we may collect the following types of personal data from you: (i) Data You Provide to Us Directly We collect information you provide directly to us. In particular, we may collect the following information from our users that may, in certain circumstances, constitute personal data: If you contact us or our customer care team, we will collect the data you provide. A record of this correspondence may also be kept to ensure a high quality customer service. (ii) Data Collected Automatically The Service may automatically collect the following information from you that in certain circumstances may constitute personal data: The main purpose for using your information is to improve our Services as well as your experience while using our Services. a) We use the personal data you provide to us directly for the following purposes: In particular, please note that we use the images and feedback you send by using the Service to improve the Service, including its math problem solving capabilities, and to improve our other products and services, such as machine vision technologies from Photomath affiliates and partners. b) We use the data collected automatically for the following purposes: Whatever the reason for collecting your Personal Information, and whatever that Information might be, rest assured that we will always be transparent and will rely on the following principles: We do not sell, lease, rent or otherwise disclose the personal data relating to our users to third parties unless otherwise stated herein. We may allow other companies to provide analytics regarding your use of our Services. This can help us analyze and better understand how our users use our Services, determine if changes and updates to Services work as intended and are well received, or help us in targeting advertisements relevant to you. These entities may use cookies, other technologies to collect such information, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on Services, links clicked, and conversion information (but NOT including your name, email address, mailing address, or telephone number). We as a data controller, or our affiliated companies, may use your Personal information only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and only when such use is allowed under applicable law. The personal data collected in the Service may be disclosed in the following manner: a) Personal data you provide directly: We may disclose personal data you provide to the Service with the following categories of third parties: Please note that in circumstances where you expressly direct us to share your personal information to a third party, the shared information is then controlled by that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. b) Data collected automatically: The data collected automatically in the Service may be disclosed to the following categories of third parties: Please note that we will never share the images you have taken to any service provider, advertising agency or any other business partner or third party. Moreover, we may disclose information to third parties in an aggregate or derivative format that does not constitute personal data and does not allow the identification of individual users. This is information gathered and expressed in a summary form for purposes such as statistical analysis, and so is not personal data for the purposes of data protection law, such as GDPR. For more, please see the Definitions section below. We may decide to expand our Services from time to time with additional third-party content to provide you with added features and better user experience. The use of such third-party content will never be a prerequisite for using the Services. Should you choose to use such third-party content, you may have to provide some Personal Information to such third party. An example of such added features are micro-tutoring services offered to you within the Application. It would be impossible to provide you such services without sharing your user-generated images with the provider of micro tutoring services. Whenever we offer any added features in our Application, we will make sure that that third-party content provider adheres to our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy, and the principles contained therein, and we will take special care that your Personal Information is deleted as soon as possible after you finish using such added features. You are in control of your personal information. We therefore want to give you a clear overview of your rights with respect to the personal data we hold about you, wherever you may be from: For your protection and the protection of all our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can comply with some of your requests. No user shall ever be discriminated against for exercising any of its privacy rights. However, please note that some information is sometimes necessary to provide the Services, or offer promotions, discounts, or other deals. You can always request information about how your request may affect your participation in such cases. For instance, we cannot provide customer support without you providing us with your contact information. Whatever the reason for processing your personal information may be, rest assured that we will always be transparent and will rely on the following principles: Cookies are small text files stored within a web browser which can be retrieved when you return to the website again. Cookies do lots of different jobs, and as most other service providers, we also use cookies and similar tracking technologies which help us remember your preferences, keep you signed in, letting you navigate between pages efficiently and to generally improve your user experience. Some cookies are necessary for the functioning of our Services or they help us improve our performance by providing analytical data and some are used for marketing purposes. Our Privacy Policy uses the term “cookies” for all such technologies. Main types of cookies: Cookies generally do not hold any information to identify an individual person but are instead used to identify a browser or an individual device. a) How do we use cookies? The table below explains the cookies we use on the Website and why. Note that only Essential cookies will be turned on as these cookies are strictly necessary. If such cookies are disabled, this can affect how the Website functions. You can disable Essential cookies in your browser. Essential Cookies necessary to allow navigation on our website, provide the services you will request and prevent security threats. Our own cookies: sign-in related cookie (3 minutes).Third party cookie: cookie used to prevent security threats: Cloudflare (1 month). Functional These cookies allow our Website to remember choices you make (such as that you accepted the Cookies on the Cookie Notification Bar and your sign-in data), thus providing enhanced, more personal features. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. For example, these cookies are used to determine if the Cookie Notification Bar should be displayed or not. If you have already made your choice regarding the use of cookies, then we will not show you the Bar again.These are our own cookies (30 days). Analytics Marketing These cookies are used to deliver adverts on our or third party websites more relevant to you and your interests, as well as to measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. We may utilize cookies and technologies from our marketing partners (Google), and/or social media platforms (Facebook). These technologies help us measure the efficacy of our marketing campaigns and to understand how visitors navigate to the Websites from our ads on other websites. They help us and our marketing partners (Google LLC and/or Facebook Inc.) determine how many times people who click on our ads end up using our services or performing a particular action, which information will be transmitted to our aforementioned marketing partners. These technologies are used to compile statistics about visitors who interact with the Websites and our other online content, to estimate the effectiveness of our ads, and to provide more pertinent information to our visitors. This also includes using previously collected information about your interests to select ads and whether you took any action related to the advertisement, including for example clicking an ad. For this purposes we use: (i)Retargeting (ii) Facebook-Pixel You are required to review the corresponding privacy policy of listed third parties, whose cookies and similar technologies may include advertising identifiers and device identifiers. These cookies are placed by third parties: Facebook (2 months) and Google Ads (3 months). Personalization They are used for customizing content, including ads. b) How to manage cookies on your web browser You can restrict, block, or delete cookies by changing your browser settings but that may mean that the website won’t work properly. Find out how to manage cookies on popular browsers: To find information relating to other browsers, visit the browser developer’s website. Please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Website and any communications you receive from us may be less relevant to you than they could have been. Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser. c) How can I restrict, block, or delete cookies? Strictly necessary cookies are always on when you visit us. On your first visit to us, we’ll tell you about our other types of cookies and ask you to choose which cookies we can use. You can always change your mind In the settings of your web browser, you can access and change all cookie settings. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, so if you want to change, delete, or block them, you must do so manually. For mobile devices, consult your phone’s manual for instructions on how to clear cookies. We take reasonable measures to protect your Personal information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, by retaining it in a firewalled and secured database with strictly limited and controlled access rights, using encryption. Despite these efforts to store personal data collected in and through the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the security of personal data during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of personal data, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-parties such as so-called hackers from illegally obtaining access to personal data. We do not warrant or represent that personal data about you will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties. If you are a California resident, then the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) applies to you and regulates how we should act in respect to the collection, possession, and sale of your Personal information. You will see that we have already implemented such practices in the “Your Rights” section, but we will still give you a short overview of the most important rights under the CCPA a) Your rights b) Do Not Sell My Personal Information The CCPA requires businesses to provide a web page where consumers can opt out of the ”sale” of their Personal Information. We do not sell your Personal information, nor do we put such information on the open market. However, we respect and understand that you may still want to ensure your personal information is not sold. If you want to give a statement on the sale of your Personal information, please follow the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on our main page. If you opt out through that link, you will no longer receive personalized ads. c) Do not track (DNT) “Do Not Track” DNT is a web browser preference or a setting that users can manually set on the browser and opt-out from online tracking of a user. We do not currently respond to user’s „Do Not Track“ browser signals or other browser or device based mechanisms as to date, no standard has been adopted. The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has been working hard to develop such a standard and create an international consensus. We keep track of that progress and will notify you of any changes. However, we do provide consumers with the ability to manage their cookie choices as described in our Cookie Policy. d) Metrics Subject to certain conditions, the CCPA requires some service providers to disclose certain metrics by July 1 of every calendar year about requests received from California residents in the previous calendar year, for instance, to disclose the number of requests to delete personal information. We do not currently meet these requirements, but we are constantly monitoring any changes to be ready for the day we qualify for such an obligation. As we operate globally, some elements of the Service may be hosted on servers located in countries outside your own country. The laws applicable to the protection of personal data in such countries may be different from those applicable in your home country. In particular, if you are located within the European Union, please note that personal data collected by us is transferred outside the European Union / European Economic Area. By using our Services, you consent to personal data about you being transferred outside your own country and, where applicable, outside the European Union / European Economic Area. Wherever we transfer your Personal information, or otherwise store or process such information, we will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your Personal information. These steps may include obtaining your consent or implementing contractual clauses defining rules and obligations in respect to such transfer or processing. To support and enhance the Services, we work with a variety of third party advertising networks, marketing analytics service providers and website analysis firms such as Facebook and Google (collectively, “Third Party Advertising Service Providers”). These Third Party Advertising Service Providers collect and use personal data about your visits to and use of the Website and mobile Application, as well as other websites in order to serve you with advertisements and content tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests or better understand ad effectiveness. Aggregate demographic and interest data will also be used for market research purposes. In addition, your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to make choices about the collection, use, or transfer of mobile app information for online behavioral advertising (for example, Apple iOS’ Advertising ID and Google Android’s Advertising ID). Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you. We keep track of your age when you use our Services. This is because we will never knowingly collect personal data from children under 13 years of age (or applicable age in your country). If you are under 16 years of age, we will either request your consent or consent of your authorized holder of parental responsibility before we process your Personal information in any way. We do not sell your information and we always ask for consent, so naturally, that applies especially to children under 16 years of age wherever they might be from. We only retain Personal data for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. General rules concerning data retention require that Personal data be either deleted after some time or that such data be anonymized or retained in other aggregated form by which you cannot be personally identified. Our Privacy Policy uses the term “delete” for all such practices. We only collect and therefore store anonymized data from your first use of Services. In the absence of any legal requirements regarding data retention we intend to keep it that way. For other cases, for example Tax law or Employment law, we shall comply with applicable law requirements. In any case, we will delete any Personal data if you so request or if you withdraw your consent to processing. We will also delete data which we find is no longer up to date or is no longer necessary for the original purpose of processing. From time to time we may change this Privacy Policy. You can tell when changes have been made to the Privacy Policy by referring to the “Last Updated” legend on top of this page. If we materially change the ways in which we use and disclose personal data, we will post a notice in the Service. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Service to stay informed about our privacy practices. Your continued use of the Service following any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of any such changes made. Data Controller. A company with the right to determine the purposes and means of the processing of personal information. Data Processor. A company which processes personal information on behalf of the controller, Personal Information (Personal data). Any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual/natural person. GDPR. Abbreviation For General Data Protection Regulation. CCPA. California Consumer Privacy Act Account. Account means a unique account created by you with which you access our Services. Application. Application is the software provided by us and downloaded by you on any electronic device. Aggregate information. Information about groups or categories of users, which does not identify and cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual user. It is not considered as Personal Information. Company. As referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement, Company refers to Photomath LLC, its affiliates and partners. Cookies. Cookies are small text files that are downloaded to your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you use the Service (visit a website or application). Service. Refers to the Application or the Website or both. Website. Refers to Photomath’s webpage accessible from https://photomath.comYou. “You” means the individual accessing or using the Service, and an individual to which this Privacy Policy applies. Download it here. © Photomath 2022