You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. This service offers a symbolic but nonbinding statement about a matter of opinion, ethics, society, or politics. This service is only available to users over a certain age. This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. You maintain ownership of your content. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. You waive your moral rights. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The court of law governing the terms is Santa Clara, California. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. They may stop providing the service at any time. Your use is throttled. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers