Features Terms of UseEffective June 12, 2023 Terms of Use Effective June 12, 2023 PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR USE OF AND ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES (DEFINED BELOW) ARE SUBJECT TO THE FOLLOWING TERMS; IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER. [email protected] Will these Terms ever change? We are constantly trying to improve our Services, so these Terms may need to change along with the Services. We reserve the right to change the Terms at any time, but if we do, we will bring it to your attention by placing a notice on the monarchmoney.com website, by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. If you don't agree with the new Terms, you are free to reject them; unfortunately, that means you will no longer be able to use the Services. If you use the Services in any way after a change to the Terms is effective, that means you agree to all of the changes. Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you and us. What about my privacy? What are the basics of using MM? You may be required to sign up for an account, and select a password and user name ("MM User ID"). You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information about yourself. You may not select as your MM User ID a name that you don't have the right to use, or another person's name with the intent to impersonate that person. You may not transfer your account to anyone else without our prior written permission. You represent and warrant that you are an individual of legal age to form a binding contract (or if not, you've received your parent's or guardian's permission to use the Services and gotten your parent or guardian to agree to these Terms on your behalf). You will only use the Services for your own internal, personal, non-commercial use, and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you. If your use of the Services is prohibited by applicable laws, then you aren't authorized to use the Services. We can't and won't be responsible for your using the Services in a way that breaks the law. You will not share your account or password with anyone, and you must protect the security of your account and your password. You're responsible for any activity associated with your account. Your use of the Services is subject to the following additional restrictions: You represent, warrant, and agree that you will not contribute any Content or User Submission (each of those terms is defined below) or otherwise use the Services or interact with the Services in a manner that: A violation of any of the foregoing is grounds for termination of your right to use or access the Services. What are my rights in MM? The materials displayed or performed or available on or through the Services, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, articles, photos, images, illustrations, User Submissions, and so forth (all of the foregoing, the "Content") are protected by copyright and/or other intellectual property laws. You promise to abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content you access through the Services, and you won't use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purpose any Content not owned by you, (i) without the prior consent of the owner of that Content or (ii) in a way that violates someone else's (including MM's) rights. You understand that MM owns the Services. You won't modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, or otherwise exploit any of the Services. The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content; please remember that just because this functionality exists, doesn't mean that all the restrictions above don't apply – they do! Do I have to grant any licenses to MM or to other users? For all User Submissions, you hereby grant MM a license to translate, modify (for technical purposes, for example making sure your content is viewable on an iPhone as well as a computer) and reproduce and otherwise act with respect to such User Submissions, in each case to enable us to operate the Services, as described in more detail below. This is a license only – your ownership in User Submissions is not affected. If you store a User Submission in your own personal MM account, in a manner that is not viewable by any other user except you (a "Personal User Submission"), you grant MM the license above, as well as a license to display, perform, and distribute your Personal User Submission for the sole purpose of making that Personal User Submission accessible to you and providing the Services necessary to do so. If you share a User Submission only in a manner that only certain specified users can view (for example, a private message to one or more other users) (a "Limited Audience User Submission"), then you grant MM the licenses above, as well as a license to display, perform, and distribute your Limited Audience User Submission for the sole purpose of making that Limited Audience User Submission accessible to such other specified users, and providing the Services necessary to do so. Also, you grant such other specified users a license to access that Limited Audience User Submission, and to use and exercise all rights in it, as permitted by the functionality of the Services. If you share a User Submission publicly on the Services and/or in a manner that more than just you or certain specified users can view, or if you provide us (in a direct email or otherwise) with any feedback, suggestions, improvements, enhancements, and/or feature requests relating to the Services (each of the foregoing, a "Public User Submission"), then you grant MM the licenses above, as well as a license to display, perform, and distribute your Public User Submission for the purpose of making that Public User Submission accessible to all MM users and providing the Services necessary to do so, as well as all other rights necessary to use and exercise all rights in that Public User Submission in connection with the Services and/or otherwise in connection with MM's business for any purpose, provided that MM will try to notify you if it uses your Public User Submission for any reason other than displaying it on the Services. Also, you grant all other users of the Services a license to access that Public User Submission, and to use and exercise all rights in it, as permitted by the functionality of the Services. You agree that the licenses you grant are royalty-free, perpetual, sublicenseable, irrevocable, and worldwide, provided that when you delete your MM account, we will stop displaying your User Submissions (other than Public User Submissions, which may remain fully available) to other users (if applicable), but you understand and agree that it may not be possible to completely delete that content from MM's records, and that your User Submissions may remain viewable elsewhere to the extent that they were copied or stored by other users. Finally, you understand and agree that MM, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our users (including you), may need to make changes to your User Submissions to conform and adapt those User Submissions to the technical requirements of connection networks, devices, services, or media, and the foregoing licenses include the rights to do so. What if I see something in the Services that infringes my copyright? Who is responsible for what I see and do on the Services? Any information or content publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated, and you access all such information and content at your own risk, and we aren't liable for any errors or omissions in that information or content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it. We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. We can't guarantee the identity of any users with whom you interact in using the Services and are not responsible for which users gain access to the Services. You are responsible for all Content you contribute, in any manner, to the Services, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it. You will keep all your registration information accurate and current. You are responsible for all your activity in connection with the Services. The Services may contain links or connections to third party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by MM. When you access third party websites or use third party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that MM is not responsible for such risks. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third party website or service that you visit or utilize. MM has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third party websites or by any third party that you interact with through the Services. In addition, MM will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any third party site or service. By using the Services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website or service. Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties. You agree that MM shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or between users and any third party, you agree that MM is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you release MM, its officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Services. If you are a California resident, you shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him or her must have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor. Will MM ever change the Services? We're always trying to improve the Services, so they may change over time. We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features or impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services. We'll try to give you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you, but this isn't always practical. Similarly, we reserve the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice. Additional Terms Regarding AI-Powered Services MM may from time to time offer Services that incorporate or are powered by artificial intelligence technology (for example, the Monarch AI Assistant). These Services are referred to as "AI Services"). Does MM cost anything? While you may use some of our Services for free by enrolling in the Free Plan, if you choose to enroll in our Premium (the "Paid Plan"), you will be charged a subscription fee. The subscription fee for these Services ("Subscription Fee") will be charged to you in advance, to the credit card you provided upon enrollment in the Paid Plan. Subscription Fees are non-refundable. Your enrollment in the Paid Plan will be automatically renewed every twelve (12) months. MM will notify you prior to the expiration of the twelve (12) month Paid Plan term; if you wish to cancel auto-renewal of the Paid Plan for the following year, you must notify MM within 3 days of your receipt of an auto-renewal notice from MM. MM may change the Subscription Fee upon notice to you, but such change will only take effect once your then-current Paid Plan term has ended. If you do not wish to pay the new Subscription Fee, your only remedy shall be to cancel your enrollment in the Paid Plan for the following year, prior to the expiration of your then-current Paid Plan term. You may cancel your Paid Plan subscription at any time, but again, no refunds will be granted for Subscription Fees paid. Though many of our Services are currently free, MM reserves the right to require payment of fees for certain or all Services. You shall pay all applicable fees, as described on the Website in connection with such Services selected by you. MM reserves the right to change its price list and to institute new charges at any time, upon notice to you, which may be sent by email or posted on the Website. Your use of the Services following such notification constitutes your acceptance of any new or increased charges. What if I want to stop using MM? MM is also free to terminate (or suspend access to) your use of the Services or your account, for any reason in our discretion, including your breach of these Terms. MM has the sole right to decide whether you are in violation of any of the restrictions set forth in these Terms. Account termination may result in destruction of any Content associated with your account, so keep that in mind before you decide to terminate your account. We will try to provide advance notice to you prior to our terminating your account so that you are able to retrieve any important User Submissions you may have stored in your account (to the extent allowed by law and these Terms), but we may not do so if we determine it would be impractical, illegal, not in the interest of someone's safety or security, or otherwise harmful to the rights or property of MM. Provisions that, by their nature, should survive termination of these Terms shall survive termination. By way of example, all of the following will survive termination: any obligation you have to pay us or indemnify us, any limitations on our liability, any terms regarding ownership or intellectual property rights, and terms regarding disputes between us. I use the MM App available via the Apple App Store – should I know anything about that? These Terms apply to your use of all the Services, including the iPhone, iPad Touch, and iPad applications available via the Apple, Inc. ("Apple") App Store (the "Application"), but the following additional terms also apply to the Application: What else do I need to know? Disclaimers. You access the Services and all Content at your own risk. Neither MM nor its licensors or suppliers makes any representations or warranties concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and we will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services. You are responsible for all Content you contribute to the Services, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to contribute it in the manner in which you contribute it. We (and our licensors and suppliers) make no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through the Services. Products and services purchased or offered (whether or not following such recommendations and suggestions) through the Services are provided "AS IS" and without any warranty of any kind from MM or others (unless, with respect to such others only, provided expressly and unambiguously in writing by a designated third party for a specific product). Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals, and MM is not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred in connection with your dealings therewith. The Services may contain links or connections to third party websites or services that are not controlled by MM. There are risks in accessing such sites and services, and MM is not responsible for such risks. No Content can or should be construed as professional advice of any kind (including financial planning, business, employment, investment, accounting, tax, and/or legal advice). The Content is provided for educational purposes only, and is not intended to be a substitute for the professional advice of a financial planner, financial advisor, accountant or otherwise. We are not liable for any errors or omissions in the Content (including any Content provided by MM) or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it. We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for your having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. MM has no duty or obligation to update any information contained in the Content. Without limiting any of the foregoing, some Content may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions; MM is not responsible for forward-looking statements, and there can be no assurance that actual results may not differ from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED BY MM (AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL MM (OR ITS LICENSORS OR SUPPLIERS) BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR (B) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) $100 OR (II) THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO MM IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THIS APPLICABLE CLAIM, OR (C) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Indemnity. You agree to indemnify and hold MM, its affiliates, officers, agents, employees, and partners harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys' fees) arising from or in any way related to any third party claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third party using your account), and (b) your violation of these Terms. In the event of such a claim, suit, or action ("Claim"), we will attempt to provide notice of the Claim to the contact information we have for your account (provided that failure to deliver such notice shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligations hereunder). Assignment. You may not assign, delegate or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Services account, in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without MM's prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent. Choice of Law; Arbitration. These Terms are governed by and will be construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of these Terms shall be finally settled in San Francisco County, California, in English, in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ("JAMS") then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with such Rules. Judgment upon the award rendered by such arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to arbitrate disputes, each party shall have the right to pursue injunctive or other equitable relief at any time, from any court of competent jurisdiction. For all purposes of these Terms, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, San Francisco County, California, or the Northern District of California. Any arbitration under these Terms will take place on an individual basis: class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND MM ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION. Miscellaneous. You will be responsible for paying, withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties, and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services, provided that MM may, in its sole discretion, do any of the foregoing on your behalf or for itself as it sees fit. The failure of either you or us to exercise, in any way, any right herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of these Terms is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the minimum extent necessary, so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. You and MM agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding between you and MM, and that it supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are not an employee, agent, partner, or joint venture of MM, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind MM in any respect whatsoever. Except as expressly set forth in the section above regarding the Apple Application, you and MM agree there are no third party beneficiaries intended under these Terms.