 Title Generator Suggested Shorts Thumbnail Analyzer download extension FREE Highlighted Features Channel Growth Channel Management All Features Resource Center Explore our guides, livestreams, and community pages, all in one place Explore our guides, livestreams, and community pages, all in one place YouTube Channel The Holy Grail for anyone trying to learn the secrets of YouTube The Holy Grail for anyone trying to learn the secrets of YouTube Creator Spotlight Check out some of the amazing up-and-coming YouTube creators Check out some of the amazing up-and-coming YouTube creators Podcast Learn from the experts on out weekly podcast: TubeBuddy Express Learn from the experts on out weekly podcast: TubeBuddy Express Discord Server Join our community where we host weekly live streams and highlight important TubeBuddy tools Join our community where we host weekly live streams and highlight important TubeBuddy tools Milestones Celebrate your channel growth with milestone achievements Celebrate your channel growth with milestone achievements Forums Celebrate your channel growth with milestone achievements FAQ Explore answers to the most commonly asked questions Explore answers to the most commonly asked questions Mobile App Download our TubeBuddy mobile app to access your data from your phone Download our TubeBuddy mobile app to access your data from your phone Affiliate Program Join our affiliate program and put a little extra cash in your pocket Join our affiliate program and put a little extra cash in your pocket Support Access world class support with your TubeBuddy account Access world class support with your TubeBuddy account Service Providers Check our various services recommended by TubeBuddy Check our various services recommended by TubeBuddy Media Kit Explore our brand colors and other essential TubeBuddy brand resources Explore our brand colors and other essential TubeBuddy brand resources Affilate Resources View our library of ad assets, talking points, and templates View our library of ad assets, talking points, and templates Merch Shop Shop our collection of TubeBuddy swag Shop our collection of TubeBuddy swag Press Releases Get the latest news and information Get the latest news and information download extension download extension Privacy and security are top priorities INTRODUCTION We collect data to provide the products and services you request, ease your navigation on the Site, communicate with you, and improve your experience using the Site. Some of this information is provided directly by you, such as when you sign up for an account on the Site or fill out a contact form. Some of the information is collected through your interactions with the Site. We collect such data using technologies like Cookies, action tags, and other tracking technologies, error reports, and usage data collected when you interact with our Site. Some of the information is collected from your use of, and interactions with, us and others on social media, including but not limited to Facebook®, Instagram®, Twitter®, LinkedIn®, and YouTube® (collectively “Social Media”).The data we collect depends on the products, services, and features of the Site that you use, and includes the following: When you visit the Site without creating an account, you can browse without submitting Personal Information about yourself. In general, we collect Personal Information that you submit to us in the process of creating or editing your account and user profile on the Site or that you submit to us voluntarily through your use of the Site. Information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household is “Personal Information.”In particular, the Site has collected the following categories of Personal Information from users in the last twelve (12) months. We obtain these categories of Personal Information with the methods described in more detail below. Personal Information does not include: Additionally, the following types of personal information are excluded from the CCPA’s scope: We may also collect Personal Information from third parties, such as Social Media, Payment Processors, product vendors, and other partners. Our collection of this information allows us to provide you with our products and services, establish, maintain and support your user account on the Site, and communicate with you in accordance with our Terms of Use. Similar to other websites, we use tracking technologies to automatically collect certain technical information from your web browser, mobile, or other device when you visit our Site. This data may include, without limitation, your IP address, browser type and language, referring/exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, landing pages, the pages you requested and viewed, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time of your visits. Our collection of this data, described in more detail below, allows us to provide more personalized services to you and to track usage of the Site.A. Cookies. We automatically derive and collect certain data based on your interactions with the Site using cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”). Our collection of data through Cookies includes information about your browser and Site usage patterns, which may include your IP address, browser type, browser language, referring/exit pages and URLs, pages viewed, links clicked, whether you opened an email, and information about the device you use to access the Site. Our collection of this information allows us to improve your user experience in various ways, such as to personalize our display of the Site to you, to “remember” whether or not you are signed in, and to provide better technical support to you.Please note: If you restrict, disable, or block any or all Cookies from your web browser or mobile or other device, the Site may not operate properly, and you may not have access to certain services or parts of the Site. We will not be liable for any interruption in, or inability to use, the Site or our services or degraded functioning thereof, where such are caused by your settings and choices regarding Cookies.B. Pixels (aka web beacons/web bugs/javascript). “Pixels” are tiny graphics (about the size of a period at the end of a sentence) with unique identifiers used to track certain online actions, movements and related information of Site users. Unlike Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixels are embedded invisibly on web pages or in HTML-based emails. We may use Pixels to automatically record certain technical information about your interactions when you visit the Site or otherwise engage with us, to help deliver Cookies on our Site, or count users who have visited the Site. We may also include web beacons in our promotional e-mail messages or newsletters to determine whether you open or act on them for statistical purposes. The data we receive through Pixels allows us to effectively promote the Site to various populations of users, and to optimize external advertisements about the Site that appear on third-party websites. We may obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from business partners, contractors, suppliers, and other third parties and add it to your account information or other information we have collected. We, and the third parties we engage, may combine information we collect from you over time, and across the Site, with information obtained from other sources. This helps us improve the information’s overall accuracy and completeness, and also helps us better tailor our interactions with you. We collect precise geolocation data from you or your device, as well as your address information, e.g., shipping and billing address, when you set up your account and order our products or services. We also collect and use information about your general location (e.g., your state of residence) and can infer your approximate location based on your IP address in order to track our general Site usage or to tailor any pertinent aspects of your user experience to the region where you are located. You may also provide us with a third party’s Personal Information in connection with scheduling an appointment or booking a demo, among other things. We collect and handle any such Personal Information about others consistent with this Privacy Policy. You represent and warrant that you have obtained any required consent, provided any required notice, and otherwise fully complied with all applicable laws, including any data protection laws, with regard to any information that you provide to us about others. If you interact with us or our other users regarding TubeBuddy and its products and services on any Social Media: (a) the Personal Information that you submit by and through such Social Media can be read, collected and/or used by us (depending on your Social Media privacy settings) as described in this Privacy Policy and (b) where TubeBuddy responds to any interaction with you on Social Media, your account name/handle may be viewable by any and all members or users of TubeBuddy’s Social Media accounts. We are not responsible for the Personal Information that you choose to submit or link on any Social Media. Social Media operates independently from TubeBuddy, and we are not responsible for Social Media interfaces or privacy or security practices. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings of any Social Media with which you interact to help you understand their privacy practices. If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of any Social Media that you use, please refer to the applicable privacy notices or policies. We also use Google Analytics and other third party analytics providers (“Analytics Providers”) to collect information about Site usage and the users of the Site. These Analytics Providers use Cookies in order to collect demographic and interest-level information and usage information from users that visit the Site, including information about the pages where users enter and exit the Site and what pages users view on the Site, time spent, browser, operating system, and IP address. Cookies allow Analytics Providers to recognize a user when a user visits the Site and when the user visits other websites. Analytics Providers use the information they collect from the Site and other websites to share with us and other website operators’ information about users including age range, gender, geographic regions, general interests, and details about devices used to visit the Site and other websites and purchase items. For more information regarding our Analytics Providers’ use of Cookies, collection and use of information, and how to opt-out of tracking, see: The Site contains links to third party websites and services, including links to Social Media. We are not responsible for any of the content or features or functionality of other linked websites or services. We are also not responsible for the privacy practices and the terms and conditions of use for any external websites or services. The linked websites and services may collect Personal Information from you that is not subject to our control. The data collection practices of linked third party websites and services will be governed by that third party’s privacy policy and terms of use. We may use or disclose the Personal Information identified above for one or more of the following business purposes (“Business Purpose”): When you create an account with us and provide us with your email we may, subject to applicable law, use your email address to send you Site-related notices (including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail), updates, news, and marketing messages. For example, when you register, you will receive a welcome email. If the Site or our services are temporarily unavailable, we may also send you an email notice.Email communications you receive from us will generally provide an unsubscribe link or instructions allowing you to opt out of receiving future emails or to change your contact preferences. If you have registered for an account with us, you can also change your contact preferences within your account settings. Please remember that even if you opt out of receiving marketing e-mails, we may still send you important service information related to your account and the Site. If you correspond with us by email, we may retain the content of your email messages, your email address, and our responses. We may use non-personally identifiable information, such as anonymized and/or aggregated Site usage data, in any manner that does not identify individual users for the purpose of improving the operation and management of the Site, including to develop new features, functionality, and services, to conduct internal research, to better understand Site usage patterns, to resolve disputes, to troubleshoot problems, to fulfill user requests, or for security and compliance purposes. Any non-personally identifiable information that is combined with Personal Information will be treated by us as Personal Information. If you purchase or pay for products or services via the Site, the transaction may be handled by our service providers or third party vendor(s) responsible for processing your payment (“Payment Processors”). These entities have their own privacy policies and those terms will apply to you. Please be sure to review them at the links provided during payment processing. When we disclose Personal Information for a Business Purpose, we enter into a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to keep that Personal Information confidential and use only for performance of the contract, and not for any other purpose. We share or make your information available, including any Personal Information, in the circumstances described below. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a Business Purpose, as more fully described in Section 4: We disclose your Personal Information for a Business Purpose to the following categories of third parties: Please note: Affiliated persons or our third party service providers may augment, extend, and combine non-personally identifiable information with data from additional third party sources in order to assist us in our operation of the Site. We do not sell Personal Information and have not sold Personal Information in the preceding twelve (12) months. We reserve the right to disclose all information collected via the Site, internally, to affiliates, or to third parties, for any lawful purpose or to prevent harm to us or others. For example, and without limitation, in our discretion we may disclose information to government regulators, law enforcement authorities or alleged victims of identity theft. We will notify you in the event of a government or legal request for your information unless otherwise prohibited by law. If we should ever transfer or restructure the operational ownership of the Site, such as through a merger with another entity or a reorganization of all or a part of our operational responsibilities or assets, we may disclose, transfer, assign our rights, and/or delegate our duties to your information without notice and consent, including to prospective or actual recipient or acquiring entities. Should this occur, we will require any third party receiving your Personal Information as described under this subsection to be contractually required to provide the same level of privacy compliance as provided by us under this Privacy Policy. We cannot ensure that all of your Personal Information will be disclosed only in the ways described in this Privacy Policy. For example, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your Personal Information that they collect from the Site. Even with the most rigorous information security standards, no transmission of data over the internet can be 100% secure. You may always decline to provide your Personal Information to us. Registering for an account or otherwise providing your Personal Information is not required to access some of our online content. If you choose not to provide certain Personal Information to us, some of your experiences may be affected (for example, we cannot provide channel management features if you do not link your YouTube® account information). We use the Personal Information of our users as needed for the purposes for which it was collected or where you have consented to our use of such information. If you do not wish to provide information to us or do not wish to consent to the uses described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site, set up an account, or supply the requested information to us. You may have the right under the CCPA to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past twelve (12) months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you: You may have the right under the CCPA to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, or de-identify your Personal Information, unless an exception applies.We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) or vendor(s) to: 6.5 Exercising Your Rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: Most browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features and services of the Site (particularly those that require sign-in) may not function properly if your Cookies are disabled. Similarly, if you choose to delete session objects from our Site, you may not be able to access and use all or part of the site or benefit from some or all of the information or features and services offered.Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) or similar feature that signals to websites that a user does not want to have the user’s online activity and behavior tracked. If a website that responds to a particular DNT signal receives the DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting certain information about that browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, many websites, including the Site, do not respond to DNT signals. We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to preserve the security of your information that we maintain in connection with your use of the Site. For example, we encrypt all data with secure sockets layer (SSL) or similar technologies when we transmit your data. This, however, does not guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by any breach of our physical, technical or managerial safeguards. In the event that any of your Personal Information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and will notify you, as appropriate, in accordance with pertinent laws and regulations. We or our third party hosting providers store Personal Information in operating environments that are safeguarded against public or unauthorized access and protected from internal access with physical and technical security measures. While these measures are helpful to safeguard your Personal Information after we receive it, no transmission of data over the internet is 100% secure. Please be aware that we have offices in the United States. The Site is governed by United States law. If you are using any of our products or services from outside of the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers may be located. The United States might not offer the same level of privacy protection as the country where you reside or are a citizen. BY USING THE SITE, COMMUNICATING WITH US VIA MAIL, EMAIL OR TELEPHONE, OR OTHERWISE PROVIDING INFORMATION TO US, YOU CONSENT TO THE TRANSFER TO, AND PROCESSING OF, YOUR INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES. Residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) may be entitled to rights under the GDPR. If you qualify, these rights are summarized below.If you request to exercise your rights under the GDPR, we may require verification of your identity before we respond to any such request. If you are entitled to these rights, you may exercise the following rights with respect to your Personal Information that we collect and store: California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits users who are California residents to obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed Personal Information (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and you wish to make such a request, please send an e-mail with “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line to support@tubebuddy.com. If you are a California resident who is under age 16 and you are unable to remove publicly-available content that you have submitted to us, you may request removal by contacting us at: support@tubebuddy.com. When requesting removal, you must be specific about the information you want removed and provide us with specific information, such as the URL for each page where the information was entered, so that we can find it. We are not required to remove any content or information that: (1) federal or state law requires us or a third party to maintain; (2) was not posted by you; (3) is anonymized so that you cannot be identified; (4) you don’t follow our instructions for removing or requesting removal; or (5) you received compensation or other consideration for providing the content or information. Removal of your content or information from the Site does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information from our systems or the systems of our service providers. We are not required to delete the content or information posted by you; our obligations under California law are satisfied so long as we anonymize the content or information or render it invisible to other users and the public. TubeBuddy uses the following Extension Permissions for the purposes outlined below: Because our privacy practices and privacy law necessarily evolve over time, we reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion, upon notice to you such as by posting updated Privacy Policy on the Site, sending you an email to your account email, or by any other reasonable means. You should periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure that you are familiar with the most current version. Your continued use of the Site after the Effective Date posted above will constitute your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, the ways in which we collect and use your information described in this Privacy Policy, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Postal Address:TubeBuddyAttn: TubeBuddy Customer Support14724 Ventura Blvd, Suite 1200,Sherman Oaks, CA 91403 YouTube SUBSCRIBE TO US ON TikTok Twitter/X FOLLOW US ON Facebook LIKE US ON Instagram LinkedIn ADD US ON