Privacy Policy Vercel Inc. If you are located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United Kingdom ("UK") Who We Are and How To Contact Us To Whom Does This Policy Apply Customers: Site Visitors: Event Attendees: End Users: Children's Privacy Changes To This Privacy Policy What Information Do We Collect Information We Collect Directly From You Account Information. email address Customer Payment Information. Event Attendee Information. Optional Information. Information We Collect Indirectly Device and Usage Information Information About your Device: Usage Information: Location Information: Cookies and Similar Technologies Information from Third Parties Information We Process on Behalf of Our Customers Analytics Payment Processing Interactive and Public Spaces How Do We Use Personal Information That We Collect for users located in the EEA and the UK Performance of a contract Consent Legitimate interests Legal obligation Legal claims Providing you access to and use of the Platform . [depending on the context, performance of a contract, legitimate interests, and in some cases, legal claims] Processing and completing transactions, and sending you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices and important notices . [depending on the context, performance of a contract or legitimate interests] Responding to your queries and requests, or otherwise communicating directly with you . Improving the content and general administration of the Platform, including system maintenance and upgrades, enabling new features and enhancing both Site Visitor and Customer experience . [legitimate interests] Detecting fraud, illegal activities or security breaches . Providing our Services to our Customers . Hosting or sponsoring Events . Ensuring compliance with applicable laws . [compliance with a legal obligation] Conducting statistical analyses and analytics by monitoring and analyzing trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Platform . [consent where required (e.g. 3rd-party cookies), or legitimate interests] Increasing the number of customers who use our Platform through marketing and advertising . [consent where required, or legitimate interests] Sending commercial communications, in line with your communication preferences, about products and services, features, newsletters, offers, promotions, and events . [consent and in some cases, depending on location, with existing customers, legitimate interests] Providing information to regulatory bodies when legally required, and only as outlined below in this Privacy Policy . [legal obligation, legal claims, legitimate interests] When We Share Information Third-Party Service Providers Hosting and content delivery network services Analytics services CRM providers Lead generation partners Marketing and social media partners Customer support services Payment processors Functionality and debugging services Professional service providers, such as auditors, lawyers, consultants, accountants and insurers Business Transfers Vercel Customers Event Sponsors Anonymized Information Legal Obligations and Security Links to Third Party Sites What You Should Know about Domain Registration "Do Not Track" How to Change Your Communication Preferences Access and Accuracy How Long Do We Keep Your Personal information? General Retention Periods The amount, nature and sensitivity of your information; The reasons for which we collect and process the personal data; The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide you with access to our Platform; and applicable legal requirements. Anonymization Data Security And Integrity Your California Privacy Rights Notice to Nevada Consumers International Transfers If you are accessing or using our Platform or otherwise providing personal information to us, you are agreeing and consenting to the processing of your personal information in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate. Security. Access. Recourse, Enforcement, Liability. Additional Information for Users in the EEA and the UK. If the GDPR applies to you because you are in the EEA or the UK The right to be informed: The right of access: The right of rectification: The right to erasure (also known as the 'right to be forgotten'): under certain circumstances The right to restrict processing: The right to data portability: The right to object: Rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling: Customers, Site Visitors and Event Attendees in the EEA or the UK. If we cannot reasonably verify your identity, we will not be able to comply with your request(s). End Users in the EEA or the UK. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their End Users, and this includes handling all data subject requests. European Representative Using EDPO's online request form at ; or Writing to EDPO at Avenue Huart Hamoir 71, 1030 Brussels, Belgium. UK Representative Using EDPO's UK online request form at ; or Writing to EDPO UK at 8 Northumberland Avenue, London WC2N 5BY, United Kingdom. Contact Us Last update: March 15, 2021