Terms of Service Subject to these Terms of Service (this "Agreement"), Vercel Inc. ("Vercel", "we", "us" and/or "our") provides access to Vercel's cloud platform as a service, including, without limitation, certain API's and domain registration services (collectively, the "Services"). By using or accessing the Services, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by this Agreement.If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company, business or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to this Agreement, in which case the term "you" shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with this Agreement, you must not accept this Agreement and may not use the Services.IMPORTANT: PLEASE REVIEW THE MUTUAL ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SET FORTH BELOW CAREFULLY, AS IT WILL REQUIRE YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH VERCEL ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS (WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO A CLASS ACTION) THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION. BY ENTERING THIS AGREEMENT, YOU EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS MUTUAL ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND HAVE TAKEN THE TIME TO CONSIDER THE CONSEQUENCES OF THIS IMPORTANT DECISION. THIS AGREEMENT ALSO CONTAINS RELEASES, LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY, AND PROVISIONS ON INDEMNITY AND ASSUMPTION OF RISK, ALL OF WHICH MAY LIMIT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. PLEASE REVIEW THEM CAREFULLY. 1. Age and Eligibility. You certify that you are a person at least 16 years of age. Services may only be used or accessed through an electronic device controlled by you at all times. A valid Vercel account may only be created and maintained if you provide valid information in the signup process, and you regularly update such information to assure its accuracy.You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of login information associated with your account. Each user must have unique login credentials that must not be shared by multiple users. You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account. 3. Your Content. You are solely responsible for all software, code, data, information, feedback, suggestions, text, content and other materials that you upload, post, deliver, provide or otherwise transmit or store (hereafter "post(ing)") in connection with or relating to the Services ("Your Content"). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of usernames and passwords associated with your account and for all activities that occur under your account. Vercel reserves the right to access your account in order to respond to your requests for technical support. By posting Your Content on or through the Services, you grant Vercel a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable and transferable license to use, copy, modify, reproduce, distribute, display, publish, store and perform Your Content only in connection with its provision of the Services and for security to protect the Services and third parties from fraud, malware, malicious files or content, viruses and the like. You further agree that Vercel may remove or disable any of Your Content at any time for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third-parties or authorities relating to Your Content), or for no reason at all. 4. Hobby Plan. We offer a free hobby plan at our sole discretion. You shall only use the Services under a hobby plan for your personal or non-commercial use. We may change the terms and conditions applicable to the hobby plan or discontinue offering the hobby plan at any time. We reserve the right to disable or remove any project or website deployment on the hobby plan with or without notice at our sole discretion. We may shut down and terminate projects or deployments using the hobby plan without notice for any reason or no reason. We may shut down affected projects or deployments on the hobby plan in case of any delays or performance problems including, without limitation, those caused by a malicious attack on a project or deployment. 6. Acceptable Use. The Services may only be used for lawful purposes.You shall not attempt to undermine the security or integrity of computing systems or networks of Vercel, its partners, or any other person, and must not attempt to gain unauthorized access.The network resources of Vercel may not be used to impersonate another person or misrepresent authorization to act on behalf of others or Vercel.You must not introduce software or automated agents or scripts into Vercel's website in order to produce multiple accounts, generate automated searches, requests or queries, or to strip or mine content or data from Vercel's website.You must not access Vercel's website through automated methods, including any use of robots or other computer code which calls Vercel's website.You shall not send unsolicited messages or use the Services to send unsolicited messages (also known as junk mail or SPAM).You shall not use the Services to reproduce the functionality of Vercel Services, including any storage products.You may not rent, lease, loan, or sell access to, or otherwise attempt to transfer any right in Vercel's website (which includes its software and documentation) to a third-party, through framing or any other method.You may not engage in any namesquatting behavior within Vercel namespaces such as usernames, team names, or deployment URLs; attempt to resell, barter, or trade names; or inactively hold names for future use.You must not interfere with or disrupt the Services or create an undue burden on Vercel's website or the networks or services connected to Vercel's website.You may not use the services or Vercel's infrastructure for proxying, scraping, to create virtual private networks, or to create virtual private servers.You must not perform any benchmark tests or analyses relating to Vercel's website or Services without express permission from Vercel.You shall not use the Services to host any Protected Health Information or information that is subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPPA), unless you first obtain Vercel's prior written approval.The final decision of whether an account is in violation of any of these acceptable use terms is at the sole discretion of Vercel. You agree that violations of this Agreement by yourself or any person or entity acting under your account will, in addition to any other remedies including criminal prosecution, result in termination of your access to Vercel's website and removal (taking down) of all projects and deployments. In addition, violation of these terms or any of Vercel's policies may result in tracking information being stored to identify the offending person, and permanent restriction from holding an account on Vercel's website and Services. 9. Data Protection. 12. Electronic Communications. By using the Services, you consent to receiving electronic communications from Vercel. These electronic communications may include notices about applicable Services fees and charges related to the Services and transactional or other information concerning or related to the Services. They may also include notices that require responses and or action to avoid service interruptions. These electronic communications are part of your relationship with Vercel and you receive them as part of your use of the Services. Your account email address must be kept current and maintain a responsive user at all times. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that Vercel sends you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. 13. Representation and Warranties.13.1. Representations. You represent and warrant that (i) you own all Your Content or have obtained all permissions, releases, rights or licenses required to engage in posting and other activities (and allow Vercel to perform its obligations) in connection with the Services without obtaining any further releases or consents; (ii) Your Content and other activities in connection with the Services, and Vercel's exercise of all rights and license granted by you herein, do not and will not violate, infringe, or misappropriate any third party's copyright, trademark, right of privacy, or publicity, or other personal or proprietary right and Your Content is not defamatory, obscene, unlawful, threatening, abusive, tortious, offensive or harassing; and (iii) you will use the Services only in compliance with Vercel's standard published policies and documentation then in effect and all applicable laws and regulations.13.2. Mutual Warranty. Each party represents and warrants to the other that it has full right and power to enter into and perform under this Agreement, without any third-party consents or conflicts with any other agreement. 13. Representation and Warranties. 13.1. Representations. You represent and warrant that (i) you own all Your Content or have obtained all permissions, releases, rights or licenses required to engage in posting and other activities (and allow Vercel to perform its obligations) in connection with the Services without obtaining any further releases or consents; (ii) Your Content and other activities in connection with the Services, and Vercel's exercise of all rights and license granted by you herein, do not and will not violate, infringe, or misappropriate any third party's copyright, trademark, right of privacy, or publicity, or other personal or proprietary right and Your Content is not defamatory, obscene, unlawful, threatening, abusive, tortious, offensive or harassing; and (iii) you will use the Services only in compliance with Vercel's standard published policies and documentation then in effect and all applicable laws and regulations. 13.2. Mutual Warranty. Each party represents and warrants to the other that it has full right and power to enter into and perform under this Agreement, without any third-party consents or conflicts with any other agreement. 14. Indemnification. You will indemnify and hold harmless Vercel against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from your breach of this Agreement, any claim of infringement or misappropriation arising out of your websites or any of Your Content, or your other access, contribution to, use or misuse of the Services. Vercel shall provide notice to you of any such claim, suit or demand. Vercel reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section. In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting Vercel's defense of such matter. 15. Confidentiality; Proprietary Rights.15.1. Confidentiality. Each party (the "Receiving Party") understands that the other party (the "Disclosing Party") has disclosed or may disclose business, technical, product or financial information or data relating to the Disclosing Party's business (hereinafter referred to as "Proprietary Information" of the Disclosing Party). Proprietary Information of Vercel includes non-public information regarding features, functionality and performance of the Services. Your Proprietary Information includes non-public personal data provided by you to Vercel to enable the provision of the Services and that you upload to the Services (collectively, "Your Data"). The Receiving Party agrees: (i) to take reasonable precautions to protect such Proprietary Information, and (ii) not to use (except in performance of the Services or as otherwise permitted herein) or divulge to any third person any such Proprietary Information. The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing shall not apply with respect to any information after five (5) years following the disclosure thereof or any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public, or (b) was rightfully in its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without confidentiality restrictions by a third party, or (d) was independently developed without use of any Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party as evidenced by its internal files. If a Receiving Party is required by law or a governmental agency to disclose the Disclosing Party's Proprietary Information, the Receiving Party must provide reasonable notice to the Disclosing Party of such required disclosure so as to permit the Disclosing Party a reasonable period of time to seek a protective order or limit the amount of Proprietary Information to be disclosed.15.2. Use of Your Data. You shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to Your Data. Vercel may use and disclose Your Data solely to the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and for security to protect the Services and third parties from fraud, illegal activities, malware, malicious files or content, viruses and the like and for no other purpose. Otherwise, Vercel will not sell, disclose, or share any Your Data (or any part or product thereof) with anyone else. Vercel will implement and maintain reasonable information security policies and processes (including technical, administrative and physical safeguards) that are designed to prevent unauthorized access to or use or disclosure of the Services or any Your Data.15.3. Company Ownership. Vercel shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to (a) the Services, all improvements, enhancements or modifications thereto and (b) all intellectual property rights related to any of the foregoing.15.4. Feedback. To the extent you or any of your users provide any suggestions to Vercel regarding the functioning, features, and other characteristics of the Services, documentation, or other material or services provided or made available by Vercel ("Feedback"), you hereby grant Vercel a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid-up, fully transferable, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicenses) under all of your intellectual property rights, for Vercel to use and exploit in any manner and for any purpose.15.5. Aggregate Data. Vercel shall have the right to collect and analyze data and other information relating to the provision, use and performance of various aspects of the Services and related systems and technologies (excluding Your Data and data derived therefrom), and Vercel will be free (during and after the term hereof) to (i) use such information and data to improve and enhance the Services and for other development, diagnostic and corrective purposes in connection with the Services and other Vercel offerings, and (ii) disclose such data solely in aggregate or other de-identified form in connection with its business.15.6. Customer Name. During the term of this Agreement, you grant Vercel a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid up license to use and reproduce your trademarks, tradenames and logos in Vercel's marketing materials and website(s) and to indicate that you are a Vercel customer. Vercel will abide by any written trademark usage guidelines provided by you. All goodwill arising out of the use of your trademarks, tradenames and logos shall inure to your benefit. 15. Confidentiality; Proprietary Rights. 15.1. Confidentiality. Each party (the "Receiving Party") understands that the other party (the "Disclosing Party") has disclosed or may disclose business, technical, product or financial information or data relating to the Disclosing Party's business (hereinafter referred to as "Proprietary Information" of the Disclosing Party). Proprietary Information of Vercel includes non-public information regarding features, functionality and performance of the Services. Your Proprietary Information includes non-public personal data provided by you to Vercel to enable the provision of the Services and that you upload to the Services (collectively, "Your Data"). The Receiving Party agrees: (i) to take reasonable precautions to protect such Proprietary Information, and (ii) not to use (except in performance of the Services or as otherwise permitted herein) or divulge to any third person any such Proprietary Information. The Disclosing Party agrees that the foregoing shall not apply with respect to any information after five (5) years following the disclosure thereof or any information that the Receiving Party can document (a) is or becomes generally available to the public, or (b) was rightfully in its possession or known by it prior to receipt from the Disclosing Party, or (c) was rightfully disclosed to it without confidentiality restrictions by a third party, or (d) was independently developed without use of any Proprietary Information of the Disclosing Party as evidenced by its internal files. If a Receiving Party is required by law or a governmental agency to disclose the Disclosing Party's Proprietary Information, the Receiving Party must provide reasonable notice to the Disclosing Party of such required disclosure so as to permit the Disclosing Party a reasonable period of time to seek a protective order or limit the amount of Proprietary Information to be disclosed. 15.2. Use of Your Data. You shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to Your Data. Vercel may use and disclose Your Data solely to the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and for security to protect the Services and third parties from fraud, illegal activities, malware, malicious files or content, viruses and the like and for no other purpose. Otherwise, Vercel will not sell, disclose, or share any Your Data (or any part or product thereof) with anyone else. Vercel will implement and maintain reasonable information security policies and processes (including technical, administrative and physical safeguards) that are designed to prevent unauthorized access to or use or disclosure of the Services or any Your Data. 15.3. Company Ownership. Vercel shall own and retain all right, title and interest in and to (a) the Services, all improvements, enhancements or modifications thereto and (b) all intellectual property rights related to any of the foregoing. 15.4. Feedback. To the extent you or any of your users provide any suggestions to Vercel regarding the functioning, features, and other characteristics of the Services, documentation, or other material or services provided or made available by Vercel ("Feedback"), you hereby grant Vercel a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid-up, fully transferable, worldwide license (with rights to sublicense through multiple tiers of sublicenses) under all of your intellectual property rights, for Vercel to use and exploit in any manner and for any purpose. 15.5. Aggregate Data. Vercel shall have the right to collect and analyze data and other information relating to the provision, use and performance of various aspects of the Services and related systems and technologies (excluding Your Data and data derived therefrom), and Vercel will be free (during and after the term hereof) to (i) use such information and data to improve and enhance the Services and for other development, diagnostic and corrective purposes in connection with the Services and other Vercel offerings, and (ii) disclose such data solely in aggregate or other de-identified form in connection with its business. 15.6. Customer Name. During the term of this Agreement, you grant Vercel a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid up license to use and reproduce your trademarks, tradenames and logos in Vercel's marketing materials and website(s) and to indicate that you are a Vercel customer. Vercel will abide by any written trademark usage guidelines provided by you. All goodwill arising out of the use of your trademarks, tradenames and logos shall inure to your benefit. 16. Payment of Fees. 16.2. Payments. All payments shall be made in the currency of, and within the borders of the United States. You will pay all applicable taxes, duties, withholdings, backup withholding and the like; when Vercel has the legal obligation to pay or collect such taxes, the appropriate amount shall be paid by you directly to Vercel. If all or any part of any payment owed to Vercel under this Agreement is withheld, based upon a claim that such withholding is required pursuant to the tax laws of any country or its political subdivisions and/or any tax treaty between the U.S. and any such country, such payment shall be increased by the amount necessary to result in a net payment to Vercel of the amounts otherwise payable under this Agreement. You will reimburse Vercel any pre-approved and agreed upon costs. Vercel may change its fees and payment terms at its discretion; provided however, that such changes will not take effect for you until the start of the next payment period. Vercel will provide written notice to you for any changes to the fees that affect the Services purchased by you. Your continued use of the Services after the price change becomes effective constitutes your agreement to pay the changed amount. 17. Term and Termination. 17.3. Effect of Termination. Upon the termination of this Agreement for any reason: (i) the licenses granted under this Agreement in respect of the Services shall immediately terminate and you and your users shall cease use of the Services; (ii) Vercel will cease providing any Support Services; (iii) you shall pay to Vercel the full amount of any outstanding fees due hereunder; and (iv) within fourteen (14) calendar days of such termination, each party shall destroy or return all Proprietary Information of the other party in its possession or control, and will not make or retain any copies of such information in any form, except that the receiving party may retain one (1) archival copy of such information solely for purposes of ensuring compliance with this Agreement. 18. Disclaimer. THE SERVICES AND SUPPORT SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND VERCEL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. VERCEL DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES OR DELIVERABLES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES IT MAKE ANY WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICES OR DELIVERABLES. 19. Limitation of Liability. 19.2. Limits. Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, which means that some of the above limitations may not apply to you. IN THESE STATES, VERCEL'S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 21. Governing Law; Disputes; Arbitration.21.1. Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.21.2. Binding Contract. You acknowledge that this Agreement is a contract between you and Vercel, even though it may be electronic and may not be physically signed by you and Vercel, and it governs your use of the Services.21.3. Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Arbitration. 21.3.1 Disputes with a Domestic Customer. If you are located and headquartered in the United States of America, you and Vercel each irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the San Francisco County, California for all proceedings arising out of this contract or related to the parties’ relationship, and you and Vercel agree to only institute such proceedings in those courts. You and Vercel also waive any objection to venue in those courts based on improper venue. You and Vercel agree that a final judgment (subject to appeals) in any such proceeding is conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in another lawful manner.21.3.2. Disputes with a Foreign Customer. If you are located and headquartered outside of the United States of America, then any action related to this Agreement will be governed by California law. Any dispute between you and Vercel that is not resolved through negotiation will be resolved exclusively by final and binding arbitration conducted in accordance with the then-current Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services ("JAMS"). The arbitration will be conducted by a single arbitrator selected by agreement of you and Vercel or, if you and Vercel cannot agree, an arbitrator appointed in accordance with the JAMS rules who shall be experienced in the type of dispute at issue. You and Vercel, their representatives, the arbitrator, and other participants shall keep confidential the existence, content, and result of the arbitration. Any demand for arbitration and any counterclaim must specify in reasonable detail the facts and legal grounds forming the basis for the claimant’s claims and include a statement of the total amount of damages claimed, if any, and any other remedy sought by the claimant. The arbitration will be conducted in the English language; the location of such arbitration shall be in San Francisco, California. Each party will bear its own costs in the arbitration. The arbitrator will have full power and authority to determine issues of arbitrability and to interpret or construe the provisions of the agreement documents and to fashion appropriate remedies (including temporary, preliminary, interim, or permanent injunctive relief); provided that the arbitrator will not have any right or authority: (i) in excess of the authority that a court having jurisdiction over the parties and the dispute would have absent this arbitration agreement; or (ii) to award damages in excess of the types and limitation of damages found in the Agreement. Judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the agreement to arbitrate, each party may apply at any time to a court of competent jurisdiction for appropriate injunctive relief or for other interim or conservatory measures, and by doing so will not breach or waive the agreement to arbitrate or impair the powers of the arbitrator. 21. Governing Law; Disputes; Arbitration. 21.1. Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. 21.2. Binding Contract. You acknowledge that this Agreement is a contract between you and Vercel, even though it may be electronic and may not be physically signed by you and Vercel, and it governs your use of the Services. 21.3. Exclusive Jurisdiction and Venue; Arbitration. 21.3.1 Disputes with a Domestic Customer. If you are located and headquartered in the United States of America, you and Vercel each irrevocably and unconditionally consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in the San Francisco County, California for all proceedings arising out of this contract or related to the parties’ relationship, and you and Vercel agree to only institute such proceedings in those courts. You and Vercel also waive any objection to venue in those courts based on improper venue. You and Vercel agree that a final judgment (subject to appeals) in any such proceeding is conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in another lawful manner. 21.3.2. Disputes with a Foreign Customer. If you are located and headquartered outside of the United States of America, then any action related to this Agreement will be governed by California law. Any dispute between you and Vercel that is not resolved through negotiation will be resolved exclusively by final and binding arbitration conducted in accordance with the then-current Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures of the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services ("JAMS"). The arbitration will be conducted by a single arbitrator selected by agreement of you and Vercel or, if you and Vercel cannot agree, an arbitrator appointed in accordance with the JAMS rules who shall be experienced in the type of dispute at issue. You and Vercel, their representatives, the arbitrator, and other participants shall keep confidential the existence, content, and result of the arbitration. Any demand for arbitration and any counterclaim must specify in reasonable detail the facts and legal grounds forming the basis for the claimant’s claims and include a statement of the total amount of damages claimed, if any, and any other remedy sought by the claimant. The arbitration will be conducted in the English language; the location of such arbitration shall be in San Francisco, California. Each party will bear its own costs in the arbitration. The arbitrator will have full power and authority to determine issues of arbitrability and to interpret or construe the provisions of the agreement documents and to fashion appropriate remedies (including temporary, preliminary, interim, or permanent injunctive relief); provided that the arbitrator will not have any right or authority: (i) in excess of the authority that a court having jurisdiction over the parties and the dispute would have absent this arbitration agreement; or (ii) to award damages in excess of the types and limitation of damages found in the Agreement. Judgment upon the award may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the agreement to arbitrate, each party may apply at any time to a court of competent jurisdiction for appropriate injunctive relief or for other interim or conservatory measures, and by doing so will not breach or waive the agreement to arbitrate or impair the powers of the arbitrator. 22. Previews. Vercel may elect to provide certain Previews from time to time. Previews are provided "AS-IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS", and "AS AVAILABLE". Vercel's warranties, indemnities and SLA terms do not apply to Previews and Support Services are not provided for Previews. Vercel may change, discontinue or terminate your use of Previews at any time without notice. "Previews" means Services, releases, features, or functionality provided for preview, pre-release, evaluation, demonstration, beta, or similar uses and purposes. Last update: May 1st, 2023 © 2023 ⌘ K Legal