Remind is now part of the ParentSquare family! See the announcement for details See the announcement for details  Products Stay connected with your classes with free two-way messaging Supercharge communication for your entire organization View demo Who it's for Reach students and families where they are Connect your entire organization with meaningful communication Support student learning beyond the classroom Create an account Terms of Service Terms Policies Security Terms and Policies ‍IMPORTANT—IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, YOU MUST HAVE YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN READ THE AGREEMENT BELOW AND AGREE TO IT FOR YOU. IF YOU DON'T GET YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN TO READ AND AGREE TO THIS, YOU DON'T HAVE PERMISSION TO USE REMIND. ALWAYS GET AN ADULT'S PERMISSION BEFORE GOING ONLINE.PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE ("AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OFFERED BY REMIND101, INC. ("REMIND" OR "WE" OR "US"). THIS IS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND REMIND. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS. IF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO SUCH TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES. ‍ IMPORTANT—IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, YOU MUST HAVE YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN READ THE AGREEMENT BELOW AND AGREE TO IT FOR YOU. IF YOU DON'T GET YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN TO READ AND AGREE TO THIS, YOU DON'T HAVE PERMISSION TO USE REMIND. ALWAYS GET AN ADULT'S PERMISSION BEFORE GOING ONLINE. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE ("AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OFFERED BY REMIND101, INC. ("REMIND" OR "WE" OR "US"). THIS IS A BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND REMIND. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS. IF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO SUCH TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICES. What this is sayingBefore using Remind, you need to be at least 18 years old and agree to these terms. If you're under 18, a parent or guardian needs to review and agree to these terms for you. What this is saying Before using Remind, you need to be at least 18 years old and agree to these terms. If you're under 18, a parent or guardian needs to review and agree to these terms for you. Will these terms ever change?We constantly try to improve our Services, so we may update this Agreement as we offer new and improved Services. We may modify this Agreement at any time, but we will do our best to bring this to your attention by posting a notice on the Services or notifying you by email or by some other means. If you don't agree with the new terms, you may reject them but unfortunately you will no longer be able to use the Services. Your use of the Services in any way following notification by Remind constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions as modified. We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features, impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services at any time. We'll provide you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you.You represent and warrant to Remind that:you are at least 18 years old (or, if you are not at least 18 years old, you have your parent's permission to use the Services, and your parent has read and agrees to this Agreement on your behalf);all registration information you submit is accurate and truthful;you will maintain the accuracy of such information;if you're agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to this Agreement on the organization or entity's behalf and bind them to this Agreement (in which case, the references to "you" and "your" in these Terms, except for in this sentence, refer to that organization or entity). You also certify that you are legally permitted to use and access the Services and take full responsibility for the selection, use of, and access to the Services, including ensuring that you have permission to communicate with anyone you choose to interact with through the Services.This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions.What this is sayingWe work hard to improve the Remind experience for you, so our terms may change from time to time. We will update you when we make significant changes. Before continuing to use Remind, it will be important to review and agree to any changes. Will these terms ever change?We constantly try to improve our Services, so we may update this Agreement as we offer new and improved Services. We may modify this Agreement at any time, but we will do our best to bring this to your attention by posting a notice on the Services or notifying you by email or by some other means. If you don't agree with the new terms, you may reject them but unfortunately you will no longer be able to use the Services. Your use of the Services in any way following notification by Remind constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions as modified. We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features, impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services at any time. We'll provide you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you.You represent and warrant to Remind that:you are at least 18 years old (or, if you are not at least 18 years old, you have your parent's permission to use the Services, and your parent has read and agrees to this Agreement on your behalf);all registration information you submit is accurate and truthful;you will maintain the accuracy of such information;if you're agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to this Agreement on the organization or entity's behalf and bind them to this Agreement (in which case, the references to "you" and "your" in these Terms, except for in this sentence, refer to that organization or entity). You also certify that you are legally permitted to use and access the Services and take full responsibility for the selection, use of, and access to the Services, including ensuring that you have permission to communicate with anyone you choose to interact with through the Services.This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions. Will these terms ever change? We constantly try to improve our Services, so we may update this Agreement as we offer new and improved Services. We may modify this Agreement at any time, but we will do our best to bring this to your attention by posting a notice on the Services or notifying you by email or by some other means. If you don't agree with the new terms, you may reject them but unfortunately you will no longer be able to use the Services. Your use of the Services in any way following notification by Remind constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions as modified. We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features, impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services at any time. We'll provide you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you.You represent and warrant to Remind that:you are at least 18 years old (or, if you are not at least 18 years old, you have your parent's permission to use the Services, and your parent has read and agrees to this Agreement on your behalf);all registration information you submit is accurate and truthful;you will maintain the accuracy of such information;if you're agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to this Agreement on the organization or entity's behalf and bind them to this Agreement (in which case, the references to "you" and "your" in these Terms, except for in this sentence, refer to that organization or entity). You also certify that you are legally permitted to use and access the Services and take full responsibility for the selection, use of, and access to the Services, including ensuring that you have permission to communicate with anyone you choose to interact with through the Services.This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions. We constantly try to improve our Services, so we may update this Agreement as we offer new and improved Services. We may modify this Agreement at any time, but we will do our best to bring this to your attention by posting a notice on the Services or notifying you by email or by some other means. If you don't agree with the new terms, you may reject them but unfortunately you will no longer be able to use the Services. Your use of the Services in any way following notification by Remind constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions as modified. We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features, impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services at any time. We'll provide you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you. You represent and warrant to Remind that: This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions. What this is sayingWe work hard to improve the Remind experience for you, so our terms may change from time to time. We will update you when we make significant changes. Before continuing to use Remind, it will be important to review and agree to any changes. We work hard to improve the Remind experience for you, so our terms may change from time to time. We will update you when we make significant changes. Before continuing to use Remind, it will be important to review and agree to any changes. Privacy Use by children The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") requires that online service providers notify parents of children in the United States and obtain their consent before they knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children who are under 13. Remind only collects personal information through the Services from a child under 13 where that student's school, district and/or teacher has agreed, via the terms described below, to obtain parental consent for that child to use the Services and disclose that personal information to Remind. Except as expressly set forth below, we do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from a child under 13. Remind's mechanisms and policies for compliance with COPPA meet or exceed the requirements of the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation for the protection of the Personal Data of children. Fees and payment; Responsibility for usage charges Access to and use of Remind itself is free, but we do offer additional features that require fees, such as our Remind Tutoring services. Remind reserves the right to charge fees for certain features. We will notify you when we intend to charge for a service or feature. You will always have the choice whether to use those features. If you continue to use any service or feature after you have been notified of any applicable fees, that use constitutes your acceptance of any new or increased fees. Through Remind, you may be able to access and use products or services operated by other individuals or companies who are not employed or controlled by Remind (such as, a payment platform to request and/or make payments). If you use any of these products or services, you must review and agree to the additional terms and conditions and privacy policy, as well as pay any applicable fees required to use those products. Any information you agree to provide will be governed by that business' privacy policy. Note that, by using the Services, you may receive e-mail or text messages on your phone or mobile device, which may cause you to incur usage charges or other fees or costs in accordance with your wireless or data service plan. Any and all such charges, fees, or costs are your sole responsibility. You should consult with your wireless carrier to determine what rates, charges, fees, or costs may apply to your use of the Services. What this is sayingRemind’s basic service is free right now, and we have no plans to charge users for Remind Chat. We will charge fees to those individuals who select our Individual Plans, or those schools or districts that sign contracts to purchase Remind Hub. You may choose to use and pay for additional products and services that we or our partners offer. We’ll make it clear when fees are added to Remind. We promise :) Remind’s basic service is free right now, and we have no plans to charge users for Remind Chat. We will charge fees to those individuals who select our Individual Plans, or those schools or districts that sign contracts to purchase Remind Hub. You may choose to use and pay for additional products and services that we or our partners offer. We’ll make it clear when fees are added to Remind. We promise :) Additional terms This Agreement applies to all users of our Services, but there are special terms for you depending on what type of user you are and whether you use the service for free, as do the vast majority of our users, or pay for use of Remind. If you are, for example, a student, teammate or parent who is invited to be or added as a member of a class or group by an Organizer, you are a Participant. If you are a staff member of a school or school district that has purchased Remind Hub, and have been given administrative rights, then you are a Verified Administrator. If you are a teacher, tutor or parent who creates a “class” or “group” of members, then you are an Organizer. If you are agreeing to this Agreement on behalf of an organization, such as a school or school district, club, or team, you are an Organization. If you are purchasing an individual account, you are a Premium Organizer. If you are retained by Remind to work with students to advance their education, you are a Tutor. You may not sign up for or use the Services as someone you are not; Remind may disable or terminate your account if you do so. Please read on below to find out what additional terms apply to you. If you are a Participant (such as a student, parent, or other individual invited to join a class or group by an Organizer, or a student who is participating in Remind Tutoring): If you are accessing the Services as an Organizer (such as a teacher, administrator, parent or other adult creating a class or group) and inviting users to join as Participants: If you are an Organization (such as a school, school district or club): If you purchase an Individual Plan, you are a Premium Organizer, which gives you access to premium features, such as: If Remind verifies you as a Verified Administrator of your Organization, you may have the ability to perform the following tasks: With respect to all users of Remind, whether you are a Participant, Organizer or Organization, Premium Organizer, Verified Administrator, or Tutor: What this is sayingYou have different rights and responsibilities depending on what type of user you are: Organizer, Participant, Organization, Premium Organizer, Verified Administrator, or Tutor. In all cases, you need consent from every person you wish to add, invite, or send messages to via Remind. You have different rights and responsibilities depending on what type of user you are: Organizer, Participant, Organization, Premium Organizer, Verified Administrator, or Tutor. In all cases, you need consent from every person you wish to add, invite, or send messages to via Remind. Registration and securityAs a condition to using Services, you may be required to register with Remind by selecting a password and providing your name and a valid email address. You will provide Remind with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. You may not:select or use the name or email of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; oruse a name subject to any rights of any person other than you without appropriate authorization.Remind reserves the right to refuse registration of or to cancel a Remind account in its sole discretion. You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password. You may not transfer your account to anyone without express prior written consent of Remind. Violation of any of the foregoing may result in immediate termination of your account, revocation of your ability to use the Services, and may subject you to state and federal penalties and other legal consequences. Remind reserves the right, but will have no obligation, to investigate your use of the Services in order to determine whether a violation of the Agreement has occurred or to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.What this is sayingThe security of your account is very important to us. Please keep your password safe, use your real name and create your own account before using Remind. Registration and securityAs a condition to using Services, you may be required to register with Remind by selecting a password and providing your name and a valid email address. You will provide Remind with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. You may not:select or use the name or email of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; oruse a name subject to any rights of any person other than you without appropriate authorization.Remind reserves the right to refuse registration of or to cancel a Remind account in its sole discretion. You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password. You may not transfer your account to anyone without express prior written consent of Remind. Violation of any of the foregoing may result in immediate termination of your account, revocation of your ability to use the Services, and may subject you to state and federal penalties and other legal consequences. Remind reserves the right, but will have no obligation, to investigate your use of the Services in order to determine whether a violation of the Agreement has occurred or to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Registration and security As a condition to using Services, you may be required to register with Remind by selecting a password and providing your name and a valid email address. You will provide Remind with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. You may not:select or use the name or email of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; oruse a name subject to any rights of any person other than you without appropriate authorization.Remind reserves the right to refuse registration of or to cancel a Remind account in its sole discretion. You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password. You may not transfer your account to anyone without express prior written consent of Remind. Violation of any of the foregoing may result in immediate termination of your account, revocation of your ability to use the Services, and may subject you to state and federal penalties and other legal consequences. Remind reserves the right, but will have no obligation, to investigate your use of the Services in order to determine whether a violation of the Agreement has occurred or to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. As a condition to using Services, you may be required to register with Remind by selecting a password and providing your name and a valid email address. You will provide Remind with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. You may not: Remind reserves the right to refuse registration of or to cancel a Remind account in its sole discretion. You will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password. You may not transfer your account to anyone without express prior written consent of Remind. Violation of any of the foregoing may result in immediate termination of your account, revocation of your ability to use the Services, and may subject you to state and federal penalties and other legal consequences. Remind reserves the right, but will have no obligation, to investigate your use of the Services in order to determine whether a violation of the Agreement has occurred or to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. What this is sayingThe security of your account is very important to us. Please keep your password safe, use your real name and create your own account before using Remind. The security of your account is very important to us. Please keep your password safe, use your real name and create your own account before using Remind. Consent to receive periodic messages As part of the Services, you will receive communications through the Services, including messages that Remind sends you (for example, via SMS, emails, and push notifications). When an Organizer adds a new Participant to a class or group, that Participant will receive a welcome message, instructions on how to stop receiving messages, and information on how to avoid certain charges by downloading the Remind application. Remind may inform Participants who have not replied that they will automatically be removed from the class or group. Remind may send messages regarding tutoring sessions as part of the Services. Remind may also send other administrative messages. BY SIGNING UP FOR THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO RECEIVE COMMUNICATIONS FROM REMIND AS WELL AS CLASS OR GROUP ORGANIZERS AND PARTICIPANTS, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EACH PERSON YOU INVITE AND/OR ADD HAS CONSENTED TO RECEIVE COMMUNICATIONS FROM YOU AND REMIND. If you connect to or use any third party services in conjunction with Remind, you acknowledge and consent to receive notifications and messages from those third party services. You agree to indemnify and hold Remind harmless for and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from or in any way related to your breach of the foregoing. To permanently cease receiving SMS text messages, please text @STOPALL: If you are located in Canada, you may opt out of receiving marketing messages (including text messages and emails); however, you may still receive text message and email communications that are necessary for the Services or otherwise exempt from anti-spam laws. What this is sayingWe're letting you know that you may periodically receive messages from us in addition to other Remind users. It's important that you get prior consent from everyone you invite or add to Remind. We've provided instructions on how to easily unsubscribe and stop receiving messages. We're letting you know that you may periodically receive messages from us in addition to other Remind users. It's important that you get prior consent from everyone you invite or add to Remind. We've provided instructions on how to easily unsubscribe and stop receiving messages. Consent to receive emergency messages As part of the Services you may receive communications through the Services in the event of an emergency, through SMS (text messages), emails, push notifications, or phone call. An emergency meriting a message shall be determined solely by your teacher, organizer, school or district or any official designated by a school or district, or a government agency. BY SIGNING UP FOR THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO RECEIVE EMERGENCY COMMUNICATIONS FROM REMIND WHENEVER IT IS DETERMINED THAT CIRCUMSTANCES MERIT THOSE COMMUNICATIONS. IF YOU ARE A TEACHER, ORGANIZER, VERIFIED ADMINISTRATOR, SCHOOL OR DISTRICT OFFICIAL YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT EACH PERSON YOU INVITE AND/OR ADD HAS CONSENTED TO RECEIVE COMMUNICATIONS FROM YOU AND REMIND. If you connect to or use any third party services in conjunction with Remind, you acknowledge and consent to receive notifications and messages from those third party services. Because Remind does not control whether to send or not send an emergency notification, Remind is never responsible for your receipt of, or failure to receive an emergency message. Often when an emergency is suspected the individuals empowered to determine whether to send an emergency message through Remind may have incorrect or only partial information. Remind is not responsible for messages sent erroneously or for the content of any message sent as an emergency message, even when the content of that message contains information that is incomplete, confusing, or erroneous. YOU ALONE CAN DETERMINE WHAT, IF ANY, ACTIONS TO TAKE IN THE EVENT OF AN EMERGENCY OR IN RESPONSE TO AN EMERGENCY MESSAGE YOU RECEIVE THROUGH REMIND. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD REMIND HARMLESS FOR AND AGAINST ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL), LOSSES AND EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS’ FEES) ARISING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO YOUR RECEIPT OF EMERGENCY MESSAGES OR YOUR FAILURE TO RECEIVE AN EMERGENCY MESSAGE. While we strongly encourage you not to, you may opt out of receiving emergency messages as SMS text messages or emails, but not phone calls. To permanently cease receiving SMS text messages, please text @STOPALL: If the authorized administrator at your school or district is sharing information from the School Information System with Remind, you will receive emergency messages as phone calls to the phone number you have on record with your school or district. You will receive these phone calls even if you opt out of receiving SMS text messages on Remind. You can opt out of receiving these phone calls only by having the authorized administrator at your school or district remove your contact information from their School Information System. What this is sayingWe are letting you know that in the event of an emergency, determined by those individuals in your school, school district, community or a government official and not Remind, you may receive emergency messages from us in addition to other Remind users. While Remind provides schools and districts with the ability to send emergency messages through Remind, Remind is neither responsible for your receipt of or failure to receive a message, nor your actions, failure to act or the actions or inactions of others in response to any emergency message. We do not want you to opt out of these messages as your schools or district may wish for you to receive an emergency message. However, we provided instructions on how to easily unsubscribe and stop receiving SMS text messages and emails. To stop receiving phone calls, you need to talk to your school or district. We are letting you know that in the event of an emergency, determined by those individuals in your school, school district, community or a government official and not Remind, you may receive emergency messages from us in addition to other Remind users. While Remind provides schools and districts with the ability to send emergency messages through Remind, Remind is neither responsible for your receipt of or failure to receive a message, nor your actions, failure to act or the actions or inactions of others in response to any emergency message. We do not want you to opt out of these messages as your schools or district may wish for you to receive an emergency message. However, we provided instructions on how to easily unsubscribe and stop receiving SMS text messages and emails. To stop receiving phone calls, you need to talk to your school or district. Content Communication on Remind should be used to support learning, and features are intended for educational uses only. Remind should not be used for personal profit or commercial purposes. Marketing, organizing or discussing gambling, betting or gaming activities is prohibited on Remind with the exception of education-related fundraising. All materials displayed or performed or available on the Services (including, but not limited to text, graphics, data, articles, photographs, images, illustrations, User Submissions (defined below), and so forth (all of the foregoing, the "Content")) are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. You may only use the Services for your own personal, non-commercial (meaning, you may not leverage the Services as a separate business) use and only in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and all laws that apply to you. Remind is not responsible for your use of the Services in any way that breaks the law. You agree you will abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services, and will not use, copy, modify, publish, distribute, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purposes whatsoever any Content, third party submissions or other proprietary rights not owned by you: You will not link to the Services without Remind's prior written consent, except in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Under no circumstances will Remind be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred in connection with your use of or exposure to any Content posted, emailed, accessed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Services. Be sure to only share content that belongs to you. We may view and/or use content you post on Remind (for example, format a message you send and display it to the recipients)—but you still own it. Your restrictions and responsibilitiesYou warrant, represent and agree that you will not contribute any Content or otherwise use (or encourage anyone else to use) the Services in a manner that:infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or other rights of any other third party;violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation;is harmful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable as reasonably determined by Remind;jeopardizes the security of your account in any way, such as allowing someone else access to your account or password;attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other user;violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes;runs Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged into the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services' infrastructure);"crawls," "scrapes," or "spiders" any page, data, or portion of or relating to the Services or Content (through use of manual or automated means);copies or stores any significant portion of the Content;decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the Services (or the products of Remind's third party service providers); ortransfers, communicates, exchanges, trades or sells personal health information ("PHI") as that term is defined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 as Remind should not be used for exchanging PHI;Remind reserves the right to terminate access of any third party application or service to our published or unpublished APIs.Remind reserves the right (but does not have the obligation) to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if we receive claims or allegations from individuals, companies or authorities relating to that Content or if Remind is concerned that you may have breached the foregoing restrictions), or for no reason at all. You, not Remind, remain solely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise provide using, or in connection with, the Services, and you warrant that you possess all rights necessary to provide such Content to Remind and to grant Remind the rights to use such information as provided herein.You will be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to, access, or otherwise use the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, software, and long distance or local telephone service. You will be responsible for ensuring that such equipment or ancillary services are compatible with the Services. You will be responsible for withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services. Your restrictions and responsibilities You warrant, represent and agree that you will not contribute any Content or otherwise use (or encourage anyone else to use) the Services in a manner that:infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or other rights of any other third party;violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation;is harmful, fraudulent, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable as reasonably determined by Remind;jeopardizes the security of your account in any way, such as allowing someone else access to your account or password;attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other user;violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes;runs Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged into the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services' infrastructure);"crawls," "scrapes," or "spiders" any page, data, or portion of or relating to the Services or Content (through use of manual or automated means);copies or stores any significant portion of the Content;decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the Services (or the products of Remind's third party service providers); ortransfers, communicates, exchanges, trades or sells personal health information ("PHI") as that term is defined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 as Remind should not be used for exchanging PHI;Remind reserves the right to terminate access of any third party application or service to our published or unpublished APIs.Remind reserves the right (but does not have the obligation) to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if we receive claims or allegations from individuals, companies or authorities relating to that Content or if Remind is concerned that you may have breached the foregoing restrictions), or for no reason at all. You, not Remind, remain solely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise provide using, or in connection with, the Services, and you warrant that you possess all rights necessary to provide such Content to Remind and to grant Remind the rights to use such information as provided herein.You will be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to, access, or otherwise use the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, software, and long distance or local telephone service. You will be responsible for ensuring that such equipment or ancillary services are compatible with the Services. You will be responsible for withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services. You warrant, represent and agree that you will not contribute any Content or otherwise use (or encourage anyone else to use) the Services in a manner that: Remind reserves the right to terminate access of any third party application or service to our published or unpublished APIs. Remind reserves the right (but does not have the obligation) to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if we receive claims or allegations from individuals, companies or authorities relating to that Content or if Remind is concerned that you may have breached the foregoing restrictions), or for no reason at all. You, not Remind, remain solely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise provide using, or in connection with, the Services, and you warrant that you possess all rights necessary to provide such Content to Remind and to grant Remind the rights to use such information as provided herein. You will be responsible for obtaining and maintaining any equipment or ancillary services needed to connect to, access, or otherwise use the Services, including, without limitation, modems, hardware, software, and long distance or local telephone service. You will be responsible for ensuring that such equipment or ancillary services are compatible with the Services. You will be responsible for withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services. Copyright dispute policy Under Canadian copyright laws, Remind is required to forward any notice from a copyright owner to a Remind user located in Canada if the copyright has notified Remind in accordance with the requirements under the Canadian Copyright Act. Third party service providersThe Services may contain links to third party websites, products or services that are not owned or controlled by Remind ("Third Party Services"). When you access Third Party Services, you do so at your own risk. Remind encourages you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that you visit or use.Remind has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any Third Party Services. In addition, Remind will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any Third Party Services. By using the Services, you expressly relieve and hold harmless Remind from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Services.Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any third parties. You agree that Remind will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings.If there is a dispute between Remind users, or between Remind users and any third party, you understand and agree that Remind is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you hereby release Remind, its officers, employees, agents, and successors in rights from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our service. If you are a California resident, you will and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."What this is sayingWhile using Remind, you may be able to access or use third party services that aren’t part of our product (such as YouTube, Flickr, video conferencing, whiteboarding, etc.). We can’t be held responsible for the content of services or any issues that arise. Third party service providersThe Services may contain links to third party websites, products or services that are not owned or controlled by Remind ("Third Party Services"). When you access Third Party Services, you do so at your own risk. Remind encourages you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that you visit or use.Remind has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any Third Party Services. In addition, Remind will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any Third Party Services. By using the Services, you expressly relieve and hold harmless Remind from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Services.Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any third parties. You agree that Remind will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings.If there is a dispute between Remind users, or between Remind users and any third party, you understand and agree that Remind is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you hereby release Remind, its officers, employees, agents, and successors in rights from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our service. If you are a California resident, you will and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." Third party service providers The Services may contain links to third party websites, products or services that are not owned or controlled by Remind ("Third Party Services"). When you access Third Party Services, you do so at your own risk. Remind encourages you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that you visit or use.Remind has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any Third Party Services. In addition, Remind will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any Third Party Services. By using the Services, you expressly relieve and hold harmless Remind from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Services.Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any third parties. You agree that Remind will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings.If there is a dispute between Remind users, or between Remind users and any third party, you understand and agree that Remind is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you hereby release Remind, its officers, employees, agents, and successors in rights from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our service. If you are a California resident, you will and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." The Services may contain links to third party websites, products or services that are not owned or controlled by Remind ("Third Party Services"). When you access Third Party Services, you do so at your own risk. Remind encourages you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that you visit or use. Remind has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any Third Party Services. In addition, Remind will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any Third Party Services. By using the Services, you expressly relieve and hold harmless Remind from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Services. Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any third parties. You agree that Remind will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. If there is a dispute between Remind users, or between Remind users and any third party, you understand and agree that Remind is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you hereby release Remind, its officers, employees, agents, and successors in rights from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our service. If you are a California resident, you will and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." What this is sayingWhile using Remind, you may be able to access or use third party services that aren’t part of our product (such as YouTube, Flickr, video conferencing, whiteboarding, etc.). We can’t be held responsible for the content of services or any issues that arise. While using Remind, you may be able to access or use third party services that aren’t part of our product (such as YouTube, Flickr, video conferencing, whiteboarding, etc.). We can’t be held responsible for the content of services or any issues that arise. Warranty and disclaimerRemind has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that Remind has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the Services; what Content you access via the Services; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. You release Remind from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. The Services may contain, or direct you to websites or services containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Remind makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and Remind will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services. Remind makes no representations, warranties, or conditions regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products (including Content provided by users) offered or purchased through the Services. Products and services purchased or offered (whether or not following such recommendations and suggestions) the Services are provided AS IS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FROM REMIND OR ANYONE ELSE. THE SERVICES, CONTENT, AND ANY SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.What this is sayingWe're here to help if there are issues, but there are no warranties relating to our Services or any products you access through Remind. Warranty and disclaimerRemind has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that Remind has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the Services; what Content you access via the Services; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. You release Remind from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. The Services may contain, or direct you to websites or services containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Remind makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and Remind will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services. Remind makes no representations, warranties, or conditions regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products (including Content provided by users) offered or purchased through the Services. Products and services purchased or offered (whether or not following such recommendations and suggestions) the Services are provided AS IS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FROM REMIND OR ANYONE ELSE. THE SERVICES, CONTENT, AND ANY SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Warranty and disclaimer Remind has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that Remind has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gains access to the Services; what Content you access via the Services; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. You release Remind from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. The Services may contain, or direct you to websites or services containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Remind makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and Remind will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services. Remind makes no representations, warranties, or conditions regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products (including Content provided by users) offered or purchased through the Services. Products and services purchased or offered (whether or not following such recommendations and suggestions) the Services are provided AS IS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FROM REMIND OR ANYONE ELSE. THE SERVICES, CONTENT, AND ANY SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, MERCHANTABLE QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. What this is sayingWe're here to help if there are issues, but there are no warranties relating to our Services or any products you access through Remind. We're here to help if there are issues, but there are no warranties relating to our Services or any products you access through Remind. IndemnityYou will indemnify, defend and hold Remind, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees harmless (including, without limitation, from all damages, liabilities, settlements, costs and attorneys' fees) from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to or use of the Services, your violation of this Agreement, or the infringement by you or any third party using your account of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity.What this is sayingPlease keep in mind that you are solely responsible for your use of Remind. If you don't follow these Terms of Service and/or cause harm to anyone, it's your responsibility to resolve. IndemnityYou will indemnify, defend and hold Remind, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees harmless (including, without limitation, from all damages, liabilities, settlements, costs and attorneys' fees) from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to or use of the Services, your violation of this Agreement, or the infringement by you or any third party using your account of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. Indemnity You will indemnify, defend and hold Remind, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees harmless (including, without limitation, from all damages, liabilities, settlements, costs and attorneys' fees) from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to or use of the Services, your violation of this Agreement, or the infringement by you or any third party using your account of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. What this is sayingPlease keep in mind that you are solely responsible for your use of Remind. If you don't follow these Terms of Service and/or cause harm to anyone, it's your responsibility to resolve. Please keep in mind that you are solely responsible for your use of Remind. If you don't follow these Terms of Service and/or cause harm to anyone, it's your responsibility to resolve. Limitation of liabilityTO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL REMIND OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY:FOR ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF $100 OR THE FEES PAID BY YOU TO REMIND HEREUNDER DURING THE 12-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM;FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER;FOR DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; ORFOR ANY MATTER BEYOND REMIND'S REASONABLE CONTROL.SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.What this is sayingRemind is a communication tool. While we are here to support you, we are not liable for anything that happens because of our service. Limitation of liabilityTO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL REMIND OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY:FOR ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF $100 OR THE FEES PAID BY YOU TO REMIND HEREUNDER DURING THE 12-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM;FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER;FOR DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; ORFOR ANY MATTER BEYOND REMIND'S REASONABLE CONTROL.SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Limitation of liability TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL REMIND OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY:FOR ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF $100 OR THE FEES PAID BY YOU TO REMIND HEREUNDER DURING THE 12-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM;FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER;FOR DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; ORFOR ANY MATTER BEYOND REMIND'S REASONABLE CONTROL.SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL REMIND OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR ITS SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY: SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. What this is sayingRemind is a communication tool. While we are here to support you, we are not liable for anything that happens because of our service. Remind is a communication tool. While we are here to support you, we are not liable for anything that happens because of our service. Termination Choice of law and arbitrationThis Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof, unless a state's laws explicitly require that any legal disputes are governed by the laws of that state. Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement will be finally settled in small claims court or by arbitration in San Francisco, California or in a location that is reasonably convenient for you, using the English language in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ("JAMS") then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who will be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS. If you cannot afford or otherwise do not want to pay arbitration filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees and cannot obtain a waiver of fees, we will consider in good faith any request by you for us to bear the cost of those fees. We will pay any administration fee, arbitration fees and fees and charges of attorneys, experts and witnesses if and to the extent we are required to pay such fees and charges by law or in order to make this arbitration provision enforceable. By agreeing to these terms, you acknowledge that you may not participate in a class action in court or in arbitration, either as a class representative, class member or class opponent. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU MAY NOT HAVE ACCESS TO A COURT (OTHER THAN A SMALL CLAIMS COURT) OR TO A JURY TRIAL. Judgment upon the award so rendered may be entered in a court having jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will have the right to institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator.What this is sayingWe want you to have a great experience on Remind. If you are dissatisfied with our Services, we will discuss in arbitration to resolve any issues. Choice of law and arbitrationThis Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof, unless a state's laws explicitly require that any legal disputes are governed by the laws of that state. Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement will be finally settled in small claims court or by arbitration in San Francisco, California or in a location that is reasonably convenient for you, using the English language in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ("JAMS") then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who will be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS. If you cannot afford or otherwise do not want to pay arbitration filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees and cannot obtain a waiver of fees, we will consider in good faith any request by you for us to bear the cost of those fees. We will pay any administration fee, arbitration fees and fees and charges of attorneys, experts and witnesses if and to the extent we are required to pay such fees and charges by law or in order to make this arbitration provision enforceable. By agreeing to these terms, you acknowledge that you may not participate in a class action in court or in arbitration, either as a class representative, class member or class opponent. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU MAY NOT HAVE ACCESS TO A COURT (OTHER THAN A SMALL CLAIMS COURT) OR TO A JURY TRIAL. Judgment upon the award so rendered may be entered in a court having jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will have the right to institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator. Choice of law and arbitration This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof, unless a state's laws explicitly require that any legal disputes are governed by the laws of that state. Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement will be finally settled in small claims court or by arbitration in San Francisco, California or in a location that is reasonably convenient for you, using the English language in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ("JAMS") then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who will be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with the Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS. If you cannot afford or otherwise do not want to pay arbitration filing, administrative, hearing and/or other fees and cannot obtain a waiver of fees, we will consider in good faith any request by you for us to bear the cost of those fees. We will pay any administration fee, arbitration fees and fees and charges of attorneys, experts and witnesses if and to the extent we are required to pay such fees and charges by law or in order to make this arbitration provision enforceable. By agreeing to these terms, you acknowledge that you may not participate in a class action in court or in arbitration, either as a class representative, class member or class opponent. ACCORDINGLY, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU MAY NOT HAVE ACCESS TO A COURT (OTHER THAN A SMALL CLAIMS COURT) OR TO A JURY TRIAL. Judgment upon the award so rendered may be entered in a court having jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party will have the right to institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator. What this is sayingWe want you to have a great experience on Remind. If you are dissatisfied with our Services, we will discuss in arbitration to resolve any issues. We want you to have a great experience on Remind. If you are dissatisfied with our Services, we will discuss in arbitration to resolve any issues. MiscellaneousThe failure of either party to exercise, in any respect, any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Remind will not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Remind's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Remind's prior written consent. Remind may transfer, assign or delegate this Agreement and its rights and obligations without consent. Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein. This Agreement and any subsequent versions of this Agreement posted to the Services will be deemed a writing signed by both parties. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Remind in any way whatsoever.It is the express wish of the parties that this Agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English. C’est la volonté expresse des parties que la présente convention ainsi que les documents qui s’y rattachent soient rédigés en anglaise Miscellaneous The failure of either party to exercise, in any respect, any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Remind will not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Remind's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Remind's prior written consent. Remind may transfer, assign or delegate this Agreement and its rights and obligations without consent. Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein. This Agreement and any subsequent versions of this Agreement posted to the Services will be deemed a writing signed by both parties. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Remind in any way whatsoever.It is the express wish of the parties that this Agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English. C’est la volonté expresse des parties que la présente convention ainsi que les documents qui s’y rattachent soient rédigés en anglaise The failure of either party to exercise, in any respect, any right provided for herein will not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Remind will not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Remind's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Remind's prior written consent. Remind may transfer, assign or delegate this Agreement and its rights and obligations without consent. Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein. This Agreement and any subsequent versions of this Agreement posted to the Services will be deemed a writing signed by both parties. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Remind in any way whatsoever. It is the express wish of the parties that this Agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English. C’est la volonté expresse des parties que la présente convention ainsi que les documents qui s’y rattachent soient rédigés en anglaise Updated November 10, 2023