Effective date: 17 October 2023 Comuto SA (whose registered office is at 84, avenue de la République, 75011 Paris, France) (“BlaBlaCar”, “we”, “our” or “us”), acting as data controller, is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This notice (the “Privacy Policy”) is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide via our platform accessible from the website www.blablacar.co.uk or our mobile applications (the “Platform“). We may collect and process the following data about you: You may give us information, including information that can identify you or passengers for whom you book seats (“Personal Data“), when you use our Platform, by filling in forms on the Platforms (such as the sign-up form), when you enter into any of our competitions, promotions or surveys, when you correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, and when you report a problem related to the use of our Platform. The information you give us may include: Mandatory information required to register for and for the provision of the service we provide on our Platform or to access other services provided by us, including your name, email address, date of birth, and a password. All these fields are mandatory for creating an account on our Platform. Additionally, your phone number is required for publishing or booking carpooling trips. When booking bus tickets, your email address and passenger information are also mandatory. BlaBlaCar will not be able to provide you with the services offered on our Platform if the required information is not provided or, if applicable, you will not be able to register for an user account on our Platform These information may include your trip preferences Location information, so that we can respond to your search for trips near you or facilitate the publication of your trip A copy of your Passport, Driving Licence, ID Card and such other similar documents that you agreed to provide to us within the context of Verified Profile. 2.2.1. If you sign up via social media authentication methods, BlaBlaCar will access certain Personal Data (e.g. first name, surname, picture and email) in your social media account pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions of these social media platforms. We may also collect some of your Personal Data when you interact with third party social media features, such as “Like” functions. 2.2.3. We also collect aggregated information regarding your activity on our Platform (such as the amount of rides offered, your message response rate, etc.). Such information may be published on your public profile, should you have one. 2.2.4. Finally, we collect information about you from our insurance partners or intermediary in connection with your request for eligibility for the insurance programs or your subscription to the insurance contracts proposed when we act as insurance representative. Finally, we collect information about you from our insurance partners or intermediary in connection with your request for eligibility for the insurance programs or your subscription to the insurance contracts proposed when we act as insurance representative. 2.3.1. Except regarding the categories of Personal Data mentioned in clauses 2.3.2 and 2.3.3 below, your Personal Data will be archived after the following retention periods: 2.3.2.The following categories of Personal Data may be stored for different durations: 2.3.3. In the event that your account is suspended or blocked, we will keep your data for a period of 2 or 10 years depending on the gravity of the breach in order to prevent you from circumventing the rules applying to our Platforms. 2.3.4. We may archive some of your Personal Data for a period that will not exceed five (5) years in order to comply with our legal obligations and to manage potential disputes. We will use the information we collect: PURPOSES LEGAL BASIS 3.1. to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us or you and our business partners and to provide you with the information and services that you requested; This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations. 3.2. to send you service-related information by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means (e.g. your booking confirmation); This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual obligations. This processing is carried out with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Community Relations service. This processing is carried out with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting your information in your profile or by contacting our Community Relations service. 3.5. to enable you to personalize your user profile on our Platform; 3.6. to enable you to communicate and interact with other members or with bus transport operators distributed on the Platform about our services or about the trips(s) you have/will do and/or to organise such trips; This processing is (i) necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, or (ii) necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to provide you a high quality customer support/to enhance our customer support). You can object to this processing during each contact. You can object to this processing during each contact. 3.9. to ensure compliance with (i) applicable laws, (ii) our Terms and Conditions, and (iii) our Privacy Policy. Certain breaches that we regard as inappropriate may lead to the suspension of your account on our Platform. For these purposes, we may use technologies to automatically analyse your use of the Platform, including the content of your publications, in order to detect any behaviour that may constitute a violation on your part; This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, (ii) based on our legitimate interest (to prevent any circumvention of the rules in effect on our Platform), in which case you have the right to object, or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. (ii) based on our legitimate interest (to prevent any circumvention of the rules in effect on our Platform), in which case you have the right to object, 3.10. to send you, by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means, in accordance with applicable laws and where required, with your consent, marketing materials and to make you suggestions and recommendations about goods or services related to our services that may interest you. We also use your data to target you in order to serve our ads on social media platforms or third-party sites, or to create exclusion lists for advertising messages. You can learn more about how these features work, and the data that we obtain about you, by visiting the relevant sections of the third party social media platforms or sites; or to create exclusion lists for advertising messages. This processing is (i) based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent to receive commercial prospecting at any time by modifying your preferences in your profile, clicking on the unsubscribe link provided in each of our communications, or contacting our Community Relations service; or (ii) based on our legitimate interest (providing you with relevant advertisements); in this case, you have the right to object. For more information, please refer to Article 6 – Targeted ads and our communications sent by e-mail and/or text messages. 3.11. to notify you, by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means, about changes to our services or accompanying you in the use of our services This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations or (iii) the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. 3.12. to verify the information contained in your Passport, Driving Licence, ID Card and other identity documents that may be collected from you at the time of registration or at any other time during your use of our Platform; This processing is carried out (i) based on your consent within the context of obtaining the Verified Profile badge (in this case, you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Community Relations service, (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations, or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. 3.13. to administer our Platforms and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research; This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. ensuring the security of our Platform and improving its features). 3.14. to monitor customer relations and in particular to carry out (by email or phone calls) satisfaction surveys and studies including polls, product tests and statistics; This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. evaluate our Platform and the services we provide in order to improve them). You can object to this processing when contacted. 3.15. to improve our Platform to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. providing you with meaningful content). 3.16. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so, such as searching for trips around you based on your location or publishing trips based on your location; or publishing trips based on your location This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations or (ii) based on your consent where required by law. In this case, you can withdraw your consent by disabling the access permissions directly in your phone’s operating system. This processing is based on (i) our legitimate interest (fighting against fraud and ensuring the security of our Platforms), (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations, or (iii) carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. This processing is based on (i) our legitimate interest (i.e. measuring and optimising the efficiency of our advertising campaigns) or (ii) your consent where required by law. (You can change your cookie settings at any time. You can adjust them by simply going to the cookie settings displayed in the footer of the page or in your BlaBlaCar account settings.) 4.1. When you use our services, some information about you is shared with the members of our communities or with bus transport operators distributed on our Platform, either on your public profile or during the booking process (e.g. we give your telephone number to the members with whom you will share a ride to facilitate the organization of your ride, your age is displayed on your public profile to help maintain a high level of trust among our members). When you use our services, some information about you is shared with the members of our communities or with bus transport operators distributed on our Platform, either on your public profile or during the booking process (e.g. we give your telephone number to the members with whom you will share a ride to facilitate the organization of your ride, your age is displayed on your public profile to help maintain a high level of trust among our members). 4.2. We may receive and send information about you, including your Personal Data, with other BlaBlaCar entities and affiliates, for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. 4.3.We may disclose information about you to courts, law enforcement agencies, government or public authorities, tax authorities, or authorized third parties, if and to the extent that we are required to do so by law or in a good faith we believe that it is reasonably necessary to (i) respond to claims asserted against BlaBlaCar, (ii) to comply with legal proceedings, (iii) to enforce any agreement with our members such as our Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy, (iv) in the event of an emergency involving the danger of public health, death or physical injury to a person (v) in the framework of investigation or (vi) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of BlaBlaCar, its members or others 4.4. We are also working closely with third parties which may be the recipients of your Personal Data such as: 4.5. We only share your Personal Data with any of these third parties mentioned in section 4.4 in the following cases: 4.6. In accordance with applicable law and where required with your consent (in this case you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Community Relations service), we may combine information about you, including your Personal Data and cookie information, we send to and receive from our business partners. We may only use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above. In accordance with applicable law and where required with your consent (in this case you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting our Community Relations service), we may combine information about you, including your Personal Data and cookie information, we send to and receive from our business partners. We may only use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above. 4.7. We draw your attention on the fact that if you decide to share your information, including Personal Data, with us through our business partners’ connecting services, any of our business partners’ privacy policies and/or notices may also be applicable to you, in addition to this Privacy Policy. We do not control the collection and/or the processing of your information eventually made by our business partners on their own platforms. 5.1. We may read the messages you exchange with other members of our community through our Platform for fraud prevention, service improvement, customer support purposes, enforcement of the contracts entered into with our members (such as our Terms and Conditions). For example, in order to prevent the circumventing of our online booking system, we may scan and analyse messages sent through our Platform to check that they do not include any contact details or references to other websites and, where applicable, messages can be blocked, or totally or partially filtered. 5.2. We never scan or analyse your messages with other members of our community for commercial and advertising purposes. We may use automated methods to carry out the moderation of these messages, but no automated individual decision-making is performed in this regard. In accordance with applicable laws and where required with your consent, we may use the information you give us on our Platform for electronic direct marketing purposes (e.g. (i) receiving our newsletters, (ii) receiving invitations to our events or other communications that we think may interest you or (ii) serving you with targeted advertising on social media platforms or third parties websites) based on your profile and interests. For electronic marketing communications: You can withdraw your consent at any time by (i) modifying your preferences in your profile, (ii) clicking on the unsubscribe link we provide in each communication sent to you, or (iii) contacting us using the contact details provided in section 13 below. You can withdraw your consent at any time by (i) modifying your preferences in your profile, (ii) clicking on the unsubscribe link we provide in each communication sent to you, or (iii) contacting us using the contact details provided in section 13 below. For targeted ads and content: In principle, we store the Personal Data that we hold about you in the European Union (“EU“). However, since for example some of our service providers are based in countries outside of the European Union (“third countries”), we also transfer some of your data to third countries. This may include third countries where the European Commission has not taken the decision that such third country ensures an adequate level of protection. In that case, we ensure that the transfer is performed in accordance with the applicable legislation and that appropriate safeguards have been put in place (especially standard contractual clauses as issued by the European Commission) in order to guarantee a sufficient level of protection of individuals’ private life and fundamental rights. 8.1. You are entitled to receive a copy of your personal data that is in our possession (your right of data access). 8.2. For processing activities carried out on the basis of your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time as described in Article 3. For processing activities carried out on the basis of your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time as described in Article 3. 8.3. You may request the deletion of personal data or the correction of inaccurate personal data (your right to erasure and rectification). Please note that we may keep certain information concerning you, as required by law, or when we have a legal basis to do so. For instance, if we believe you have committed fraud or violated our Terms and Conditions and we want to prevent you from circumventing the rules applicable to our community. 8.4. You have the right to object at any time (i) to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, or (ii) other processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interest (your right to object to processing). 8.5. You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data (your right to restriction of processing). Please note that this only applies if (i) you contested the accuracy of your personal data and we are verifying the accuracy of the personal data, (ii) you exercised your right to object and we are still considering, as foreseen by the applicable law, whether the legitimate reasons we are pursuing prevail over yours; or (iii) your personal data has been processed by us in an unlawful way and you request a restriction on their processing rather than erasure; or (iv) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of processing, but they are still necessary for you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. 8.6. You have the right to data portability, i.e. the right to receive the Personal Data you have provided us with, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit this data to another controller (your right to data portability). 8.7. You also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant data protection supervisory authority or to seek a remedy through the courts if you believe that your rights have been breached. 8.8. You have the right to establish directives regarding the fate of your Personal Data after your death. 8.9. To exercise your rights, please contact the Group Data Protection Officer using the contact details provided in section 13 below. Where you have chosen a password which enables you to access your account on our Platform, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Our Platform may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy practices and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any Personal Data to these websites. Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page. Where appropriate, we will notify you or seek your consent. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy. [email protected] —————- O —————— O ———————- Effective date: 21/09/2023 ————————– Effective date: 24/12/2021 This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations or carried out with your consent. This processing is (i) necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, (ii) carried out with your consent or (iii) necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. This processing is based on our legitimate interest (to provide you a high quality customer support/to enhance our customer support). This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, (ii) is based on your consent or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. 3.10. to send you, by email and/or text message and/or any other communication means, in accordance with applicable laws and where required, with your consent, marketing materials and to make you suggestions and recommendations about goods or services related to our services that may interest you. We also use your data to target you in order to serve our ads on social media platforms or third-party sites. You can learn more about how these features work, and the data that we obtain about you, by visiting the relevant sections of the third party social media platforms or sites; This processing is based on your consent where required by law or our legitimate interest (i.e. providing you with meaningful advertising). This processing is based on (i) your consent, (ii) carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, (iii) for compliance with our legal obligations, or (iv) our legitimate interest (i.e. providing you with meaningful information). In the latter case, You can object to this processing when contacted. 3.16. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so, such as searching for trips around you based on your location; This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations or (ii) based on your consent, where required by law. This processing is based on (i) our legitimate interest (ensuring the security of our Platform), (ii) carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or (iii) for compliance with our legal obligations. 4.1. When you use our services, some information about you is shared with the members of our communities or with bus transport operators distributed on our Platform, either on your public profile or during the booking process (e.g. we give your telephone number to the members with whom you will share a ride). 4.6. In accordance with applicable laws and where required with your consent, we may combine information about you, including your Personal Data and cookie information, we send to and receive from our business partners. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above. For electronic marketing communications: You can withdraw your consent at any time by (i) unticking the relevant box in your member account, (ii) clicking on the unsubscribe link we provide in each communication sent to your attention or (iii) contacting us using the contact details provided in section 13 below. 8.2 You may request the deletion of personal data or the correction of inaccurate personal data (your right to erasure and rectification). Please note that we may keep certain information concerning you, as required by law, or when we have a legal basis to do so. For instance, if we believe you have committed fraud or violated our Terms and Conditions and we want to prevent you from circumventing the rules applicable to our community. 8.3 You have the right to object at any time (i) to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, or (ii) other processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interest (your right to object to processing). 8.4 You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data (your right to restriction of processing). Please note that this only applies if (i) you contested the accuracy of your personal data and we are verifying the accuracy of the personal data, (ii) you exercised your right to object and we are still considering, as foreseen by the applicable law, whether the legitimate reasons we are pursuing prevail over yours; or (iii) your personal data has been processed by us in an unlawful way and you request a restriction on their processing rather than erasure; or (iv) we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of processing, but they are still necessary for you to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. 8.5 You have the right to data portability, i.e. the right to receive the Personal Data you have provided us with, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and the right to transmit this data to another controller (your right to data portability). 8.6. You also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant data protection supervisory authority or to seek a remedy through the courts if you believe that your rights have been breached. 8.7. To exercise your rights, please contact the Group Data Protection Officer using the contact details provided in section 13 below. Version dated 25 May 2018 You may give us information, including information that can identify you (“Personal Data“), when you use our Platforms, by filling in forms on the Platforms (such as the sign-up form), when you enter into any of our competitions, promotions or surveys, when you correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, and when you report a problem with our Platforms. 2.2.1. If you sign up via social media authentication methods, BlaBlaCar will access certain Personal Data (e.g. first name, surname, picture, email, number of Facebook friends, etc.) in your social media account pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions of these social media platforms. We may also collect some of your Personal Data when you interact with third party social media features, such as “Like” functions. 2.2.3. We also collect aggregated information regarding your activity on our Platform (such as the amount of rides offered, your message response rate, etc.). Such information may be published on your public profile on our Platform. 2.3.1. Except regarding the categories of Personal Data mentioned in clauses 2.3.2 and 2.3.3 below, your Personal Data will be stored for the duration of your relationship with us and then put beyond use: 2.3.3. In the event that your account is suspended or blocked, we will keep your data for a period of between 2 and 10 years in order to prevent you from circumventing the rules applying to our Platforms. 3.1. to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information and services that you requested from us; This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual obligations and/or carried out with your consent. 3.4. to enable you to personnalise your user profile on our Platforms; 3.5. to enable you to communicate and interact with other members about our services or about the trips(s) you have/will share with other members and/or to organise such trips; This processing is necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations and/or carried out with your consent. This processing is (i) necessary for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, (ii) carried out with your consent and/or (iii) necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. 3.7. to ensure compliance with (i) applicable laws, (ii) our Terms and Conditions, and (iii) our Privacy Notice. Certain breaches that we regard as inappropriate may lead to the suspension of your account; This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations and/or (iii) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. 3.8. to send you, in accordance with applicable laws and where required, with your consent, marketing materials and information necessary to facilitate the service or the booking process and to make you suggestions and recommendations about goods or services related to our services that may interest you. We also use your data to target you in order to serve our ads on social media platforms. You can learn more about how these features work, and the data that we obtain about you, by visiting the relevant sections of the third party social media platforms; and This processing is based on your consent and/or our legitimate interest (i.e. providing you with meaningful advertising). 3.9. to notify you about changes to our services; This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations, (ii) for compliance with our legal obligations and/or (iii) the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. 3.10. to verify the information contained in your Passport, Driving Licence, ID Card and other identity documents that may be collected from you at the time of registration or at any other time during your use of our Platforms; This processing is based on (i) your consent, (ii) carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and/or (iii) for compliance with our legal obligations. 3.11. to administer our Platforms and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, analytic and survey purposes; This processing is based on our legitimate interest (i.e. ensuring the security of our Platforms and improving its features). 3.12. to improve our Platforms to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; 3.13. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; This processing is necessary (i) for the performance of our mutual contractual obligations and/or (ii) based on your consent. This processing is based on (i) our legitimate interest (ensuring the security of our Platforms), (ii) carried out for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims and/or (iii) for compliance with our legal obligations. 4.1. When you use our services, some information about you is shared with the members of our communities, either on your public profile or during the booking process (e.g. we give your telephone number to the members with whom you will share a ride). 4.2. We may receive and send information about you, including your Personal Data, if you use any of the platforms we operate or from other BlaBlaCar entities and affiliates, for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice. 4.3. We are also working closely with third parties which may be the recipients of your Personal Data such as: 4.4. We only share your Personal Data with any of these third parties in the following cases: 4.5. In accordance with applicable laws and where required with your consent, we may combine information about you, including your Personal Data and cookie information, we send to and receive from our business partners. We may use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above. 4.6. We draw your attention on the fact that if you decide to share your information, including Personal Data, with us through our business partners’ connecting services, any of our business partners’ privacy policies and/or notices may also be applicable to you, in addition to this Privacy Notice. We do not control the collection and/or the processing of your information eventually made by our business partners on their own platforms. 5.1. We may review, scan, or analyse the messages you exchange with other members of our community through our Platforms for fraud prevention, service improvement, customer support purposes, enforcement of the contracts entered into with our members (such as our Terms and Conditions). For example, in order to prevent the circumventing of our online booking system, we may scan and analyse messages sent through our Platforms to check that they do not include any contact details or references to other websites. 5.2. We will never scan or analyse your messages with other members of our community for commercial and advertising purposes. We may use automated methods to carry out the moderation of these messages, but no automated individual decision-making is performed in this regard. In accordance with applicable laws and where required with your consent, we may use the information you give us on our Platforms for electronic direct marketing purposes (e.g. (i) receiving our newsletters, invitations to our events or other communications that we think may interest you or (ii) serving you with targeted advertising on social media platforms or third parties websites). For electronic marketing communications: You can withdraw your consent at any time by (i) unticking the relevant box in your member account, (ii) clicking on the unsubscribe link we provide in each BlaBlaCar communication sent to your attention or (iii) contacting us using the contact details provided in section 13 below. In principle, we store the Personal Data that we hold about you in the European Union (“EU“). However, since for example some of our service providers are based in countries outside of the European Union (“third countries”), we also transfer some of your data to third countries. This may include third countries where the European Commission has not taken the decision that such third country ensures an adequate level of protection (for example the United States). In that case, we ensure that the transfer is performed in accordance with the applicable legislation and that appropriate safeguards have been put in place (especially standard contractual clauses as issued by the European Commission) in order to guarantee a sufficient level of protection of individuals’ private life and fundamental rights. 8.2 You may request the deletion of personal data or the correction of inaccurate personal data (your right to erasure and rectification). Please note that we may keep certain information concerning you, as required by law, or when we have a legal basis to do so (e.g., our legitimate interest to keep the platform safe and secure for other users). 8.3 You have the right to object at any time (i) to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing, or (ii) to the processing of your personal data for other purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation (your right to object to processing). Please note that in the latter case, this right only applies if the processing of your personal data is based on our legitimate interest. 8.4 You have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data (your right to restriction of processing). Please note that this only applies if (i) you contested the accuracy of your personal data and we are verifying the accuracy of the personal data, (ii) you exercised your right to object and we are still considering, as foreseen by the applicable law, whether our legitimate grounds to process your personal data in that case override your interests, rights and freedoms; or (iii) your personal data has been processed by us in an unlawful way but you either oppose the erasure of the personal data or want us to keep your personal data in order to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim. 8.5 You have the right to receive and/or have us transfer to another data controller a subset of personal data, that concern you and that you provided us with, and which we process for the performance of our contract or because you previously consented to it, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (your right to data portability). 8.6 To exercise your rights, please contact the Group Data Protection Officer (see under Artticle 13). Where you have chosen a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Platforms, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. Our Platforms may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy practices and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any Personal Data to these websites. Any changes we may make to our Privacy Notice in the future will be posted on this page. Where appropriate, we will notify you or seek your consent. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Notice. If at any time you would like to contact us with your views about our privacy practices, or with any enquiry relating to your Personal Data, please use one of the following means: