United States | 日本 SmartNews Privacy Policy Last Updated: September 1, 2023 Introduction Protecting your privacy is very important to SmartNews. Our mission is delivering the world’s quality information to the people who need it and this should not come at the price of your privacy. Scope Accordingly, we’re providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive when you use our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time that information is collected. Updates to this Privacy Policy We may modify and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or take other actions as required by applicable law, and we’ll indicate when those changes will become effective. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service. Information We Collect To provide our Services, we collect: Information Provided by You or Collected with Your Permission Information Related to Your Use of the Services Information from our Partners Information Provided by You or Collected with Your Permission. User Data: We may collect demographic data and information about your interests to help us understand what content you might be interested in. When you set up your own account or otherwise interact with our Services, we may also collect certain personal information that can be used to identify you, which may include your name, your e-mail address, your profile image and other information. SNS Data: We may allow you to use certain social networking services ("SNS") via the Services and may collect information about you from that SNS that you have made available via your privacy settings. For example, if you link your Twitter account to SmartNews and let us know that you want to see what news stories the people you follow on Twitter are sharing, the links to these news stories will be sent to you via our Services. Please refer to the privacy policy for the SNS you use for more information on how your information will be shared by the SNS and information available on your SNS accounts. Interactive Features: We may offer interactive features, including features that let you submit User Content. We and other individuals who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through our interactive features. Any information shared on the public sections of these channels will be considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. Survey Data: We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information that may include personal information. Information Related to Your Use of the Services Device Data: We and third parties we work with may automatically collect certain data about the device you use to access our Services. This data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, mobile advertising identifiers (Google Advertising ID or Apple Advertising ID) and other unique identifiers, cookie identifiers, model name, operating system, country code, app version, and other user settings and preferences. Activity Data: We automatically collect certain data about your activities on our Services, including the pages, content or features of our Services you browse and the time you spend on those pages, content or features, the hyper-links from the contents displayed on our Services that you click on, referrer information and other information about how you use our Services. Location Data: You may, by your own choice, provide us with your location data such as your postal code, city and state information, or GPS location in order for us to display the weather, the local news and the local advertisements to you. In addition, we may also infer your location based on your IP address and use various other technologies to determine your approximate location, such as sensor data from your device that provides information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. Information from Our Partners. Third-Party Partners: We may receive your information from our partners, such as publishers, advertisers, and third-party data providers. Our partners may provide demographic data and information about your activities and interests off our services, including information about your device, device identifiers, your precise or approximate location, websites and advertisements you interact with, your browsing patterns, and information about how you use our partner’s services. How Do We Use Information? Our primary purpose for collecting and using information is to deliver quality Content to you, our users. We also collect and use your information for a variety of business purposes, including: To Provide the Services or Information Requested To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research For Customer Support For Advertising Purposes For Administrative or Legal Purposes To Provide the Services or Information Requested. This includes using your information to: Fulfill our contract with you; Tailor and deliver Content curated according to your interests which we infer from the data we collect; Provide access to certain functionalities, and features of our Services, such as the local news feature and the weather forecast feature; Create and update your account; and Manage your information. To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research. This includes using your information to: Measure interest and engagement in the Services; Pursue our legitimate interests, such as research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention; Improve our products and Services; Develop new products and services; and Carry out analytics. For example, we may use personal information and other data to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. For Customer Support. This includes using your information to: Respond to questions, comments, and other requests from you; Investigate and answer requests for customer or technical support; and Communicate with you about activities on the Services and changes to our Terms of Service. For Advertising Purposes. This includes using your information to: Tailor and provide personalized advertisements with you. We and our third-party partners may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. Engage in cross device tracking, which helps us to track your browsing activity across different websites, devices and/or apps. For example, we may attempt to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your tablet. To do this, our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns, geo-location and device identifiers, and will match the information of the browser and/or devices that appear to be used by the same user. For Administrative or Legal Purposes. This includes using your information to: Ensure internal quality control and safety; Verify individual identity to respond to certain requests or claims; Carry out audits; Prevent and prosecute potentially prohibited or illegal activities; Enforce our agreements; and Comply with our legal obligations. For example, we may disclose your information to certain government entities regarding certain claims or disputes relating to use of our Services. What Information Do We Share With Third Parties? We may share the information that we have collected from you: With Our Advertising Partners With Our Service Providers With Your Consent or at Your Request With Affiliates For Legal Reasons In Connection with Business Transactions Information Shared with Our Advertising Partners. We may engage third party advertising partners to collect information and serve advertising on and through the Services. When you use our Services, these third-party advertising partners may collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, mobile device identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit our Services and third-party services within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” If you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below. Information Shared with Our Media Partners. We have a number of media partners to provide quality content for the provision of the Services. To enable them to improve their content, we may provide the media partners with statistical information that does not identify individual users, such as demographic data and the number of page views of those who view each content. Information Shared with Our Service Providers. We may engage third party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. The types of service providers to whom we entrust information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) analytics; (iv) marketing and advertising; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision of IT and related services. For example, we use MailChimp to send you correspondence regarding our Services, including, without limitation, our promotional newsletters and e-mails. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/. We also use analytics services from Google including Google Analytics for Firebase to collect analytics information on the Services. Additionally, we use YouTube’s API Client in order to understand the content of YouTube videos to improve how we offer the Services to you. For more information about Google’s processing of your information, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information on our website, please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Information We Disclose with Your Consent or at Your Request. We may share your information with third parties if you provide us with your consent or if you have expressly requested that we share your information. Information Shared with Affiliates. We may outsource the handling of personal information to our affiliated companies in accordance with applicable law. Information Disclosed for Legal Reasons. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. Information Shared in Connection with Business Transactions. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. Cookies and Third-Party Technologies Cookies and Pixel Tags. We may use cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. Our use of cookies and similar technologies falls into the following general categories: (i) operationally necessary; (ii) performance-related; (iii) functionality-related; and (iv) advertising-related. Software Development Kits. We may use third party software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our App. SDKs typically collect your mobile device identifier and information related to your use of the Services. SDKs may allow third parties including analytics and advertising partners to collect your information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and personalized advertising. For more information about the SDKs we use, please contact us as set forth below. Your Choices General. You may have the right to opt out of certain uses of your information. Email Communications. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy). Mobile Devices. We may send you push notifications through our App. You may opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. We may also collect precise location information if you enable such collection via our App. You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device. Personalized Advertising. If you would like to opt-out of the advertising and other similar technologies (e.g., cookies) we employ on the Services, you may do so by blocking, disabling, or deleting them as your browser or device permits, including by following the steps set forth below. Please note that you can opt out of personalized advertising (i.e., targeted advertising), but you will continue to see non-personalized online advertising on the Services and/or other digital properties. To limit ad tracking by Apple, Google, or other mobile operating systems: please follow the instructions for Android, iOS, and others. Other operating systems for mobile devices may also provide instructions on how to prevent the delivery of personalized advertisements. To opt-out of the personalized advertising by certain third parties: please opt-out of personalized advertisement using your account settings on each applicable service. If you do not have any account on a certain service, you likely will not see any personalized advertisements from that service. https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/ The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from advertisers that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at https://optout.networkadvertising.org/, https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ and https://optout.aboutads.info/. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications and you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device. “Do Not Track.” Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers when you visit our website. Individual Rights in Personal Information In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information; obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details; receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); change, update, or correct your personal information; withdraw your consent to process your personal information; request that we restrict or limit our use of your personal information; request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you; request erasure of personal information held about you by SmartNews; object to our processing of your personal information; and appeal our decision to decline to process your request. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, visit the "Settings" menu in our mobile application. Once you are in the Settings menu, click "Help Center." Once you are in the Help Center, the Help Center has a form for receiving inquiries. Please fill out the form with your inquiry or request. Please specify the nature of your request in the email you send. There is also a function in the Settings menu to delete or opt out of sharing your personal information with third parties that is used to provide account features and news feeds (see here for details). If you have any questions, please contact us as set forth below. Please note that there may be technical limitations that prevent us from fulfilling certain requests. We may carry out deletion requests by de-identifying and/or anonymizing information such that it is no longer personal information. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, SmartNews will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. In order to verify your request, we use an identifier that is unique to your device that has been assigned by our App. If you submit a request in accordance with the instructions listed above, we will automatically receive the identifier. If we do not receive this identifier when you make a request, we will not be able to verify your identity and will deny your request. If applicable laws grant you an appeal right and you would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal. How Long Do We Retain Your Information? We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. Supplemental Notice for California Residents This Supplemental Notice for California Residents only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) (“CCPA”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information SmartNews has collected about them, whether SmartNews disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider), whether SmartNews “sold” that personal information, and whether SmartNews “shared” that personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below: Category of Personal Information Collected by SmartNews Category of Third Parties To Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose Category of Third Parties Personal Information To Whom Personal Information is Sold and/or Shared Identifiers Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) Our affiliates Service providers N/A Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Commercial information Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Internet or other electronic network activity Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Geolocation data Our affiliates Service providers N/A Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Personal information that reveals a consumer’s precise geolocation Our affiliates Service providers N/A The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using and disclosing personal information are set forth above in “Information We Collect”, “How Do We Use Information?” and “What Information Do We Share With Third Parties?”, respectively. We will retain personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth above in “How Long Do We Retain Your Information?”. The purposes for which we “sell” personal information and “share” personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” are to provide personalized content (including advertising), measure and analyze performance, improve the services we provide, and detect illegal or harmful activities. Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents Right to Opt-Out of “Sales” and “Sharing” for “Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising”. California residents have the right to opt-out of the “sale” of their personal information and the “sharing” of their personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising.” California residents can exercise these rights in the Settings menu of the SmartNews mobile application. Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. California residents have the right to limit our use and disclosure of their “sensitive personal information.” California residents may do this by disabling our collection of precise geo-location via their device settings. Disclosure Regarding Individuals Under the Age of 16. SmartNews does not have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. SmartNews does not have actual knowledge of any “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for “cross-context behavioral advertising.” Verification Process. We will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests submitted under the CCPA. As part of this process, we require that you follow the prescribed procedures to verify your identity unless the CCPA requires otherwise: If you have your account, we will request you to provide your account name and your email address of your account, and a device token obtained from the Settings menu of the Services, or to log in to the Services via your account. However, for requests for the disclosure of specific pieces of personal information, we will request the submission of three documents (driver's license, health insurance card, passport, utility bill payment document, etc.) that can verify your personal information, along with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the person in possession of the personal information. If you do not have your account, we will request you to provide multiple pieces of information that are known only to you (e.g., device tokens, recently viewed articles, locations where you have used our application, etc.) or sending a push notification to your device and requesting a response. However, for requests for the disclosure of specific pieces of personal information, we will also request you to follow the same procedure as set forth in (1) above. Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA. Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent and exercise any rights, please contact us as set forth below. Our Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information If your personal information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation or other related legislation, our processing of your personal information is supported by the following lawful bases: Performance of a Contract (i.e., to Provide Our Services to You) Legitimate Interest Consent For Compliance with Legal Obligations To Provide the Services or Information Requested ✔ ✔ ✔ To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research ✔ ✔ ✔ For Customer Support ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ For Advertising Purposes ✔ ✔ For Administrative or Legal Purposes ✔ ✔ ✔ Links to Other Services Our Services may contain links to other websites and services, including News Content. Any information that you provide on or to or that is collected by a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access. Visiting these other websites or services is at your own risk. International Transfer Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computing equipment located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction including, but not limited to, Japan, the United States of America, or other countries, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. Our Policy Toward Children Our Services are not directed to children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 16 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. Questions? Please contact us at privacy@smartnews.com if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy. If you have a question about the SmartNews App, please contact us via inApp SmartNews Help Center. SmartNews, Inc.144 2nd St, San Francisco, CA 94105Co-Founder and CEO Ken Suzuki Last modified: September 1, 2023 January 31, 2023 March 18, 2022 November 1, 2020 October 1, 2014 United States | 日本 SmartNewsプライバシーポリシー 最終更新日：2023年9月1日 はじめに SmartNewsは、利用者のプライバシーを保護することを重視しています。私たちのミッションは、世界中の良質な情報を必要な人に送り届けることであり、そのミッションは利用者のプライバシーを犠牲にして達成されるべきではありません。 適用範囲 SmartNewsプライバシーポリシー（以下「本ポリシー」といいます）は、スマートニュース株式会社（以下「当社」といいます）がどのような情報を取得し、それをどのように使用し、共有し、開示するかを説明するものです。 本ポリシーは、SmartNews のブランド、製品、アプリケーション、ウェブサイト及びサービスのうち、個別のプライバシーポリシーを持たないか、本ポリシーにリンクしているものすべて（以下「本サービス」といいます）に適用されます。 本ポリシーは、第三者が提供するサービス（本サービスを通じて表示され又は本サービスからリンクしている記事、コンテンツ、サイトを含みます）には適用されません。 当社が取り扱うすべての情報は、情報が取り扱われる時点で有効な本ポリシーに準拠するものとします。 本ポリシーの変更 当社は、本ポリシーを随時変更し、改訂することがあります。当社が本ポリシーに重大な変更を加えた場合、当社は、本サービス上に掲載するか、又は適用法により要求されるその他の措置を取ることにより、これをユーザに通知し、変更が有効になる時期を示すものとします。なお、本ポリシーで使用されている用語は、本ポリシーで別途定義されていない限り、本サービスの利用規約と同じ意味を持つものとします。 取得する情報 当社は、本サービスの提供のため、本サービスの利用者（以下「ユーザ」といいます）から以下の情報を収集します。 ユーザから提供を受けた情報又はユーザの許可を得て取得した情報 ユーザの本サービス利用に関する情報 外部パートナーからの情報 ユーザから提供を受けた情報又はユーザの許可を得て取得した情報 ユーザに関する情報：当社は、ユーザがどのようなコンテンツに興味があるかを理解するため、ユーザの属性や興味関心に関する情報を取得することがあります。また、ユーザがご自身のアカウントを設定したり、その他の方法で本サービスを利用する際、当社は特定のユーザを識別しうる情報（氏名、メールアドレス、プロフィール画像その他の情報）を取得することがあります。 SNSに関する情報：当社は、ユーザが本サービスを通じて特定のソーシャル・ネットワーキング・サービス（以下「SNS」といいます）を利用することを許可する場合があり、ユーザがプライバシー設定を通じて利用可能にしたSNSからユーザに関する情報を取得する場合があります。例えば、ユーザがユーザのTwitterアカウントを本サービスにリンクし、ユーザがTwitterでフォローしている人たちがどのようなニュースを共有しているかを知りたい場合、これらのニュースへのリンクが本サービスを通じてユーザに送信されます。 ユーザの情報がSNSでどのように共有されるか、また、ユーザのSNSアカウントで利用可能な情報については、ご利用のSNSのプライバシーポリシーをご確認ください。 インタラクティブな機能に基づく情報：当社は、ユーザがユーザコンテンツを送信できる機能を含むインタラクティブな機能を提供する場合があります。当社及び本サービスを利用する他のユーザは、当社のインタラクティブな機能を通じてユーザが送信した情報又は利用可能にした情報を取得することがあります。これらの機能で公開された情報は、本ポリシーで言及されているプライバシー保護の対象とはなりません。 調査に関する情報：当社は、当社による調査に参加していただくためユーザに連絡することがあります。ユーザが当該調査に参加する場合、個人情報を含む特定の情報の提供を求められることがあります。 ユーザの本サービス利用に関する情報 端末情報：当社及び当社が提携する第三者は、ユーザが本サービスにアクセスするために使用する端末に関する情報を自動的に収集することがあります。この情報には、ユーザのインターネットプロトコル（IP）アドレス、端末別の広告識別子（Google Advertising ID又はApple Advertising ID）その他の端末識別子、クッキー情報、端末名、オペレーティングシステム、国コード、アプリのバージョン、及びその他のユーザ設定情報が含まれる場合があります。 行動データ：当社は本サービス上でのユーザの行動に関する一定のデータを自動的に取得します。これには、ユーザが閲覧した本サービスのページ、コンテンツ又は機能、それらのページ、コンテンツ又は機能を使用した時間、ユーザがクリックした本サービスに表示されているコンテンツからのハイパーリンク、リファラに関する情報など、ユーザが本サービスをどのように利用しているかに関する情報が含まれます。 位置情報：ユーザは、ご自身の選択により、天気やローカルニュース、ローカル広告を表示するため、当社に対し郵便番号や市区町村情報、GPS情報などの位置情報を提供することができます。さらに、当社は、ユーザのIPアドレスに基づいてユーザの位置を推測したり、ユーザの端末からのセンサーデータによる近くのWi-Fiアクセスポイントやセルタワーの情報が提供されるものなど、他の様々な技術を使用してユーザの位置を推測することがあります。 外部パートナーからの情報 外部パートナーからの情報：当社は、媒体社、広告主、データプロバイダなどのパートナーからユーザの情報を受け取ることがあります。当社のパートナーは、ユーザの端末に関する情報、端末識別子、ユーザの位置情報、ユーザが利用するウェブサイトや広告、ユーザの閲覧パターン、ユーザが当社のパートナーのサービスをどのように利用しているかに関する情報を含む、本サービス外におけるユーザの行動や属性、興味関心に関する情報を当社に提供することがあります。 取得した情報の利用目的 当社が情報を取り扱う主な目的は、良質な情報をユーザに提供することにあります。当社は、以下のような様々な業務目的のためにユーザの情報を取り扱います。 サービスや情報の提供のため パフォーマンスの測定と調査の実施のため カスタマーサポートのため 広告提供のため 管理運営上又は法律上の目的のため サービスや情報の提供のため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 ユーザとの契約を履行するため 当社が取得したデータから推測されたユーザの興味関心に合わせて、コンテンツをカスタマイズして提供するため ローカルニュース機能や天気予報機能など、本サービスの特定の機能へのアクセスを提供するため ユーザのアカウントの作成と更新のため ユーザの情報の管理のため パフォーマンスの測定と調査の実施のため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 本サービスにおける興味関心と滞在時間等の利用状況を測定するため 研究開発（マーケティング調査を含む）、ネットワークセキュリティ及び情報セキュリティ、不正行為防止など、当社の正当な利益を追求するため 当社の製品や本サービスを改善するため 新製品やサービスを開発するため 一定の分析を実施するため。例えば、個人情報やその他のデータを使用して、非識別化された人口統計情報、非識別化された位置情報、ユーザが本サービスにアクセスしたコンピュータや端末に関する情報その他の分析情報など、非識別化された統計情報を作成することがあります。 カスタマーサポートのため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 ユーザからのご質問、ご意見、その他のご要望にお応えするため ユーザや技術サポートのための要望を調査し、お応えするため 本サービス上での行動や利用規約の変更について、ユーザと連絡を取り合うため 広告提供のため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 ユーザにパーソナライズされた広告を提供するため。当社及び当社のパートナーは、適用される法令の許容する範囲で、パーソナライズされた広告を提供することがあります。 クロスデバイストラッキングを行うことで、異なるウェブサイト、端末、又はアプリでのユーザの閲覧履歴を照合するため。例えば、当社は、ユーザのモバイル端末での閲覧履歴と、ユーザのタブレット端末での閲覧履歴を照合しようとすることがあります。これを行うために、当社のパートナーは、ユーザの行動パターン、位置情報、端末識別子などのデータを共有することがあり、同じユーザが使用していると思われるブラウザ又は端末の情報を照合します。 管理運営上又は法律上の目的のため 品質管理と安全性の確保のため 特定のご依頼やご請求に対応するための本人確認のため 監査の実施のため 禁止行為や不正違法の可能性のある行為を防止し、通報するため 契約の履行のため 当社の法的義務を遵守するため。例えば、当社は、本サービスの利用に関連する特定のクレームや紛争に関して、特定の司法又は行政機関にユーザの情報を開示することがあります。 情報の共有 当社は、以下のような場合において、ユーザから収集した情報を共有することがあります。 広告に関するパートナーと共有する場合 サービスプロバイダと情報を共有する場合 ユーザの同意を得た場合又はユーザの要求がある場合 関連会社と共有する場合 法律上定められた場合 事業承継等に関連する場合 広告に関するパートナーと共有する場合 当社は、本サービス上及び本サービスを通じて情報を取得し、広告を提供するために、広告に関するパートナー（以下「広告パートナー」といいます）と連携することがあります。ユーザが本サービスを利用する際、これらの広告パートナーは、ユーザの行動及びユーザの端末に関する情報を取得することがあります（例：ユーザのIPアドレス、端末識別子、訪問したページ、場所、時間帯）。これらの広告パートナーは、ユーザが本サービス及び当該広告パートナーがネットワークを持つ他のサービスにアクセスした際に、ユーザにパーソナライズされた広告を配信する目的で、当該情報（及び他のサービスから収集した同様の情報）を使用することがあります。このプラクティスは、一般的に「インタレストベース広告」又は「パーソナライズされた広告」と呼ばれています。 ユーザの個人情報を第三者の広告パートナーと共有したくない場合は、後述する方法に従ってください。 メディアパートナーと共有する場合 当社は、本サービスの提供のために、多数のメディアパートナーと契約を締結し、良質なコンテンツの提供を受けています。当社は、メディアパートナーに対し、より良いコンテンツ作成のために、ユーザ個人を特定しない統計情報として、各コンテンツの閲覧に関する属性情報や閲覧件数等のデータを提供することがあります。 サービスプロバイダと情報を共有する場合 当社は、本サービスの提供及び管理のために、サービスプロバイダと契約することがあります。当社が情報の取扱いを委託するサービスプロバイダの種類には、以下のものが含まれます。(i)本サービスの提供のためのもの、(ii)ユーザが要求した情報、機能その他のサービスの提供のためのもの、(iii)分析のためのもの、(iv)マーケティング及び広告のためのもの、(v)カスタマーサービスのためのもの、(vi)IT関連サービスの提供のためのもの。 例えば、当社はMailChimpを使用して、本サービスに関する通知（当社のニュースレターや電子メールを含みますがこれらに限定されません）をユーザに送信しています。詳細については、MailChimpのプライバシーポリシー（https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/）をご覧ください。 また、Google Analytics for Firebaseを含むGoogleの分析サービスを利用して、本サービスの分析情報を取得しています。さらに、コンテンツ内のYouTube動画の提供のためにYouTube APIを利用しています。Googleによるユーザの情報の取扱いについての詳細は、Googleのプライバシーポリシー（https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites）をご覧ください。Google Analyticsによる当社ウェブサイト上でのユーザの情報の取扱いをオプトアウトする方法の詳細については、https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout をご覧ください。 ユーザの同意を得た場合又はユーザの要求がある場合 当社は、ユーザから同意を得た場合、又は当社がユーザの情報を共有することをユーザ自身が明示的に要求した場合には、ユーザの情報を第三者と共有することがあります。 関連会社に取扱いを委託する場合 当社は、適用法令を遵守した上で、当社のグループ会社に対し個人に関する情報の取扱いを委託することがあります。 法律上定められた場合 当社は、司法機関、行政機関、又は民間団体と協力して、法律を執行し、遵守します。当社は、当社の裁量で、次に掲げる事由のため必要又は適切と考える場合には、法令に基づき、司法機関、行政機関又は民間団体にユーザに関する情報を開示することがあります。(i)請求、法的手続き（召喚状を含む）に対応するため、(ii)当社の財産、権利、安全、及び第三者又は一般の公衆の財産、権利、安全を保護するため、及び(iii) 当社が違法、非倫理的又は法的措置をとることが可能と当社が判断する活動を防ぐため。 事業承継等に関連する場合 当社が合併、買収、資金調達のためのデューデリジェンス、組織再編、破産、管財、資産の購入あるいは売却、又は他の事業者へのサービスの移行に関与している場合、ユーザの情報は、法律又は契約で認められる範囲で、当該取引の一環として共有されることがあります。 クッキー等の利用 クッキーとピクセルタグ等 当社は、クッキー、ピクセルタグ、その他の同様の技術を使用することがあります。クッキーは、端末のブラウザに配置される小さなテキストファイルで、設定を保存し、ユーザの体験を容易にし、向上させます。ピクセルタグ（ウェブビーコンとしても知られています）は、本サービスに埋め込まれたコードの一部で、本サービスでの利用に関する情報を取得します。また、当社では、メッセージが開封されたかどうか、操作されたかどうか、転送されたかどうかを把握するために、電子メールにウェブビーコンを含めることがあります。 当社によるクッキー及び類似技術の使用は、以下の一般的なカテゴリーに分類されます。(i) 本サービスの運用上必要なもの、(ii)本サービスのパフォーマンスに関連するもの、(iii)本サービスの機能に関連するもの、(iv)広告に関連するもの。 ソフトウェア開発キット 当社は、本サービスの機能の一部として、第三者のソフトウェア開発キット（以下「SDK」といいます）を使用する場合があります。SDKは通常、ユーザの端末識別子とユーザの本サービスの利用に関連する情報を取得します。SDKは、分析サービスやパーソナライズされた広告の提供を含む様々な目的で、分析や広告のためのパートナーを含む第三者にユーザの情報を送信する場合があります。当社が使用するSDKの詳細については、後述するとおり当社にお問い合わせください。 個人設定が可能なもの 概要 ユーザは、ユーザの情報に関して特定の使用方法を停止することができる場合があります。 メールによるコミュニケーション 当社からの不要な電子メールを受信した場合は、電子メールの下部にある配信停止リンクを使用して、今後の電子メールの配信を停止することができます。ユーザが要求した本サービスに関する電子メールは引き続き配信されます。当社はまた、当社及び本サービスに関する特定の非宣伝的な通知（本サービスに関する通信、当社の利用規約又は本ポリシーの更新など）をユーザに送信することがありますが、ユーザはこれらの配信を停止することはできません。 モバイル端末の設定 当社は、当社のアプリを通じてプッシュ通知を送信することがあります。ユーザは、モバイル端末の設定を変更することにより、これらの通知を停止することができます。また、ユーザが当社のアプリを介して正確な位置情報の取得を有効にしている場合、当社はこれを取得することがあります。ユーザは、モバイル端末の設定を変更することにより、位置情報の利用を停止することができます。 パーソナライズされた広告 本サービス上で当社が採用する広告技術及び類似技術（例：クッキー）の利用を停止したい場合は、ユーザのブラウザや端末において、それらをブロック、無効化、又は削除することで停止することができます。また、以下の手順に従うことでもこれを停止することができます。なお、これによりパーソナライズされた広告を停止することはできますが、本サービス上にはパーソナライズされていないオンライン広告が引き続き表示されます。 SmartNewsが直接提供するパーソナライズされた広告を停止する場合： 表示される広告を長押しして「SmartNews Adsについて」を押してください。次のページに、本サービス上のパーソナライズされた広告を停止するためのリンクが表示されます。 Apple、Google、その他のモバイルOSの設定により広告を制限する場合： Android、iOSなどの指示に従ってください。また、その他のモバイル端末向けOSでは、パーソナライズされた広告の配信を停止する方法が記載されている場合があります。 SmartNews以外の第三者がSmartNewsアプリ上で提供するパーソナライズされた広告を停止する場合： 各サービスのアカウント設定でパーソナライズされた広告を停止してください。特定のサービスにアカウントを持っていない場合は、そのサービスからパーソナライズされた広告は表示されない可能性が高いです。 https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/ オンライン広告業界では、自主規制プログラムに参加している広告主からのターゲティング広告の受信を停止できるウェブサイトも以下のように提供されています。これらのウェブサイトにアクセスすれば、ターゲット広告や消費者の選択とプライバシーについての詳細をご覧いただけます。 https://optout.networkadvertising.org/ https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ https://optout.aboutads.info/ クッキー関連の停止はモバイルアプリケーションでは有効ではなく、各ブラウザと各端末で個別に停止する必要があることに注意してください。 個人情報に関する諸権利 適用される法令に基づき、ユーザは以下の権利を有することがあります。 当社によるユーザの個人情報の処理の有無を確認する権利 ユーザの個人情報にアクセスする権利、及びそれに付随する詳細な情報のコピーを取得する権利 ユーザが当社に提供した個人情報の電子コピーを受け取る、又はその情報を他社に送信するよう当社に依頼する権利（「データポータビリティの権利」） ユーザの個人情報を変更、更新、又は訂正する権利 個人情報の取扱いへの同意を撤回する権利 個人情報の利用を制限することを要求する権利 当社がユーザの個人情報をターゲティング広告（適用法によって定義されます）等の目的で取り扱う場合に、そのオプトアウト（停止）を要求する権利 当社が保有するユーザの個人情報の消去を要求する権利 当社によるユーザの個人情報の取扱いに異議を唱える権利 ユーザの要求を拒否する当社の決定に異議を唱える権利 これらの権利を行使したい場合は、SmartNewsアプリの「設定」メニューにアクセスしてください。次に、設定メニューから「ヘルプセンター」をクリックしてください。ヘルプセンターでは、お問い合わせを受け付けるためのフォームが用意されております。フォームに要求の内容を明記してください。また設定メニュー内には、アカウント機能やニュースフィードの提供に用いられている個人に関する情報を削除するための機能も備えております（詳細はこちら）。ご不明な点がございましたら、最下部記載のお問い合わせ先までご連絡ください。なお、技術的な制限により、ご要望にお応えできない場合がありますので、あらかじめご了承ください。当社は、個人情報を特定できないようにしたり、匿名化したりすることで、情報の削除の要求に対応することがあります。 これらの権利の行使は、適用される法令に基づいて処理されます。当社は、ユーザのプライバシーを保護するために、ユーザからのご依頼に応じる前に、ユーザご本人であることを確認させていただきます。 ユーザの要求を確認するために、当社は、当社のアプリによって割り当てられたユーザのデバイスに固有の識別子を使用します。ユーザが上記の指示に従って要求を送信した場合、当社は自動的にこの識別子を受信します。ユーザが要求を行う際にこの識別子を受信しない場合、当社はユーザの身元を確認することができず、ユーザの要求にお応えできない場合があります。 適用法によってユーザに異議申立権が認められており、ユーザが自身の要求に関する当社の決定に対して異議を申し立てたい場合、ユーザはその旨を当社に通知し、ユーザの異議を裏付ける情報を当社に提供することにより、異議を申し立てることができます。 情報の保有期間 当社は、ユーザが本サービスを利用している間、又は取得した目的を達成し、本サービスを提供し、紛争を解決し、法的防御方法を確立し、正当な事業上の利益を追求し、当社の契約を履行し、及び適用される法令を遵守するために必要な限り、本ポリシーに記載されているように当社が取得した個人に関する情報を保存します。 情報の管理 当社は、ユーザから取得した、又はユーザについて取得した情報を、不正なアクセス、使用、又は漏洩から保護するために、合理的な措置を講じます。具体的には、ユーザデータの取扱いに関する統一的な規程・マニュアルを整備し、ユーザデータのライフサイクルに応じて遵守すべきポリシーと具体的な取扱方法を定めています。これを当社のアプリの開発に関わる全てのグループ会社間で共有し、定期的な研修を実施するとともに、専門の部署による定期監査を実施しています。 本サービスを使用するか、又は当社に個人に関する情報を提供することにより、ユーザは、当社がユーザの本サービスの使用に関連するセキュリティ、プライバシー、及び管理上の問題に関して、当社がユーザと電磁的方法により通信することに同意するものとします。当社がセキュリティシステムの違反を覚知した場合、当社は、本サービス上に通知を掲示する方法、ユーザに電子メールを送信する方法その他の電磁的方法により、ユーザに通知することがあります。 他のサービスへのリンク 本サービスには、ニュースコンテンツを含む他のウェブサイトやサービスへのリンクが含まれている場合があります。第三者のウェブサイトやサービスで提供され、又は第三者により取得された情報は、当該ウェブサイトやサービスの所有者に直接提供され、当該第三者のプライバシーポリシーの対象となります。本ポリシーは、そのようなウェブサイトやサービスには適用されず、当社は、それらのウェブサイトやサービスのコンテンツ、プライバシー、又はセキュリティやポリシーについて責任を負いません。ユーザの情報を保護するためには、ユーザ自ら、自身のアクセスする他のウェブサイトやサービスのプライバシーポリシーを慎重に確認することをお勧めします。これらの他のウェブサイトやサービスを訪問する際は、ユーザご自身の責任で行ってください。 情報の越境移転 ユーザの情報は、日本又はアメリカ合衆国等、ユーザの居住する地域又は国以外の場所にあるコンピューティング機器に転送され、維持されることがあり、当該場所はユーザの居住国よりプライバシー規制が緩和されている場合があります。当社は、適用される法律の要件に沿ってユーザの情報を保護するよう努めます。 お問い合わせ先 本ポリシーに関するお問い合わせは、privacy@smartnews.com 宛にお願いいたします。 当社のアプリに関するお問い合わせは、アプリ内の「設定」→「ヘルプセンター」からお問い合わせください。 個人情報取扱事業者に関する情報：スマートニュース株式会社東京都渋谷区神宮前6丁目25-16代表取締役 鈴木健 2012年12月1日制定 2014年10月8日改定 2015年2月13日改定 2017年5月17日改定 2020年10月1日改定 2022年3月18日改定 2023年1月31日改定 2023年9月1日改定 United States | 日本 SmartNews Privacy Policy Last Updated: September 1, 2023 Introduction Protecting your privacy is very important to SmartNews. Our mission is delivering the world’s quality information to the people who need it and this should not come at the price of your privacy. Scope Accordingly, we’re providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive when you use our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time that information is collected. Updates to this Privacy Policy We may modify and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or take other actions as required by applicable law, and we’ll indicate when those changes will become effective. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service. Information We Collect To provide our Services, we collect: Information Provided by You or Collected with Your Permission Information Related to Your Use of the Services Information from our Partners Information Provided by You or Collected with Your Permission. User Data: We may collect demographic data and information about your interests to help us understand what content you might be interested in. When you set up your own account or otherwise interact with our Services, we may also collect certain personal information that can be used to identify you, which may include your name, your e-mail address, your profile image and other information. SNS Data: We may allow you to use certain social networking services ("SNS") via the Services and may collect information about you from that SNS that you have made available via your privacy settings. For example, if you link your Twitter account to SmartNews and let us know that you want to see what news stories the people you follow on Twitter are sharing, the links to these news stories will be sent to you via our Services. Please refer to the privacy policy for the SNS you use for more information on how your information will be shared by the SNS and information available on your SNS accounts. Interactive Features: We may offer interactive features, including features that let you submit User Content. We and other individuals who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through our interactive features. Any information shared on the public sections of these channels will be considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. Survey Data: We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information that may include personal information. Information Related to Your Use of the Services Device Data: We and third parties we work with may automatically collect certain data about the device you use to access our Services. This data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, mobile advertising identifiers (Google Advertising ID or Apple Advertising ID) and other unique identifiers, cookie identifiers, model name, operating system, country code, app version, and other user settings and preferences. Activity Data: We automatically collect certain data about your activities on our Services, including the pages, content or features of our Services you browse and the time you spend on those pages, content or features, the hyper-links from the contents displayed on our Services that you click on, referrer information and other information about how you use our Services. Location Data: You may, by your own choice, provide us with your location data such as your postal code, city and state information, or GPS location in order for us to display the weather, the local news and the local advertisements to you. In addition, we may also infer your location based on your IP address and use various other technologies to determine your approximate location, such as sensor data from your device that provides information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. Information from Our Partners. Third-Party Partners: We may receive your information from our partners, such as publishers, advertisers, and third-party data providers. Our partners may provide demographic data and information about your activities and interests off our services, including information about your device, device identifiers, your precise or approximate location, websites and advertisements you interact with, your browsing patterns, and information about how you use our partner’s services. How Do We Use Information? Our primary purpose for collecting and using information is to deliver quality Content to you, our users. We also collect and use your information for a variety of business purposes, including: To Provide the Services or Information Requested To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research For Customer Support For Advertising Purposes For Administrative or Legal Purposes To Provide the Services or Information Requested. This includes using your information to: Fulfill our contract with you; Tailor and deliver Content curated according to your interests which we infer from the data we collect; Provide access to certain functionalities, and features of our Services, such as the local news feature and the weather forecast feature; Create and update your account; and Manage your information. To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research. This includes using your information to: Measure interest and engagement in the Services; Pursue our legitimate interests, such as research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention; Improve our products and Services; Develop new products and services; and Carry out analytics. For example, we may use personal information and other data to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. For Customer Support. This includes using your information to: Respond to questions, comments, and other requests from you; Investigate and answer requests for customer or technical support; and Communicate with you about activities on the Services and changes to our Terms of Service. For Advertising Purposes. This includes using your information to: Tailor and provide personalized advertisements with you. We and our third-party partners may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. Engage in cross device tracking, which helps us to track your browsing activity across different websites, devices and/or apps. For example, we may attempt to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your tablet. To do this, our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns, geo-location and device identifiers, and will match the information of the browser and/or devices that appear to be used by the same user. For Administrative or Legal Purposes. This includes using your information to: Ensure internal quality control and safety; Verify individual identity to respond to certain requests or claims; Carry out audits; Prevent and prosecute potentially prohibited or illegal activities; Enforce our agreements; and Comply with our legal obligations. For example, we may disclose your information to certain government entities regarding certain claims or disputes relating to use of our Services. What Information Do We Share With Third Parties? We may share the information that we have collected from you: With Our Advertising Partners With Our Service Providers With Your Consent or at Your Request With Affiliates For Legal Reasons In Connection with Business Transactions Information Shared with Our Advertising Partners. We may engage third party advertising partners to collect information and serve advertising on and through the Services. When you use our Services, these third-party advertising partners may collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, mobile device identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit our Services and third-party services within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” If you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below. Information Shared with Our Media Partners. We have a number of media partners to provide quality content for the provision of the Services. To enable them to improve their content, we may provide the media partners with statistical information that does not identify individual users, such as demographic data and the number of page views of those who view each content. Information Shared with Our Service Providers. We may engage third party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. The types of service providers to whom we entrust information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) analytics; (iv) marketing and advertising; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision of IT and related services. For example, we use MailChimp to send you correspondence regarding our Services, including, without limitation, our promotional newsletters and e-mails. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/. We also use analytics services from Google including Google Analytics for Firebase to collect analytics information on the Services. Additionally, we use YouTube’s API Client in order to understand the content of YouTube videos to improve how we offer the Services to you. For more information about Google’s processing of your information, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information on our website, please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Information We Disclose with Your Consent or at Your Request. We may share your information with third parties if you provide us with your consent or if you have expressly requested that we share your information. Information Shared with Affiliates. We may outsource the handling of personal information to our affiliated companies in accordance with applicable law. Information Disclosed for Legal Reasons. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. Information Shared in Connection with Business Transactions. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. Cookies and Third-Party Technologies Cookies and Pixel Tags. We may use cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. Our use of cookies and similar technologies falls into the following general categories: (i) operationally necessary; (ii) performance-related; (iii) functionality-related; and (iv) advertising-related. Software Development Kits. We may use third party software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our App. SDKs typically collect your mobile device identifier and information related to your use of the Services. SDKs may allow third parties including analytics and advertising partners to collect your information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and personalized advertising. For more information about the SDKs we use, please contact us as set forth below. Your Choices General. You may have the right to opt out of certain uses of your information. Email Communications. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy). Mobile Devices. We may send you push notifications through our App. You may opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. We may also collect precise location information if you enable such collection via our App. You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device. Personalized Advertising. If you would like to opt-out of the advertising and other similar technologies (e.g., cookies) we employ on the Services, you may do so by blocking, disabling, or deleting them as your browser or device permits, including by following the steps set forth below. Please note that you can opt out of personalized advertising (i.e., targeted advertising), but you will continue to see non-personalized online advertising on the Services and/or other digital properties. To limit ad tracking by Apple, Google, or other mobile operating systems: please follow the instructions for Android, iOS, and others. Other operating systems for mobile devices may also provide instructions on how to prevent the delivery of personalized advertisements. To opt-out of the personalized advertising by certain third parties: please opt-out of personalized advertisement using your account settings on each applicable service. If you do not have any account on a certain service, you likely will not see any personalized advertisements from that service. https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/ The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from advertisers that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at https://optout.networkadvertising.org/, https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ and https://optout.aboutads.info/. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications and you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device. “Do Not Track.” Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers when you visit our website. Individual Rights in Personal Information In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information; obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details; receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); change, update, or correct your personal information; withdraw your consent to process your personal information; request that we restrict or limit our use of your personal information; request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you; request erasure of personal information held about you by SmartNews; object to our processing of your personal information; and appeal our decision to decline to process your request. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, visit the "Settings" menu in our mobile application. Once you are in the Settings menu, click "Help Center." Once you are in the Help Center, the Help Center has a form for receiving inquiries. Please fill out the form with your inquiry or request. Please specify the nature of your request in the email you send. There is also a function in the Settings menu to delete or opt out of sharing your personal information with third parties that is used to provide account features and news feeds (see here for details). If you have any questions, please contact us as set forth below. Please note that there may be technical limitations that prevent us from fulfilling certain requests. We may carry out deletion requests by de-identifying and/or anonymizing information such that it is no longer personal information. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, SmartNews will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. In order to verify your request, we use an identifier that is unique to your device that has been assigned by our App. If you submit a request in accordance with the instructions listed above, we will automatically receive the identifier. If we do not receive this identifier when you make a request, we will not be able to verify your identity and will deny your request. If applicable laws grant you an appeal right and you would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal. How Long Do We Retain Your Information? We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. Supplemental Notice for California Residents This Supplemental Notice for California Residents only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) (“CCPA”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information SmartNews has collected about them, whether SmartNews disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider), whether SmartNews “sold” that personal information, and whether SmartNews “shared” that personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below: Category of Personal Information Collected by SmartNews Category of Third Parties To Whom Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose Category of Third Parties Personal Information To Whom Personal Information is Sold and/or Shared Identifiers Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) Our affiliates Service providers N/A Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Commercial information Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Internet or other electronic network activity Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Geolocation data Our affiliates Service providers N/A Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners Personal information that reveals a consumer’s precise geolocation Our affiliates Service providers N/A The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using and disclosing personal information are set forth above in “Information We Collect”, “How Do We Use Information?” and “What Information Do We Share With Third Parties?”, respectively. We will retain personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth above in “How Long Do We Retain Your Information?”. The purposes for which we “sell” personal information and “share” personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” are to provide personalized content (including advertising), measure and analyze performance, improve the services we provide, and detect illegal or harmful activities. Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents Right to Opt-Out of “Sales” and “Sharing” for “Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising”. California residents have the right to opt-out of the “sale” of their personal information and the “sharing” of their personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising.” California residents can exercise these rights in the Settings menu of the SmartNews mobile application. Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. California residents have the right to limit our use and disclosure of their “sensitive personal information.” California residents may do this by disabling our collection of precise geo-location via their device settings. Disclosure Regarding Individuals Under the Age of 16. SmartNews does not have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. SmartNews does not have actual knowledge of any “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for “cross-context behavioral advertising.” Verification Process. We will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests submitted under the CCPA. As part of this process, we require that you follow the prescribed procedures to verify your identity unless the CCPA requires otherwise: If you have your account, we will request you to provide your account name and your email address of your account, and a device token obtained from the Settings menu of the Services, or to log in to the Services via your account. However, for requests for the disclosure of specific pieces of personal information, we will request the submission of three documents (driver's license, health insurance card, passport, utility bill payment document, etc.) that can verify your personal information, along with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the person in possession of the personal information. If you do not have your account, we will request you to provide multiple pieces of information that are known only to you (e.g., device tokens, recently viewed articles, locations where you have used our application, etc.) or sending a push notification to your device and requesting a response. However, for requests for the disclosure of specific pieces of personal information, we will also request you to follow the same procedure as set forth in (1) above. Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA. Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent and exercise any rights, please contact us as set forth below. Our Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information If your personal information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation or other related legislation, our processing of your personal information is supported by the following lawful bases: Performance of a Contract (i.e., to Provide Our Services to You) Legitimate Interest Consent For Compliance with Legal Obligations To Provide the Services or Information Requested ✔ ✔ ✔ To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research ✔ ✔ ✔ For Customer Support ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ For Advertising Purposes ✔ ✔ For Administrative or Legal Purposes ✔ ✔ ✔ Links to Other Services Our Services may contain links to other websites and services, including News Content. Any information that you provide on or to or that is collected by a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access. Visiting these other websites or services is at your own risk. International Transfer Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computing equipment located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction including, but not limited to, Japan, the United States of America, or other countries, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. Our Policy Toward Children Our Services are not directed to children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 16 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. Questions? Please contact us at privacy@smartnews.com if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy. If you have a question about the SmartNews App, please contact us via inApp SmartNews Help Center. SmartNews, Inc.144 2nd St, San Francisco, CA 94105Co-Founder and CEO Ken Suzuki Last modified: September 1, 2023 January 31, 2023 March 18, 2022 November 1, 2020 October 1, 2014 United States | 日本 SmartNews Privacy Policy Last Updated: September 1, 2023 Introduction Protecting your privacy is very important to SmartNews. Our mission is delivering the world’s quality information to the people who need it and this should not come at the price of your privacy. Scope Accordingly, we’re providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive when you use our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services. Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time that information is collected. Updates to this Privacy Policy We may modify and revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or take other actions as required by applicable law, and we’ll indicate when those changes will become effective. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service. To provide our Services, we collect: Information Provided by You or Collected with Your Permission Information Related to Your Use of the Services Information from our Partners To provide our Services, we collect: Information Provided by You or Collected with Your Permission Information Related to Your Use of the Services Information from our Partners Information Provided by You or Collected with Your Permission Information Related to Your Use of the Services Information from our Partners Information Provided by You or Collected with Your Permission. User Data: We may collect demographic data and information about your interests to help us understand what content you might be interested in. When you set up your own account or otherwise interact with our Services, we may also collect certain personal information that can be used to identify you, which may include your name, your e-mail address, your profile image and other information. SNS Data: We may allow you to use certain social networking services ("SNS") via the Services and may collect information about you from that SNS that you have made available via your privacy settings. For example, if you link your Twitter account to SmartNews and let us know that you want to see what news stories the people you follow on Twitter are sharing, the links to these news stories will be sent to you via our Services. Please refer to the privacy policy for the SNS you use for more information on how your information will be shared by the SNS and information available on your SNS accounts. Interactive Features: We may offer interactive features, including features that let you submit User Content. We and other individuals who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through our interactive features. Any information shared on the public sections of these channels will be considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. Survey Data: We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information that may include personal information. User Data: We may collect demographic data and information about your interests to help us understand what content you might be interested in. When you set up your own account or otherwise interact with our Services, we may also collect certain personal information that can be used to identify you, which may include your name, your e-mail address, your profile image and other information. User Data SNS Data: We may allow you to use certain social networking services ("SNS") via the Services and may collect information about you from that SNS that you have made available via your privacy settings. For example, if you link your Twitter account to SmartNews and let us know that you want to see what news stories the people you follow on Twitter are sharing, the links to these news stories will be sent to you via our Services. Please refer to the privacy policy for the SNS you use for more information on how your information will be shared by the SNS and information available on your SNS accounts. SNS Data "SNS" Interactive Features: We may offer interactive features, including features that let you submit User Content. We and other individuals who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through our interactive features. Any information shared on the public sections of these channels will be considered “public” and will not be subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. Interactive Features Survey Data: We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information that may include personal information. Survey Data Device Data: We and third parties we work with may automatically collect certain data about the device you use to access our Services. This data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, mobile advertising identifiers (Google Advertising ID or Apple Advertising ID) and other unique identifiers, cookie identifiers, model name, operating system, country code, app version, and other user settings and preferences. Activity Data: We automatically collect certain data about your activities on our Services, including the pages, content or features of our Services you browse and the time you spend on those pages, content or features, the hyper-links from the contents displayed on our Services that you click on, referrer information and other information about how you use our Services. Location Data: You may, by your own choice, provide us with your location data such as your postal code, city and state information, or GPS location in order for us to display the weather, the local news and the local advertisements to you. In addition, we may also infer your location based on your IP address and use various other technologies to determine your approximate location, such as sensor data from your device that provides information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. Device Data: We and third parties we work with may automatically collect certain data about the device you use to access our Services. This data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, mobile advertising identifiers (Google Advertising ID or Apple Advertising ID) and other unique identifiers, cookie identifiers, model name, operating system, country code, app version, and other user settings and preferences. Device Data Activity Data: We automatically collect certain data about your activities on our Services, including the pages, content or features of our Services you browse and the time you spend on those pages, content or features, the hyper-links from the contents displayed on our Services that you click on, referrer information and other information about how you use our Services. Activity Data Location Data: You may, by your own choice, provide us with your location data such as your postal code, city and state information, or GPS location in order for us to display the weather, the local news and the local advertisements to you. In addition, we may also infer your location based on your IP address and use various other technologies to determine your approximate location, such as sensor data from your device that provides information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. Location Data Information from Our Partners. Third-Party Partners: We may receive your information from our partners, such as publishers, advertisers, and third-party data providers. Our partners may provide demographic data and information about your activities and interests off our services, including information about your device, device identifiers, your precise or approximate location, websites and advertisements you interact with, your browsing patterns, and information about how you use our partner’s services. Third-Party Partners Our primary purpose for collecting and using information is to deliver quality Content to you, our users. We also collect and use your information for a variety of business purposes, including: To Provide the Services or Information Requested To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research For Customer Support For Advertising Purposes For Administrative or Legal Purposes Our primary purpose for collecting and using information is to deliver quality Content to you, our users. We also collect and use your information for a variety of business purposes, including: To Provide the Services or Information Requested To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research For Customer Support For Advertising Purposes For Administrative or Legal Purposes To Provide the Services or Information Requested To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research For Customer Support For Advertising Purposes For Administrative or Legal Purposes To Provide the Services or Information Requested. This includes using your information to: Fulfill our contract with you; Tailor and deliver Content curated according to your interests which we infer from the data we collect; Provide access to certain functionalities, and features of our Services, such as the local news feature and the weather forecast feature; Create and update your account; and Manage your information. Fulfill our contract with you; Tailor and deliver Content curated according to your interests which we infer from the data we collect; Provide access to certain functionalities, and features of our Services, such as the local news feature and the weather forecast feature; Create and update your account; and Manage your information. To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research. This includes using your information to: Measure interest and engagement in the Services; Pursue our legitimate interests, such as research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention; Improve our products and Services; Develop new products and services; and Carry out analytics. For example, we may use personal information and other data to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. Measure interest and engagement in the Services; Pursue our legitimate interests, such as research and development (including marketing research), network and information security, and fraud prevention; Improve our products and Services; Develop new products and services; and Carry out analytics. For example, we may use personal information and other data to create de-identified and aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. For Customer Support. This includes using your information to: Respond to questions, comments, and other requests from you; Investigate and answer requests for customer or technical support; and Communicate with you about activities on the Services and changes to our Terms of Service. Respond to questions, comments, and other requests from you; Investigate and answer requests for customer or technical support; and Communicate with you about activities on the Services and changes to our Terms of Service. For Advertising Purposes. This includes using your information to: Tailor and provide personalized advertisements with you. We and our third-party partners may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. Engage in cross device tracking, which helps us to track your browsing activity across different websites, devices and/or apps. For example, we may attempt to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your tablet. To do this, our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns, geo-location and device identifiers, and will match the information of the browser and/or devices that appear to be used by the same user. Tailor and provide personalized advertisements with you. We and our third-party partners may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. Engage in cross device tracking, which helps us to track your browsing activity across different websites, devices and/or apps. For example, we may attempt to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your tablet. To do this, our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns, geo-location and device identifiers, and will match the information of the browser and/or devices that appear to be used by the same user. For Administrative or Legal Purposes. This includes using your information to: Ensure internal quality control and safety; Verify individual identity to respond to certain requests or claims; Carry out audits; Prevent and prosecute potentially prohibited or illegal activities; Enforce our agreements; and Comply with our legal obligations. For example, we may disclose your information to certain government entities regarding certain claims or disputes relating to use of our Services. Ensure internal quality control and safety; Verify individual identity to respond to certain requests or claims; Carry out audits; Prevent and prosecute potentially prohibited or illegal activities; Enforce our agreements; and Comply with our legal obligations. For example, we may disclose your information to certain government entities regarding certain claims or disputes relating to use of our Services. What Information Do We Share With Third Parties? We may share the information that we have collected from you: With Our Advertising Partners With Our Service Providers With Your Consent or at Your Request With Affiliates For Legal Reasons In Connection with Business Transactions With Our Advertising Partners With Our Service Providers With Your Consent or at Your Request With Affiliates For Legal Reasons In Connection with Business Transactions Information Shared with Our Advertising Partners. We may engage third party advertising partners to collect information and serve advertising on and through the Services. When you use our Services, these third-party advertising partners may collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, mobile device identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit our Services and third-party services within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” If you prefer not to share your personal information with third-party advertising partners, you may follow the instructions below. Information Shared with Our Media Partners. We have a number of media partners to provide quality content for the provision of the Services. To enable them to improve their content, we may provide the media partners with statistical information that does not identify individual users, such as demographic data and the number of page views of those who view each content. Information Shared with Our Service Providers. We may engage third party service providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. The types of service providers to whom we entrust information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) analytics; (iv) marketing and advertising; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision of IT and related services. For example, we use MailChimp to send you correspondence regarding our Services, including, without limitation, our promotional newsletters and e-mails. For more information, please see MailChimp’s privacy policy: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/. We also use analytics services from Google including Google Analytics for Firebase to collect analytics information on the Services. Additionally, we use YouTube’s API Client in order to understand the content of YouTube videos to improve how we offer the Services to you. For more information about Google’s processing of your information, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites. To learn more about how to opt-out of Google Analytics’ use of your information on our website, please visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Information We Disclose with Your Consent or at Your Request. We may share your information with third parties if you provide us with your consent or if you have expressly requested that we share your information. Information Shared with Affiliates. We may outsource the handling of personal information to our affiliated companies in accordance with applicable law. Information Disclosed for Legal Reasons. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. Information Shared in Connection with Business Transactions. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. Information Disclosed for Legal Reasons. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. Information Shared in Connection with Business Transactions. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. Information Disclosed for Legal Reasons. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. Information Shared in Connection with Business Transactions. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. Cookies and Third-Party Technologies Cookies and Pixel Tags. We may use cookies, pixel tags, and other similar technologies. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. Cookies and Pixel Tags. Our use of cookies and similar technologies falls into the following general categories: (i) operationally necessary; (ii) performance-related; (iii) functionality-related; and (iv) advertising-related. Software Development Kits. We may use third party software development kits (“SDKs”) as part of the functionality of our App. SDKs typically collect your mobile device identifier and information related to your use of the Services. SDKs may allow third parties including analytics and advertising partners to collect your information for various purposes including to provide analytics services and personalized advertising. For more information about the SDKs we use, please contact us as set forth below. Software Development Kits. SDKs Your Choices General. You may have the right to opt out of certain uses of your information. General. Email Communications. If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or Services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms of Service or this Privacy Policy). Email Communications. Mobile Devices. We may send you push notifications through our App. You may opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. We may also collect precise location information if you enable such collection via our App. You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device. Mobile Devices. Personalized Advertising. If you would like to opt-out of the advertising and other similar technologies (e.g., cookies) we employ on the Services, you may do so by blocking, disabling, or deleting them as your browser or device permits, including by following the steps set forth below. Please note that you can opt out of personalized advertising (i.e., targeted advertising), but you will continue to see non-personalized online advertising on the Services and/or other digital properties. Personalized Advertising. To limit ad tracking by Apple, Google, or other mobile operating systems: please follow the instructions for Android, iOS, and others. Other operating systems for mobile devices may also provide instructions on how to prevent the delivery of personalized advertisements. To opt-out of the personalized advertising by certain third parties: please opt-out of personalized advertisement using your account settings on each applicable service. If you do not have any account on a certain service, you likely will not see any personalized advertisements from that service. https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/ To limit ad tracking by Apple, Google, or other mobile operating systems: please follow the instructions for Android, iOS, and others. Other operating systems for mobile devices may also provide instructions on how to prevent the delivery of personalized advertisements. To opt-out of the personalized advertising by certain third parties: please opt-out of personalized advertisement using your account settings on each applicable service. If you do not have any account on a certain service, you likely will not see any personalized advertisements from that service. https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/ https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/ The online advertising industry also provides websites from which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from advertisers that participate in self-regulatory programs. You can access these, and also learn more about targeted advertising and consumer choice and privacy, at https://optout.networkadvertising.org/, https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ and https://optout.aboutads.info/. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on mobile applications and you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device. “Do Not Track.” Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers when you visit our website. “Do Not Track.” DNT Individual Rights in Personal Information In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information; obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details; receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); change, update, or correct your personal information; withdraw your consent to process your personal information; request that we restrict or limit our use of your personal information; request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you; request erasure of personal information held about you by SmartNews; object to our processing of your personal information; and appeal our decision to decline to process your request. confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information; obtain access to or a copy of your personal information with accompanying details; receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); change, update, or correct your personal information; withdraw your consent to process your personal information; request that we restrict or limit our use of your personal information; request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you; request erasure of personal information held about you by SmartNews; object to our processing of your personal information; and appeal our decision to decline to process your request. receive an electronic copy of personal information that you have provided to us, or ask us to send that information to another company (the “right of data portability”); change, update, or correct your personal information; withdraw your consent to process your personal information; request that we restrict or limit our use of your personal information; request to opt-out of certain processing activities including, as applicable, if we process your personal information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws), if we “sell” your personal information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in profiling in furtherance of certain decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you; request erasure of personal information held about you by SmartNews; object to our processing of your personal information; and appeal our decision to decline to process your request. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, visit the "Settings" menu in our mobile application. Once you are in the Settings menu, click "Help Center." Once you are in the Help Center, the Help Center has a form for receiving inquiries. Please fill out the form with your inquiry or request. Please specify the nature of your request in the email you send. There is also a function in the Settings menu to delete or opt out of sharing your personal information with third parties that is used to provide account features and news feeds (see here for details). If you have any questions, please contact us as set forth below. Please note that there may be technical limitations that prevent us from fulfilling certain requests. We may carry out deletion requests by de-identifying and/or anonymizing information such that it is no longer personal information. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, SmartNews will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. In order to verify your request, we use an identifier that is unique to your device that has been assigned by our App. If you submit a request in accordance with the instructions listed above, we will automatically receive the identifier. If we do not receive this identifier when you make a request, we will not be able to verify your identity and will deny your request. If applicable laws grant you an appeal right and you would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal. How Long Do We Retain Your Information? We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. Supplemental Notice for California Residents This Supplemental Notice for California Residents only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) (“CCPA”). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information SmartNews has collected about them, whether SmartNews disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider), whether SmartNews “sold” that personal information, and whether SmartNews “shared” that personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below: Our affiliates Service providers Our affiliates Service providers Advertising partners The categories of sources from which we collect personal information and our business and commercial purposes for using and disclosing personal information are set forth above in “Information We Collect”, “How Do We Use Information?” and “What Information Do We Share With Third Parties?”, respectively. We will retain personal information in accordance with the time periods set forth above in “How Long Do We Retain Your Information?”. The purposes for which we “sell” personal information and “share” personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” are to provide personalized content (including advertising), measure and analyze performance, improve the services we provide, and detect illegal or harmful activities. Additional Privacy Rights for California Residents Right to Opt-Out of “Sales” and “Sharing” for “Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising”. California residents have the right to opt-out of the “sale” of their personal information and the “sharing” of their personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising.” California residents can exercise these rights in the Settings menu of the SmartNews mobile application. Right to Opt-Out of “Sales” and “Sharing” for “Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising”. Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. California residents have the right to limit our use and disclosure of their “sensitive personal information.” California residents may do this by disabling our collection of precise geo-location via their device settings. Disclosure Regarding Individuals Under the Age of 16. SmartNews does not have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. SmartNews does not have actual knowledge of any “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for “cross-context behavioral advertising.” Disclosure Regarding Individuals Under the Age of 16. Verification Process. We will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests submitted under the CCPA. As part of this process, we require that you follow the prescribed procedures to verify your identity unless the CCPA requires otherwise: If you have your account, we will request you to provide your account name and your email address of your account, and a device token obtained from the Settings menu of the Services, or to log in to the Services via your account. However, for requests for the disclosure of specific pieces of personal information, we will request the submission of three documents (driver's license, health insurance card, passport, utility bill payment document, etc.) that can verify your personal information, along with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the person in possession of the personal information. If you do not have your account, we will request you to provide multiple pieces of information that are known only to you (e.g., device tokens, recently viewed articles, locations where you have used our application, etc.) or sending a push notification to your device and requesting a response. However, for requests for the disclosure of specific pieces of personal information, we will also request you to follow the same procedure as set forth in (1) above. Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA. Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent and exercise any rights, please contact us as set forth below. Our Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information If your personal information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation or other related legislation, our processing of your personal information is supported by the following lawful bases: Performance of a Contract (i.e., to Provide Our Services to You) Legitimate Interest Consent For Compliance with Legal Obligations To Provide the Services or Information Requested ✔ ✔ ✔ To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research ✔ ✔ ✔ For Customer Support ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ For Advertising Purposes ✔ ✔ For Administrative or Legal Purposes ✔ ✔ ✔ Links to Other Services Our Services may contain links to other websites and services, including News Content. Any information that you provide on or to or that is collected by a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access. Visiting these other websites or services is at your own risk. International Transfer Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computing equipment located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction including, but not limited to, Japan, the United States of America, or other countries, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. Our Policy Toward Children Our Services are not directed to children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 16 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. Questions? Please contact us at privacy@smartnews.com if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy. If you have a question about the SmartNews App, please contact us via inApp SmartNews Help Center. SmartNews, Inc.144 2nd St, San Francisco, CA 94105Co-Founder and CEO Ken Suzuki Last modified: September 1, 2023 January 31, 2023 March 18, 2022 November 1, 2020 October 1, 2014 Verification Process. If you have your account, we will request you to provide your account name and your email address of your account, and a device token obtained from the Settings menu of the Services, or to log in to the Services via your account. However, for requests for the disclosure of specific pieces of personal information, we will request the submission of three documents (driver's license, health insurance card, passport, utility bill payment document, etc.) that can verify your personal information, along with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the person in possession of the personal information. If you do not have your account, we will request you to provide multiple pieces of information that are known only to you (e.g., device tokens, recently viewed articles, locations where you have used our application, etc.) or sending a push notification to your device and requesting a response. However, for requests for the disclosure of specific pieces of personal information, we will also request you to follow the same procedure as set forth in (1) above. If you have your account, we will request you to provide your account name and your email address of your account, and a device token obtained from the Settings menu of the Services, or to log in to the Services via your account. However, for requests for the disclosure of specific pieces of personal information, we will request the submission of three documents (driver's license, health insurance card, passport, utility bill payment document, etc.) that can verify your personal information, along with a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the person in possession of the personal information. If you do not have your account, we will request you to provide multiple pieces of information that are known only to you (e.g., device tokens, recently viewed articles, locations where you have used our application, etc.) or sending a push notification to your device and requesting a response. However, for requests for the disclosure of specific pieces of personal information, we will also request you to follow the same procedure as set forth in (1) above. Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA. Non-Discrimination. Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. To designate an authorized agent and exercise any rights, please contact us as set forth below. Authorized Agent. Our Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Information If your personal information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation or other related legislation, our processing of your personal information is supported by the following lawful bases: Performance of a Contract (i.e., to Provide Our Services to You) Legitimate Interest Consent For Compliance with Legal Obligations To Provide the Services or Information Requested ✔ ✔ ✔ To Measure Performance and Carry Out Research ✔ ✔ ✔ For Customer Support ✔ ✔ ✔ ✔ For Advertising Purposes ✔ ✔ For Administrative or Legal Purposes ✔ ✔ ✔ Links to Other Services Our Services may contain links to other websites and services, including News Content. Any information that you provide on or to or that is collected by a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access. Visiting these other websites or services is at your own risk. International Transfer Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computing equipment located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction including, but not limited to, Japan, the United States of America, or other countries, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. Our Policy Toward Children Our Services are not directed to children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 16 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. Questions? Please contact us at privacy@smartnews.com if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy. If you have a question about the SmartNews App, please contact us via inApp SmartNews Help Center. SmartNews, Inc.144 2nd St, San Francisco, CA 94105Co-Founder and CEO Ken Suzuki Last modified: September 1, 2023 January 31, 2023 March 18, 2022 November 1, 2020 October 1, 2014 United States | 日本 SmartNewsプライバシーポリシー 最終更新日：2023年9月1日 はじめに SmartNewsは、利用者のプライバシーを保護することを重視しています。私たちのミッションは、世界中の良質な情報を必要な人に送り届けることであり、そのミッションは利用者のプライバシーを犠牲にして達成されるべきではありません。 適用範囲 SmartNewsプライバシーポリシー（以下「本ポリシー」といいます）は、スマートニュース株式会社（以下「当社」といいます）がどのような情報を取得し、それをどのように使用し、共有し、開示するかを説明するものです。 本ポリシーは、SmartNews のブランド、製品、アプリケーション、ウェブサイト及びサービスのうち、個別のプライバシーポリシーを持たないか、本ポリシーにリンクしているものすべて（以下「本サービス」といいます）に適用されます。 本ポリシーは、第三者が提供するサービス（本サービスを通じて表示され又は本サービスからリンクしている記事、コンテンツ、サイトを含みます）には適用されません。 当社が取り扱うすべての情報は、情報が取り扱われる時点で有効な本ポリシーに準拠するものとします。 本ポリシーの変更 当社は、本ポリシーを随時変更し、改訂することがあります。当社が本ポリシーに重大な変更を加えた場合、当社は、本サービス上に掲載するか、又は適用法により要求されるその他の措置を取ることにより、これをユーザに通知し、変更が有効になる時期を示すものとします。なお、本ポリシーで使用されている用語は、本ポリシーで別途定義されていない限り、本サービスの利用規約と同じ意味を持つものとします。 取得する情報 当社は、本サービスの提供のため、本サービスの利用者（以下「ユーザ」といいます）から以下の情報を収集します。 ユーザから提供を受けた情報又はユーザの許可を得て取得した情報 ユーザの本サービス利用に関する情報 外部パートナーからの情報 ユーザから提供を受けた情報又はユーザの許可を得て取得した情報 ユーザに関する情報：当社は、ユーザがどのようなコンテンツに興味があるかを理解するため、ユーザの属性や興味関心に関する情報を取得することがあります。また、ユーザがご自身のアカウントを設定したり、その他の方法で本サービスを利用する際、当社は特定のユーザを識別しうる情報（氏名、メールアドレス、プロフィール画像その他の情報）を取得することがあります。 SNSに関する情報：当社は、ユーザが本サービスを通じて特定のソーシャル・ネットワーキング・サービス（以下「SNS」といいます）を利用することを許可する場合があり、ユーザがプライバシー設定を通じて利用可能にしたSNSからユーザに関する情報を取得する場合があります。例えば、ユーザがユーザのTwitterアカウントを本サービスにリンクし、ユーザがTwitterでフォローしている人たちがどのようなニュースを共有しているかを知りたい場合、これらのニュースへのリンクが本サービスを通じてユーザに送信されます。 ユーザの情報がSNSでどのように共有されるか、また、ユーザのSNSアカウントで利用可能な情報については、ご利用のSNSのプライバシーポリシーをご確認ください。 インタラクティブな機能に基づく情報：当社は、ユーザがユーザコンテンツを送信できる機能を含むインタラクティブな機能を提供する場合があります。当社及び本サービスを利用する他のユーザは、当社のインタラクティブな機能を通じてユーザが送信した情報又は利用可能にした情報を取得することがあります。これらの機能で公開された情報は、本ポリシーで言及されているプライバシー保護の対象とはなりません。 調査に関する情報：当社は、当社による調査に参加していただくためユーザに連絡することがあります。ユーザが当該調査に参加する場合、個人情報を含む特定の情報の提供を求められることがあります。 ユーザの本サービス利用に関する情報 端末情報：当社及び当社が提携する第三者は、ユーザが本サービスにアクセスするために使用する端末に関する情報を自動的に収集することがあります。この情報には、ユーザのインターネットプロトコル（IP）アドレス、端末別の広告識別子（Google Advertising ID又はApple Advertising ID）その他の端末識別子、クッキー情報、端末名、オペレーティングシステム、国コード、アプリのバージョン、及びその他のユーザ設定情報が含まれる場合があります。 行動データ：当社は本サービス上でのユーザの行動に関する一定のデータを自動的に取得します。これには、ユーザが閲覧した本サービスのページ、コンテンツ又は機能、それらのページ、コンテンツ又は機能を使用した時間、ユーザがクリックした本サービスに表示されているコンテンツからのハイパーリンク、リファラに関する情報など、ユーザが本サービスをどのように利用しているかに関する情報が含まれます。 位置情報：ユーザは、ご自身の選択により、天気やローカルニュース、ローカル広告を表示するため、当社に対し郵便番号や市区町村情報、GPS情報などの位置情報を提供することができます。さらに、当社は、ユーザのIPアドレスに基づいてユーザの位置を推測したり、ユーザの端末からのセンサーデータによる近くのWi-Fiアクセスポイントやセルタワーの情報が提供されるものなど、他の様々な技術を使用してユーザの位置を推測することがあります。 外部パートナーからの情報 外部パートナーからの情報：当社は、媒体社、広告主、データプロバイダなどのパートナーからユーザの情報を受け取ることがあります。当社のパートナーは、ユーザの端末に関する情報、端末識別子、ユーザの位置情報、ユーザが利用するウェブサイトや広告、ユーザの閲覧パターン、ユーザが当社のパートナーのサービスをどのように利用しているかに関する情報を含む、本サービス外におけるユーザの行動や属性、興味関心に関する情報を当社に提供することがあります。 取得した情報の利用目的 当社が情報を取り扱う主な目的は、良質な情報をユーザに提供することにあります。当社は、以下のような様々な業務目的のためにユーザの情報を取り扱います。 サービスや情報の提供のため パフォーマンスの測定と調査の実施のため カスタマーサポートのため 広告提供のため 管理運営上又は法律上の目的のため サービスや情報の提供のため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 ユーザとの契約を履行するため 当社が取得したデータから推測されたユーザの興味関心に合わせて、コンテンツをカスタマイズして提供するため ローカルニュース機能や天気予報機能など、本サービスの特定の機能へのアクセスを提供するため ユーザのアカウントの作成と更新のため ユーザの情報の管理のため パフォーマンスの測定と調査の実施のため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 本サービスにおける興味関心と滞在時間等の利用状況を測定するため 研究開発（マーケティング調査を含む）、ネットワークセキュリティ及び情報セキュリティ、不正行為防止など、当社の正当な利益を追求するため 当社の製品や本サービスを改善するため 新製品やサービスを開発するため 一定の分析を実施するため。例えば、個人情報やその他のデータを使用して、非識別化された人口統計情報、非識別化された位置情報、ユーザが本サービスにアクセスしたコンピュータや端末に関する情報その他の分析情報など、非識別化された統計情報を作成することがあります。 カスタマーサポートのため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 ユーザからのご質問、ご意見、その他のご要望にお応えするため ユーザや技術サポートのための要望を調査し、お応えするため 本サービス上での行動や利用規約の変更について、ユーザと連絡を取り合うため 広告提供のため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 ユーザにパーソナライズされた広告を提供するため。当社及び当社のパートナーは、適用される法令の許容する範囲で、パーソナライズされた広告を提供することがあります。 クロスデバイストラッキングを行うことで、異なるウェブサイト、端末、又はアプリでのユーザの閲覧履歴を照合するため。例えば、当社は、ユーザのモバイル端末での閲覧履歴と、ユーザのタブレット端末での閲覧履歴を照合しようとすることがあります。これを行うために、当社のパートナーは、ユーザの行動パターン、位置情報、端末識別子などのデータを共有することがあり、同じユーザが使用していると思われるブラウザ又は端末の情報を照合します。 管理運営上又は法律上の目的のため 品質管理と安全性の確保のため 特定のご依頼やご請求に対応するための本人確認のため 監査の実施のため 禁止行為や不正違法の可能性のある行為を防止し、通報するため 契約の履行のため 当社の法的義務を遵守するため。例えば、当社は、本サービスの利用に関連する特定のクレームや紛争に関して、特定の司法又は行政機関にユーザの情報を開示することがあります。 情報の共有 当社は、以下のような場合において、ユーザから収集した情報を共有することがあります。 広告に関するパートナーと共有する場合 サービスプロバイダと情報を共有する場合 ユーザの同意を得た場合又はユーザの要求がある場合 関連会社と共有する場合 法律上定められた場合 事業承継等に関連する場合 広告に関するパートナーと共有する場合 当社は、本サービス上及び本サービスを通じて情報を取得し、広告を提供するために、広告に関するパートナー（以下「広告パートナー」といいます）と連携することがあります。ユーザが本サービスを利用する際、これらの広告パートナーは、ユーザの行動及びユーザの端末に関する情報を取得することがあります（例：ユーザのIPアドレス、端末識別子、訪問したページ、場所、時間帯）。これらの広告パートナーは、ユーザが本サービス及び当該広告パートナーがネットワークを持つ他のサービスにアクセスした際に、ユーザにパーソナライズされた広告を配信する目的で、当該情報（及び他のサービスから収集した同様の情報）を使用することがあります。このプラクティスは、一般的に「インタレストベース広告」又は「パーソナライズされた広告」と呼ばれています。 ユーザの個人情報を第三者の広告パートナーと共有したくない場合は、後述する方法に従ってください。 メディアパートナーと共有する場合 当社は、本サービスの提供のために、多数のメディアパートナーと契約を締結し、良質なコンテンツの提供を受けています。当社は、メディアパートナーに対し、より良いコンテンツ作成のために、ユーザ個人を特定しない統計情報として、各コンテンツの閲覧に関する属性情報や閲覧件数等のデータを提供することがあります。 サービスプロバイダと情報を共有する場合 当社は、本サービスの提供及び管理のために、サービスプロバイダと契約することがあります。当社が情報の取扱いを委託するサービスプロバイダの種類には、以下のものが含まれます。(i)本サービスの提供のためのもの、(ii)ユーザが要求した情報、機能その他のサービスの提供のためのもの、(iii)分析のためのもの、(iv)マーケティング及び広告のためのもの、(v)カスタマーサービスのためのもの、(vi)IT関連サービスの提供のためのもの。 例えば、当社はMailChimpを使用して、本サービスに関する通知（当社のニュースレターや電子メールを含みますがこれらに限定されません）をユーザに送信しています。詳細については、MailChimpのプライバシーポリシー（https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/）をご覧ください。 また、Google Analytics for Firebaseを含むGoogleの分析サービスを利用して、本サービスの分析情報を取得しています。さらに、コンテンツ内のYouTube動画の提供のためにYouTube APIを利用しています。Googleによるユーザの情報の取扱いについての詳細は、Googleのプライバシーポリシー（https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites）をご覧ください。Google Analyticsによる当社ウェブサイト上でのユーザの情報の取扱いをオプトアウトする方法の詳細については、https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout をご覧ください。 ユーザの同意を得た場合又はユーザの要求がある場合 当社は、ユーザから同意を得た場合、又は当社がユーザの情報を共有することをユーザ自身が明示的に要求した場合には、ユーザの情報を第三者と共有することがあります。 関連会社に取扱いを委託する場合 当社は、適用法令を遵守した上で、当社のグループ会社に対し個人に関する情報の取扱いを委託することがあります。 法律上定められた場合 当社は、司法機関、行政機関、又は民間団体と協力して、法律を執行し、遵守します。当社は、当社の裁量で、次に掲げる事由のため必要又は適切と考える場合には、法令に基づき、司法機関、行政機関又は民間団体にユーザに関する情報を開示することがあります。(i)請求、法的手続き（召喚状を含む）に対応するため、(ii)当社の財産、権利、安全、及び第三者又は一般の公衆の財産、権利、安全を保護するため、及び(iii) 当社が違法、非倫理的又は法的措置をとることが可能と当社が判断する活動を防ぐため。 事業承継等に関連する場合 当社が合併、買収、資金調達のためのデューデリジェンス、組織再編、破産、管財、資産の購入あるいは売却、又は他の事業者へのサービスの移行に関与している場合、ユーザの情報は、法律又は契約で認められる範囲で、当該取引の一環として共有されることがあります。 クッキー等の利用 クッキーとピクセルタグ等 当社は、クッキー、ピクセルタグ、その他の同様の技術を使用することがあります。クッキーは、端末のブラウザに配置される小さなテキストファイルで、設定を保存し、ユーザの体験を容易にし、向上させます。ピクセルタグ（ウェブビーコンとしても知られています）は、本サービスに埋め込まれたコードの一部で、本サービスでの利用に関する情報を取得します。また、当社では、メッセージが開封されたかどうか、操作されたかどうか、転送されたかどうかを把握するために、電子メールにウェブビーコンを含めることがあります。 当社によるクッキー及び類似技術の使用は、以下の一般的なカテゴリーに分類されます。(i) 本サービスの運用上必要なもの、(ii)本サービスのパフォーマンスに関連するもの、(iii)本サービスの機能に関連するもの、(iv)広告に関連するもの。 ソフトウェア開発キット 当社は、本サービスの機能の一部として、第三者のソフトウェア開発キット（以下「SDK」といいます）を使用する場合があります。SDKは通常、ユーザの端末識別子とユーザの本サービスの利用に関連する情報を取得します。SDKは、分析サービスやパーソナライズされた広告の提供を含む様々な目的で、分析や広告のためのパートナーを含む第三者にユーザの情報を送信する場合があります。当社が使用するSDKの詳細については、後述するとおり当社にお問い合わせください。 個人設定が可能なもの 概要 ユーザは、ユーザの情報に関して特定の使用方法を停止することができる場合があります。 メールによるコミュニケーション 当社からの不要な電子メールを受信した場合は、電子メールの下部にある配信停止リンクを使用して、今後の電子メールの配信を停止することができます。ユーザが要求した本サービスに関する電子メールは引き続き配信されます。当社はまた、当社及び本サービスに関する特定の非宣伝的な通知（本サービスに関する通信、当社の利用規約又は本ポリシーの更新など）をユーザに送信することがありますが、ユーザはこれらの配信を停止することはできません。 モバイル端末の設定 当社は、当社のアプリを通じてプッシュ通知を送信することがあります。ユーザは、モバイル端末の設定を変更することにより、これらの通知を停止することができます。また、ユーザが当社のアプリを介して正確な位置情報の取得を有効にしている場合、当社はこれを取得することがあります。ユーザは、モバイル端末の設定を変更することにより、位置情報の利用を停止することができます。 パーソナライズされた広告 本サービス上で当社が採用する広告技術及び類似技術（例：クッキー）の利用を停止したい場合は、ユーザのブラウザや端末において、それらをブロック、無効化、又は削除することで停止することができます。また、以下の手順に従うことでもこれを停止することができます。なお、これによりパーソナライズされた広告を停止することはできますが、本サービス上にはパーソナライズされていないオンライン広告が引き続き表示されます。 SmartNewsが直接提供するパーソナライズされた広告を停止する場合： 表示される広告を長押しして「SmartNews Adsについて」を押してください。次のページに、本サービス上のパーソナライズされた広告を停止するためのリンクが表示されます。 Apple、Google、その他のモバイルOSの設定により広告を制限する場合： Android、iOSなどの指示に従ってください。また、その他のモバイル端末向けOSでは、パーソナライズされた広告の配信を停止する方法が記載されている場合があります。 SmartNews以外の第三者がSmartNewsアプリ上で提供するパーソナライズされた広告を停止する場合： 各サービスのアカウント設定でパーソナライズされた広告を停止してください。特定のサービスにアカウントを持っていない場合は、そのサービスからパーソナライズされた広告は表示されない可能性が高いです。 https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/ オンライン広告業界では、自主規制プログラムに参加している広告主からのターゲティング広告の受信を停止できるウェブサイトも以下のように提供されています。これらのウェブサイトにアクセスすれば、ターゲット広告や消費者の選択とプライバシーについての詳細をご覧いただけます。 https://optout.networkadvertising.org/ https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ https://optout.aboutads.info/ クッキー関連の停止はモバイルアプリケーションでは有効ではなく、各ブラウザと各端末で個別に停止する必要があることに注意してください。 個人情報に関する諸権利 適用される法令に基づき、ユーザは以下の権利を有することがあります。 当社によるユーザの個人情報の処理の有無を確認する権利 ユーザの個人情報にアクセスする権利、及びそれに付随する詳細な情報のコピーを取得する権利 ユーザが当社に提供した個人情報の電子コピーを受け取る、又はその情報を他社に送信するよう当社に依頼する権利（「データポータビリティの権利」） ユーザの個人情報を変更、更新、又は訂正する権利 個人情報の取扱いへの同意を撤回する権利 個人情報の利用を制限することを要求する権利 当社がユーザの個人情報をターゲティング広告（適用法によって定義されます）等の目的で取り扱う場合に、そのオプトアウト（停止）を要求する権利 当社が保有するユーザの個人情報の消去を要求する権利 当社によるユーザの個人情報の取扱いに異議を唱える権利 ユーザの要求を拒否する当社の決定に異議を唱える権利 これらの権利を行使したい場合は、SmartNewsアプリの「設定」メニューにアクセスしてください。次に、設定メニューから「ヘルプセンター」をクリックしてください。ヘルプセンターでは、お問い合わせを受け付けるためのフォームが用意されております。フォームに要求の内容を明記してください。また設定メニュー内には、アカウント機能やニュースフィードの提供に用いられている個人に関する情報を削除するための機能も備えております（詳細はこちら）。ご不明な点がございましたら、最下部記載のお問い合わせ先までご連絡ください。なお、技術的な制限により、ご要望にお応えできない場合がありますので、あらかじめご了承ください。当社は、個人情報を特定できないようにしたり、匿名化したりすることで、情報の削除の要求に対応することがあります。 これらの権利の行使は、適用される法令に基づいて処理されます。当社は、ユーザのプライバシーを保護するために、ユーザからのご依頼に応じる前に、ユーザご本人であることを確認させていただきます。 ユーザの要求を確認するために、当社は、当社のアプリによって割り当てられたユーザのデバイスに固有の識別子を使用します。ユーザが上記の指示に従って要求を送信した場合、当社は自動的にこの識別子を受信します。ユーザが要求を行う際にこの識別子を受信しない場合、当社はユーザの身元を確認することができず、ユーザの要求にお応えできない場合があります。 適用法によってユーザに異議申立権が認められており、ユーザが自身の要求に関する当社の決定に対して異議を申し立てたい場合、ユーザはその旨を当社に通知し、ユーザの異議を裏付ける情報を当社に提供することにより、異議を申し立てることができます。 情報の保有期間 当社は、ユーザが本サービスを利用している間、又は取得した目的を達成し、本サービスを提供し、紛争を解決し、法的防御方法を確立し、正当な事業上の利益を追求し、当社の契約を履行し、及び適用される法令を遵守するために必要な限り、本ポリシーに記載されているように当社が取得した個人に関する情報を保存します。 情報の管理 当社は、ユーザから取得した、又はユーザについて取得した情報を、不正なアクセス、使用、又は漏洩から保護するために、合理的な措置を講じます。具体的には、ユーザデータの取扱いに関する統一的な規程・マニュアルを整備し、ユーザデータのライフサイクルに応じて遵守すべきポリシーと具体的な取扱方法を定めています。これを当社のアプリの開発に関わる全てのグループ会社間で共有し、定期的な研修を実施するとともに、専門の部署による定期監査を実施しています。 本サービスを使用するか、又は当社に個人に関する情報を提供することにより、ユーザは、当社がユーザの本サービスの使用に関連するセキュリティ、プライバシー、及び管理上の問題に関して、当社がユーザと電磁的方法により通信することに同意するものとします。当社がセキュリティシステムの違反を覚知した場合、当社は、本サービス上に通知を掲示する方法、ユーザに電子メールを送信する方法その他の電磁的方法により、ユーザに通知することがあります。 他のサービスへのリンク 本サービスには、ニュースコンテンツを含む他のウェブサイトやサービスへのリンクが含まれている場合があります。第三者のウェブサイトやサービスで提供され、又は第三者により取得された情報は、当該ウェブサイトやサービスの所有者に直接提供され、当該第三者のプライバシーポリシーの対象となります。本ポリシーは、そのようなウェブサイトやサービスには適用されず、当社は、それらのウェブサイトやサービスのコンテンツ、プライバシー、又はセキュリティやポリシーについて責任を負いません。ユーザの情報を保護するためには、ユーザ自ら、自身のアクセスする他のウェブサイトやサービスのプライバシーポリシーを慎重に確認することをお勧めします。これらの他のウェブサイトやサービスを訪問する際は、ユーザご自身の責任で行ってください。 情報の越境移転 ユーザの情報は、日本又はアメリカ合衆国等、ユーザの居住する地域又は国以外の場所にあるコンピューティング機器に転送され、維持されることがあり、当該場所はユーザの居住国よりプライバシー規制が緩和されている場合があります。当社は、適用される法律の要件に沿ってユーザの情報を保護するよう努めます。 お問い合わせ先 本ポリシーに関するお問い合わせは、privacy@smartnews.com 宛にお願いいたします。 当社のアプリに関するお問い合わせは、アプリ内の「設定」→「ヘルプセンター」からお問い合わせください。 個人情報取扱事業者に関する情報：スマートニュース株式会社東京都渋谷区神宮前6丁目25-16代表取締役 鈴木健 2012年12月1日制定 2014年10月8日改定 2015年2月13日改定 2017年5月17日改定 2020年10月1日改定 2022年3月18日改定 2023年1月31日改定 2023年9月1日改定 SmartNewsプライバシーポリシー 最終更新日：2023年9月1日 はじめに SmartNewsは、利用者のプライバシーを保護することを重視しています。私たちのミッションは、世界中の良質な情報を必要な人に送り届けることであり、そのミッションは利用者のプライバシーを犠牲にして達成されるべきではありません。 適用範囲 本ポリシーの変更 当社は、本サービスの提供のため、本サービスの利用者（以下「ユーザ」といいます）から以下の情報を収集します。 ユーザから提供を受けた情報又はユーザの許可を得て取得した情報 ユーザの本サービス利用に関する情報 外部パートナーからの情報 当社は、本サービスの提供のため、本サービスの利用者（以下「ユーザ」といいます）から以下の情報を収集します。 ユーザから提供を受けた情報又はユーザの許可を得て取得した情報 ユーザの本サービス利用に関する情報 外部パートナーからの情報 ユーザから提供を受けた情報又はユーザの許可を得て取得した情報 ユーザの本サービス利用に関する情報 外部パートナーからの情報 ユーザに関する情報：当社は、ユーザがどのようなコンテンツに興味があるかを理解するため、ユーザの属性や興味関心に関する情報を取得することがあります。また、ユーザがご自身のアカウントを設定したり、その他の方法で本サービスを利用する際、当社は特定のユーザを識別しうる情報（氏名、メールアドレス、プロフィール画像その他の情報）を取得することがあります。 SNSに関する情報：当社は、ユーザが本サービスを通じて特定のソーシャル・ネットワーキング・サービス（以下「SNS」といいます）を利用することを許可する場合があり、ユーザがプライバシー設定を通じて利用可能にしたSNSからユーザに関する情報を取得する場合があります。例えば、ユーザがユーザのTwitterアカウントを本サービスにリンクし、ユーザがTwitterでフォローしている人たちがどのようなニュースを共有しているかを知りたい場合、これらのニュースへのリンクが本サービスを通じてユーザに送信されます。 ユーザの情報がSNSでどのように共有されるか、また、ユーザのSNSアカウントで利用可能な情報については、ご利用のSNSのプライバシーポリシーをご確認ください。 インタラクティブな機能に基づく情報：当社は、ユーザがユーザコンテンツを送信できる機能を含むインタラクティブな機能を提供する場合があります。当社及び本サービスを利用する他のユーザは、当社のインタラクティブな機能を通じてユーザが送信した情報又は利用可能にした情報を取得することがあります。これらの機能で公開された情報は、本ポリシーで言及されているプライバシー保護の対象とはなりません。 調査に関する情報：当社は、当社による調査に参加していただくためユーザに連絡することがあります。ユーザが当該調査に参加する場合、個人情報を含む特定の情報の提供を求められることがあります。 ユーザに関する情報：当社は、ユーザがどのようなコンテンツに興味があるかを理解するため、ユーザの属性や興味関心に関する情報を取得することがあります。また、ユーザがご自身のアカウントを設定したり、その他の方法で本サービスを利用する際、当社は特定のユーザを識別しうる情報（氏名、メールアドレス、プロフィール画像その他の情報）を取得することがあります。 SNSに関する情報：当社は、ユーザが本サービスを通じて特定のソーシャル・ネットワーキング・サービス（以下「SNS」といいます）を利用することを許可する場合があり、ユーザがプライバシー設定を通じて利用可能にしたSNSからユーザに関する情報を取得する場合があります。例えば、ユーザがユーザのTwitterアカウントを本サービスにリンクし、ユーザがTwitterでフォローしている人たちがどのようなニュースを共有しているかを知りたい場合、これらのニュースへのリンクが本サービスを通じてユーザに送信されます。 ユーザの情報がSNSでどのように共有されるか、また、ユーザのSNSアカウントで利用可能な情報については、ご利用のSNSのプライバシーポリシーをご確認ください。 インタラクティブな機能に基づく情報：当社は、ユーザがユーザコンテンツを送信できる機能を含むインタラクティブな機能を提供する場合があります。当社及び本サービスを利用する他のユーザは、当社のインタラクティブな機能を通じてユーザが送信した情報又は利用可能にした情報を取得することがあります。これらの機能で公開された情報は、本ポリシーで言及されているプライバシー保護の対象とはなりません。 調査に関する情報：当社は、当社による調査に参加していただくためユーザに連絡することがあります。ユーザが当該調査に参加する場合、個人情報を含む特定の情報の提供を求められることがあります。 端末情報：当社及び当社が提携する第三者は、ユーザが本サービスにアクセスするために使用する端末に関する情報を自動的に収集することがあります。この情報には、ユーザのインターネットプロトコル（IP）アドレス、端末別の広告識別子（Google Advertising ID又はApple Advertising ID）その他の端末識別子、クッキー情報、端末名、オペレーティングシステム、国コード、アプリのバージョン、及びその他のユーザ設定情報が含まれる場合があります。 行動データ：当社は本サービス上でのユーザの行動に関する一定のデータを自動的に取得します。これには、ユーザが閲覧した本サービスのページ、コンテンツ又は機能、それらのページ、コンテンツ又は機能を使用した時間、ユーザがクリックした本サービスに表示されているコンテンツからのハイパーリンク、リファラに関する情報など、ユーザが本サービスをどのように利用しているかに関する情報が含まれます。 位置情報：ユーザは、ご自身の選択により、天気やローカルニュース、ローカル広告を表示するため、当社に対し郵便番号や市区町村情報、GPS情報などの位置情報を提供することができます。さらに、当社は、ユーザのIPアドレスに基づいてユーザの位置を推測したり、ユーザの端末からのセンサーデータによる近くのWi-Fiアクセスポイントやセルタワーの情報が提供されるものなど、他の様々な技術を使用してユーザの位置を推測することがあります。 端末情報：当社及び当社が提携する第三者は、ユーザが本サービスにアクセスするために使用する端末に関する情報を自動的に収集することがあります。この情報には、ユーザのインターネットプロトコル（IP）アドレス、端末別の広告識別子（Google Advertising ID又はApple Advertising ID）その他の端末識別子、クッキー情報、端末名、オペレーティングシステム、国コード、アプリのバージョン、及びその他のユーザ設定情報が含まれる場合があります。 行動データ：当社は本サービス上でのユーザの行動に関する一定のデータを自動的に取得します。これには、ユーザが閲覧した本サービスのページ、コンテンツ又は機能、それらのページ、コンテンツ又は機能を使用した時間、ユーザがクリックした本サービスに表示されているコンテンツからのハイパーリンク、リファラに関する情報など、ユーザが本サービスをどのように利用しているかに関する情報が含まれます。 位置情報：ユーザは、ご自身の選択により、天気やローカルニュース、ローカル広告を表示するため、当社に対し郵便番号や市区町村情報、GPS情報などの位置情報を提供することができます。さらに、当社は、ユーザのIPアドレスに基づいてユーザの位置を推測したり、ユーザの端末からのセンサーデータによる近くのWi-Fiアクセスポイントやセルタワーの情報が提供されるものなど、他の様々な技術を使用してユーザの位置を推測することがあります。 外部パートナーからの情報：当社は、媒体社、広告主、データプロバイダなどのパートナーからユーザの情報を受け取ることがあります。当社のパートナーは、ユーザの端末に関する情報、端末識別子、ユーザの位置情報、ユーザが利用するウェブサイトや広告、ユーザの閲覧パターン、ユーザが当社のパートナーのサービスをどのように利用しているかに関する情報を含む、本サービス外におけるユーザの行動や属性、興味関心に関する情報を当社に提供することがあります。 当社が情報を取り扱う主な目的は、良質な情報をユーザに提供することにあります。当社は、以下のような様々な業務目的のためにユーザの情報を取り扱います。 サービスや情報の提供のため パフォーマンスの測定と調査の実施のため カスタマーサポートのため 広告提供のため 管理運営上又は法律上の目的のため 当社が情報を取り扱う主な目的は、良質な情報をユーザに提供することにあります。当社は、以下のような様々な業務目的のためにユーザの情報を取り扱います。 サービスや情報の提供のため パフォーマンスの測定と調査の実施のため カスタマーサポートのため 広告提供のため 管理運営上又は法律上の目的のため サービスや情報の提供のため パフォーマンスの測定と調査の実施のため カスタマーサポートのため 広告提供のため 管理運営上又は法律上の目的のため サービスや情報の提供のため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 ユーザとの契約を履行するため 当社が取得したデータから推測されたユーザの興味関心に合わせて、コンテンツをカスタマイズして提供するため ローカルニュース機能や天気予報機能など、本サービスの特定の機能へのアクセスを提供するため ユーザのアカウントの作成と更新のため ユーザの情報の管理のため ユーザとの契約を履行するため 当社が取得したデータから推測されたユーザの興味関心に合わせて、コンテンツをカスタマイズして提供するため ローカルニュース機能や天気予報機能など、本サービスの特定の機能へのアクセスを提供するため ユーザのアカウントの作成と更新のため ユーザの情報の管理のため パフォーマンスの測定と調査の実施のため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 本サービスにおける興味関心と滞在時間等の利用状況を測定するため 研究開発（マーケティング調査を含む）、ネットワークセキュリティ及び情報セキュリティ、不正行為防止など、当社の正当な利益を追求するため 当社の製品や本サービスを改善するため 新製品やサービスを開発するため 一定の分析を実施するため。例えば、個人情報やその他のデータを使用して、非識別化された人口統計情報、非識別化された位置情報、ユーザが本サービスにアクセスしたコンピュータや端末に関する情報その他の分析情報など、非識別化された統計情報を作成することがあります。 本サービスにおける興味関心と滞在時間等の利用状況を測定するため 研究開発（マーケティング調査を含む）、ネットワークセキュリティ及び情報セキュリティ、不正行為防止など、当社の正当な利益を追求するため 当社の製品や本サービスを改善するため 新製品やサービスを開発するため 一定の分析を実施するため。例えば、個人情報やその他のデータを使用して、非識別化された人口統計情報、非識別化された位置情報、ユーザが本サービスにアクセスしたコンピュータや端末に関する情報その他の分析情報など、非識別化された統計情報を作成することがあります。 カスタマーサポートのため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 ユーザからのご質問、ご意見、その他のご要望にお応えするため ユーザや技術サポートのための要望を調査し、お応えするため 本サービス上での行動や利用規約の変更について、ユーザと連絡を取り合うため ユーザからのご質問、ご意見、その他のご要望にお応えするため ユーザや技術サポートのための要望を調査し、お応えするため 本サービス上での行動や利用規約の変更について、ユーザと連絡を取り合うため 広告提供のため。これには、以下の目的でユーザの情報を取り扱うことが含まれます。 ユーザにパーソナライズされた広告を提供するため。当社及び当社のパートナーは、適用される法令の許容する範囲で、パーソナライズされた広告を提供することがあります。 クロスデバイストラッキングを行うことで、異なるウェブサイト、端末、又はアプリでのユーザの閲覧履歴を照合するため。例えば、当社は、ユーザのモバイル端末での閲覧履歴と、ユーザのタブレット端末での閲覧履歴を照合しようとすることがあります。これを行うために、当社のパートナーは、ユーザの行動パターン、位置情報、端末識別子などのデータを共有することがあり、同じユーザが使用していると思われるブラウザ又は端末の情報を照合します。 ユーザにパーソナライズされた広告を提供するため。当社及び当社のパートナーは、適用される法令の許容する範囲で、パーソナライズされた広告を提供することがあります。 クロスデバイストラッキングを行うことで、異なるウェブサイト、端末、又はアプリでのユーザの閲覧履歴を照合するため。例えば、当社は、ユーザのモバイル端末での閲覧履歴と、ユーザのタブレット端末での閲覧履歴を照合しようとすることがあります。これを行うために、当社のパートナーは、ユーザの行動パターン、位置情報、端末識別子などのデータを共有することがあり、同じユーザが使用していると思われるブラウザ又は端末の情報を照合します。 品質管理と安全性の確保のため 特定のご依頼やご請求に対応するための本人確認のため 監査の実施のため 禁止行為や不正違法の可能性のある行為を防止し、通報するため 契約の履行のため 当社の法的義務を遵守するため。例えば、当社は、本サービスの利用に関連する特定のクレームや紛争に関して、特定の司法又は行政機関にユーザの情報を開示することがあります。 品質管理と安全性の確保のため 特定のご依頼やご請求に対応するための本人確認のため 監査の実施のため 禁止行為や不正違法の可能性のある行為を防止し、通報するため 契約の履行のため 当社の法的義務を遵守するため。例えば、当社は、本サービスの利用に関連する特定のクレームや紛争に関して、特定の司法又は行政機関にユーザの情報を開示することがあります。 当社は、以下のような場合において、ユーザから収集した情報を共有することがあります。 広告に関するパートナーと共有する場合 サービスプロバイダと情報を共有する場合 ユーザの同意を得た場合又はユーザの要求がある場合 関連会社と共有する場合 法律上定められた場合 事業承継等に関連する場合 当社は、以下のような場合において、ユーザから収集した情報を共有することがあります。 広告に関するパートナーと共有する場合 サービスプロバイダと情報を共有する場合 ユーザの同意を得た場合又はユーザの要求がある場合 関連会社と共有する場合 法律上定められた場合 事業承継等に関連する場合 広告に関するパートナーと共有する場合 サービスプロバイダと情報を共有する場合 ユーザの同意を得た場合又はユーザの要求がある場合 関連会社と共有する場合 法律上定められた場合 事業承継等に関連する場合 当社は、本サービス上及び本サービスを通じて情報を取得し、広告を提供するために、広告に関するパートナー（以下「広告パートナー」といいます）と連携することがあります。ユーザが本サービスを利用する際、これらの広告パートナーは、ユーザの行動及びユーザの端末に関する情報を取得することがあります（例：ユーザのIPアドレス、端末識別子、訪問したページ、場所、時間帯）。これらの広告パートナーは、ユーザが本サービス及び当該広告パートナーがネットワークを持つ他のサービスにアクセスした際に、ユーザにパーソナライズされた広告を配信する目的で、当該情報（及び他のサービスから収集した同様の情報）を使用することがあります。このプラクティスは、一般的に「インタレストベース広告」又は「パーソナライズされた広告」と呼ばれています。 ユーザの個人情報を第三者の広告パートナーと共有したくない場合は、後述する方法に従ってください。 メディアパートナーと共有する場合 当社は、本サービスの提供のために、多数のメディアパートナーと契約を締結し、良質なコンテンツの提供を受けています。当社は、メディアパートナーに対し、より良いコンテンツ作成のために、ユーザ個人を特定しない統計情報として、各コンテンツの閲覧に関する属性情報や閲覧件数等のデータを提供することがあります。 当社は、本サービスの提供及び管理のために、サービスプロバイダと契約することがあります。当社が情報の取扱いを委託するサービスプロバイダの種類には、以下のものが含まれます。(i)本サービスの提供のためのもの、(ii)ユーザが要求した情報、機能その他のサービスの提供のためのもの、(iii)分析のためのもの、(iv)マーケティング及び広告のためのもの、(v)カスタマーサービスのためのもの、(vi)IT関連サービスの提供のためのもの。 例えば、当社はMailChimpを使用して、本サービスに関する通知（当社のニュースレターや電子メールを含みますがこれらに限定されません）をユーザに送信しています。詳細については、MailChimpのプライバシーポリシー（https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/）をご覧ください。 また、Google Analytics for Firebaseを含むGoogleの分析サービスを利用して、本サービスの分析情報を取得しています。さらに、コンテンツ内のYouTube動画の提供のためにYouTube APIを利用しています。Googleによるユーザの情報の取扱いについての詳細は、Googleのプライバシーポリシー（https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites）をご覧ください。Google Analyticsによる当社ウェブサイト上でのユーザの情報の取扱いをオプトアウトする方法の詳細については、https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout をご覧ください。 当社は、ユーザから同意を得た場合、又は当社がユーザの情報を共有することをユーザ自身が明示的に要求した場合には、ユーザの情報を第三者と共有することがあります。 関連会社に取扱いを委託する場合 当社は、適用法令を遵守した上で、当社のグループ会社に対し個人に関する情報の取扱いを委託することがあります。 当社は、司法機関、行政機関、又は民間団体と協力して、法律を執行し、遵守します。当社は、当社の裁量で、次に掲げる事由のため必要又は適切と考える場合には、法令に基づき、司法機関、行政機関又は民間団体にユーザに関する情報を開示することがあります。(i)請求、法的手続き（召喚状を含む）に対応するため、(ii)当社の財産、権利、安全、及び第三者又は一般の公衆の財産、権利、安全を保護するため、及び(iii) 当社が違法、非倫理的又は法的措置をとることが可能と当社が判断する活動を防ぐため。 当社が合併、買収、資金調達のためのデューデリジェンス、組織再編、破産、管財、資産の購入あるいは売却、又は他の事業者へのサービスの移行に関与している場合、ユーザの情報は、法律又は契約で認められる範囲で、当該取引の一環として共有されることがあります。 クッキー等の利用 クッキーとピクセルタグ等 当社は、クッキー、ピクセルタグ、その他の同様の技術を使用することがあります。クッキーは、端末のブラウザに配置される小さなテキストファイルで、設定を保存し、ユーザの体験を容易にし、向上させます。ピクセルタグ（ウェブビーコンとしても知られています）は、本サービスに埋め込まれたコードの一部で、本サービスでの利用に関する情報を取得します。また、当社では、メッセージが開封されたかどうか、操作されたかどうか、転送されたかどうかを把握するために、電子メールにウェブビーコンを含めることがあります。 当社によるクッキー及び類似技術の使用は、以下の一般的なカテゴリーに分類されます。(i) 本サービスの運用上必要なもの、(ii)本サービスのパフォーマンスに関連するもの、(iii)本サービスの機能に関連するもの、(iv)広告に関連するもの。 ソフトウェア開発キット 当社は、本サービスの機能の一部として、第三者のソフトウェア開発キット（以下「SDK」といいます）を使用する場合があります。SDKは通常、ユーザの端末識別子とユーザの本サービスの利用に関連する情報を取得します。SDKは、分析サービスやパーソナライズされた広告の提供を含む様々な目的で、分析や広告のためのパートナーを含む第三者にユーザの情報を送信する場合があります。当社が使用するSDKの詳細については、後述するとおり当社にお問い合わせください。 個人設定が可能なもの 概要 ユーザは、ユーザの情報に関して特定の使用方法を停止することができる場合があります。 メールによるコミュニケーション 当社からの不要な電子メールを受信した場合は、電子メールの下部にある配信停止リンクを使用して、今後の電子メールの配信を停止することができます。ユーザが要求した本サービスに関する電子メールは引き続き配信されます。当社はまた、当社及び本サービスに関する特定の非宣伝的な通知（本サービスに関する通信、当社の利用規約又は本ポリシーの更新など）をユーザに送信することがありますが、ユーザはこれらの配信を停止することはできません。 モバイル端末の設定 当社は、当社のアプリを通じてプッシュ通知を送信することがあります。ユーザは、モバイル端末の設定を変更することにより、これらの通知を停止することができます。また、ユーザが当社のアプリを介して正確な位置情報の取得を有効にしている場合、当社はこれを取得することがあります。ユーザは、モバイル端末の設定を変更することにより、位置情報の利用を停止することができます。 パーソナライズされた広告 本サービス上で当社が採用する広告技術及び類似技術（例：クッキー）の利用を停止したい場合は、ユーザのブラウザや端末において、それらをブロック、無効化、又は削除することで停止することができます。また、以下の手順に従うことでもこれを停止することができます。なお、これによりパーソナライズされた広告を停止することはできますが、本サービス上にはパーソナライズされていないオンライン広告が引き続き表示されます。 SmartNewsが直接提供するパーソナライズされた広告を停止する場合： 表示される広告を長押しして「SmartNews Adsについて」を押してください。次のページに、本サービス上のパーソナライズされた広告を停止するためのリンクが表示されます。 Apple、Google、その他のモバイルOSの設定により広告を制限する場合： Android、iOSなどの指示に従ってください。また、その他のモバイル端末向けOSでは、パーソナライズされた広告の配信を停止する方法が記載されている場合があります。 SmartNews以外の第三者がSmartNewsアプリ上で提供するパーソナライズされた広告を停止する場合： 各サービスのアカウント設定でパーソナライズされた広告を停止してください。特定のサービスにアカウントを持っていない場合は、そのサービスからパーソナライズされた広告は表示されない可能性が高いです。 https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/ SmartNewsが直接提供するパーソナライズされた広告を停止する場合： 表示される広告を長押しして「SmartNews Adsについて」を押してください。次のページに、本サービス上のパーソナライズされた広告を停止するためのリンクが表示されます。 Apple、Google、その他のモバイルOSの設定により広告を制限する場合： Android、iOSなどの指示に従ってください。また、その他のモバイル端末向けOSでは、パーソナライズされた広告の配信を停止する方法が記載されている場合があります。 SmartNews以外の第三者がSmartNewsアプリ上で提供するパーソナライズされた広告を停止する場合： 各サービスのアカウント設定でパーソナライズされた広告を停止してください。特定のサービスにアカウントを持っていない場合は、そのサービスからパーソナライズされた広告は表示されない可能性が高いです。 オンライン広告業界では、自主規制プログラムに参加している広告主からのターゲティング広告の受信を停止できるウェブサイトも以下のように提供されています。これらのウェブサイトにアクセスすれば、ターゲット広告や消費者の選択とプライバシーについての詳細をご覧いただけます。 https://optout.networkadvertising.org/ https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ https://optout.aboutads.info/ https://optout.networkadvertising.org/ https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ https://optout.aboutads.info/ クッキー関連の停止はモバイルアプリケーションでは有効ではなく、各ブラウザと各端末で個別に停止する必要があることに注意してください。 個人情報に関する諸権利 適用される法令に基づき、ユーザは以下の権利を有することがあります。 当社によるユーザの個人情報の処理の有無を確認する権利 ユーザの個人情報にアクセスする権利、及びそれに付随する詳細な情報のコピーを取得する権利 ユーザが当社に提供した個人情報の電子コピーを受け取る、又はその情報を他社に送信するよう当社に依頼する権利（「データポータビリティの権利」） ユーザの個人情報を変更、更新、又は訂正する権利 個人情報の取扱いへの同意を撤回する権利 個人情報の利用を制限することを要求する権利 当社がユーザの個人情報をターゲティング広告（適用法によって定義されます）等の目的で取り扱う場合に、そのオプトアウト（停止）を要求する権利 当社が保有するユーザの個人情報の消去を要求する権利 当社によるユーザの個人情報の取扱いに異議を唱える権利 ユーザの要求を拒否する当社の決定に異議を唱える権利 当社によるユーザの個人情報の処理の有無を確認する権利 ユーザの個人情報にアクセスする権利、及びそれに付随する詳細な情報のコピーを取得する権利 ユーザが当社に提供した個人情報の電子コピーを受け取る、又はその情報を他社に送信するよう当社に依頼する権利（「データポータビリティの権利」） ユーザの個人情報を変更、更新、又は訂正する権利 個人情報の取扱いへの同意を撤回する権利 個人情報の利用を制限することを要求する権利 当社がユーザの個人情報をターゲティング広告（適用法によって定義されます）等の目的で取り扱う場合に、そのオプトアウト（停止）を要求する権利 当社が保有するユーザの個人情報の消去を要求する権利 当社によるユーザの個人情報の取扱いに異議を唱える権利 ユーザの要求を拒否する当社の決定に異議を唱える権利 これらの権利を行使したい場合は、SmartNewsアプリの「設定」メニューにアクセスしてください。次に、設定メニューから「ヘルプセンター」をクリックしてください。ヘルプセンターでは、お問い合わせを受け付けるためのフォームが用意されております。フォームに要求の内容を明記してください。また設定メニュー内には、アカウント機能やニュースフィードの提供に用いられている個人に関する情報を削除するための機能も備えております（詳細はこちら）。ご不明な点がございましたら、最下部記載のお問い合わせ先までご連絡ください。なお、技術的な制限により、ご要望にお応えできない場合がありますので、あらかじめご了承ください。当社は、個人情報を特定できないようにしたり、匿名化したりすることで、情報の削除の要求に対応することがあります。 これらの権利の行使は、適用される法令に基づいて処理されます。当社は、ユーザのプライバシーを保護するために、ユーザからのご依頼に応じる前に、ユーザご本人であることを確認させていただきます。 ユーザの要求を確認するために、当社は、当社のアプリによって割り当てられたユーザのデバイスに固有の識別子を使用します。ユーザが上記の指示に従って要求を送信した場合、当社は自動的にこの識別子を受信します。ユーザが要求を行う際にこの識別子を受信しない場合、当社はユーザの身元を確認することができず、ユーザの要求にお応えできない場合があります。 適用法によってユーザに異議申立権が認められており、ユーザが自身の要求に関する当社の決定に対して異議を申し立てたい場合、ユーザはその旨を当社に通知し、ユーザの異議を裏付ける情報を当社に提供することにより、異議を申し立てることができます。 情報の保有期間 当社は、ユーザが本サービスを利用している間、又は取得した目的を達成し、本サービスを提供し、紛争を解決し、法的防御方法を確立し、正当な事業上の利益を追求し、当社の契約を履行し、及び適用される法令を遵守するために必要な限り、本ポリシーに記載されているように当社が取得した個人に関する情報を保存します。 情報の管理 当社は、ユーザから取得した、又はユーザについて取得した情報を、不正なアクセス、使用、又は漏洩から保護するために、合理的な措置を講じます。具体的には、ユーザデータの取扱いに関する統一的な規程・マニュアルを整備し、ユーザデータのライフサイクルに応じて遵守すべきポリシーと具体的な取扱方法を定めています。これを当社のアプリの開発に関わる全てのグループ会社間で共有し、定期的な研修を実施するとともに、専門の部署による定期監査を実施しています。 本サービスを使用するか、又は当社に個人に関する情報を提供することにより、ユーザは、当社がユーザの本サービスの使用に関連するセキュリティ、プライバシー、及び管理上の問題に関して、当社がユーザと電磁的方法により通信することに同意するものとします。当社がセキュリティシステムの違反を覚知した場合、当社は、本サービス上に通知を掲示する方法、ユーザに電子メールを送信する方法その他の電磁的方法により、ユーザに通知することがあります。 他のサービスへのリンク 本サービスには、ニュースコンテンツを含む他のウェブサイトやサービスへのリンクが含まれている場合があります。第三者のウェブサイトやサービスで提供され、又は第三者により取得された情報は、当該ウェブサイトやサービスの所有者に直接提供され、当該第三者のプライバシーポリシーの対象となります。本ポリシーは、そのようなウェブサイトやサービスには適用されず、当社は、それらのウェブサイトやサービスのコンテンツ、プライバシー、又はセキュリティやポリシーについて責任を負いません。ユーザの情報を保護するためには、ユーザ自ら、自身のアクセスする他のウェブサイトやサービスのプライバシーポリシーを慎重に確認することをお勧めします。これらの他のウェブサイトやサービスを訪問する際は、ユーザご自身の責任で行ってください。 情報の越境移転 ユーザの情報は、日本又はアメリカ合衆国等、ユーザの居住する地域又は国以外の場所にあるコンピューティング機器に転送され、維持されることがあり、当該場所はユーザの居住国よりプライバシー規制が緩和されている場合があります。当社は、適用される法律の要件に沿ってユーザの情報を保護するよう努めます。 お問い合わせ先 本ポリシーに関するお問い合わせは、privacy@smartnews.com 宛にお願いいたします。 当社のアプリに関するお問い合わせは、アプリ内の「設定」→「ヘルプセンター」からお問い合わせください。 個人情報取扱事業者に関する情報：スマートニュース株式会社東京都渋谷区神宮前6丁目25-16代表取締役 鈴木健 2012年12月1日制定 2014年10月8日改定 2015年2月13日改定 2017年5月17日改定 2020年10月1日改定 2022年3月18日改定 2023年1月31日改定 2023年9月1日改定