Welcome to SmartNews! You are now reading the Terms of Service (the “Terms”) that serve as an agreement between you and SmartNews, Inc. (“SmartNews,” “we,” or “us”) for your use of our mobile device application (“App”), and our news mining and delivery services, accessible via our App. To make these Terms easier to read, our services, the Site and the App are collectively called the “Services.” “Terms” “SmartNews,” “we,” “us” “App” “Services.” We may modify the Terms at any time, in our sole discretion. If we do so, we’ll let you know by posting the modified Terms on the App or through other communications. It’s important that you review the Terms whenever we modify them because if you continue to use the Services after we have posted modified Terms, you are indicating to us that you agree to be bound by the modified Terms. If you don’t agree to be bound by the modified Terms, then you may not use the Services anymore. Because our Services are evolving over time we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Services, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion. You may use the Services only if you are 13 years or older and are not barred from using the Services under applicable law. You can create an account in order to enable certain function(s) of the Services. You shall be responsible for the management of your own account, and shall not lend, sell, pledge, or otherwise transfer the account to any third party. We welcome feedback, comments and suggestions for improvements to the Services (“Feedback”). You can submit Feedback by emailing us at support@smartnews.com. You grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicensable and transferable license under any and all intellectual property rights that you own or control to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon and otherwise exploit the Feedback for any purpose. “Feedback” SmartNews and its licensors exclusively own all right, title and interest in and to the Services and all Content that is not News Content, Advertising Content or User Content, including all associated intellectual property rights. All rights to the News Content and Advertising Content are retained by the third-party that is the source of such Content. You acknowledge that the Services and Content are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of the United States and foreign countries. You agree not to remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices incorporated in or accompanying the Services or Content. “Content” means text, graphics, images, music, software, audio, video, content, works of authorship of any kind, and information or other materials that are posted, generated, distributed, disseminated, provided or otherwise made available through the Services. “News Content” means any and all Content provided via the Services that comprises news content. “Advertising Content” means advertising provided via the Services on behalf of third-parties. “User Content” means any and all Content provided by users via the Services. “Content” “News Content” “Advertising Content” “User Content” This Agreement does not authorize you to, and you may not, copy, distribute, transfer, modify, publicly display, publicly perform or create derivative works based upon Content without our or our partners’ permission. Users who post the User Content shall grant the SmartNews a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license(with the right to sublicense such content to other third parties working together with the Company), for an indefinite period, to use (after modifying such content, if the Company believes it necessary and proper) such content for the Services and/or promotional purposes. Rights in App Granted by SmartNews Subject to your compliance with these Terms, SmartNews grants you a limited non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable license to download and install a copy of the App on a mobile device or computer that you own or control and to run such copy of the App solely for your own personal non-commercial purposes. You may not copy the App, except for making a reasonable number of copies for backup or archival purposes. Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, you may not: (i) copy, modify or create derivative works based on the App; (ii) distribute, transfer, sublicense, lease, lend or rent the App to any third party; (iii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the App; or (iv) make the functionality of the App available to multiple users through any means. SmartNews reserves all rights in and to the App not expressly granted to you under these Terms. Additional Terms for App Store Apps If you accessed or downloaded the App from the Apple Store, then you agree to use the App only: (i) on an Apple-branded product or device that runs iOS (Apple’s proprietary operating system software); and (ii) as permitted by the “Usage Rules” set forth in the Apple Store Terms of Service. If you accessed or downloaded the App from any app store or distribution platform (like the Apple Store, Google Play or the Amazon Appstore) (each, an “App Provider”), then you acknowledge and agree that: “App Provider” Other Additional Terms General Prohibitions and SmartNews’s Enforcement Rights You agree not to do any of the following: Although we’re not obligated to monitor access to or use of the Services or Content, we have the right to do so for the purpose of operating the Services, to ensure compliance with these Terms, and to comply with applicable law or other legal requirements. We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms or conduct that affects the Services. We may also consult and cooperate with law enforcement authorities to prosecute users who violate the law. The Services may contain links to third-party websites, advertising, or resources. We provide these links only as a convenience for you. We do not endorse, verify or vouch for and are not responsible for any view expressed, or the content, products or services on or available from those websites, advertising, or resources or links displayed on such websites. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from, your use of any third-party websites, advertising, or resources. We may terminate your access to and use of the Services, at our sole discretion, at any time and without notice to you. Upon any termination, discontinuation or cancellation of Services, the following provisions will survive: ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, Indemnification, limitations of liability, dispute resolution, and general terms provisions. The Services and Content are provided “AS IS,” without warranty of any kind. Without limiting the foregoing, WE EXPLICITLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. We make no warranty that the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. We make no warranty regarding the quality, accuracy, timeliness, truthfulness, completeness or reliability of any Content. SmartNews does not create, prepare or maintain any News Content provided by or available on third-party websites or resources that are accessible via our Services, and we assume no liability or responsibility for any such third-party News Content. Under no circumstances will SmartNews be liable, directly or indirectly, to any party for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any such News Content. Your use of and reliance on such News Content will be at your own risk. You will indemnify and hold harmless SmartNews and its officers, directors, employee and agents, from and against any claims, disputes, demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to or use of the Services or Content, or (ii) your violation of these Terms. NEITHER SMARTNEWS NOR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, OR DELIVERING THE SERVICES OR CONTENT WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR GOODWILL, SERVICE INTERRUPTION, DEVICE DAMAGE OR SYSTEM FAILURE OR THE COST OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT SMARTNEWS HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, EVEN IF A LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT WILL SMARTNEWS’S TOTAL LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR CONTENT EXCEED THE AMOUNTS OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100). THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN SMARTNEWS AND YOU. Governing Law If you are a resident outside of Japan, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict-of-laws provisions, and the English version of these Terms shall take precedence over the Japanese version. If you are a resident of Japan, these terms will be governed by the laws of Japan without regard to its conflict-of-laws provisions, and the Japanese version of these Terms shall take precedence over the English version. Agreement to Arbitrate You and SmartNews agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Services or Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding arbitration, except that each party retains the right: (i) to bring an individual action in small claims court and (ii) to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights (the action described in the foregoing clause (ii), an “IP Protection Action”). The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any IP Protection Action will be the state and federal courts located in the Northern District of California and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU AND SMARTNEWS ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and SmartNews otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this “Dispute Resolution” section will be deemed void. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this “Dispute Resolution” section will survive any termination of these Terms. “Disputes” “IP Protection Action” Arbitration Rules “AAA” “AAA Rules” Arbitration Process Arbitration Location and Procedure Unless you and SmartNews otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. If your claim does not exceed $10,000, then the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of the documents that you and SmartNews submit to the arbitrator, unless you request a hearing or the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary. If your claim exceeds $10,000, your right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Subject to the AAA Rules, the arbitrator will have the discretion to direct a reasonable exchange of information by the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the arbitration. Arbitrator’s Decision The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator’s award of damages must be consistent with the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” section above as to the types and amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law. SmartNews will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law to recover, attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration. Fees Your responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules. However, if your claim for damages does not exceed $75,000, SmartNews will pay all such fees unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought in your Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). Changes Notwithstanding the provisions of the “Changes to Terms or Services” section above, if SmartNews changes this “Dispute Resolution” section after the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to info@smartnews.com) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated” date above. By rejecting any change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any Dispute between you and SmartNews in accordance with the provisions of this “Dispute Resolution” section as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms). These Terms constitute the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between SmartNews and you regarding the Services and Content, and these Terms supersede and replace any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between SmartNews and you regarding the Services and Content. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. You may not assign or transfer these Terms, by operation of law or otherwise, without SmartNews’s prior written consent. Any attempt by you to assign or transfer these Terms, without such consent, will be null. SmartNews may freely assign or transfer these Terms without restriction. Subject to the foregoing, these Terms will bind and inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns. Any notices or other communications provided by SmartNews under these Terms, including those regarding modifications to these Terms, will be given by posting to the Services. SmartNews’s failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of SmartNews. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise. If you have any questions about these Terms or the Services, please contact SmartNews at: info@smartnews.comIchigo Jingumae Building 2F, 6-25-16 Jingumae, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo, Japan 当社は、本規約を変更することがあります。本規約を変更する場合、当社は、変更内容に応じて適切な変更手続（事前にその旨及び当該変更又は追加の内容並びにその効力発生時期をインターネットの利用その他の適切な方法により周知することを含みますがこれらに限られません）を実施します。なお、以下に定める場合、当社が変更内容及び効力発生時期を適切な方法で周知することにより、ユーザは、変更後の本規約に同意したものとみなされます。 ユーザ一般の利益に適合する場合 本規約の目的に反せず、法令、税制、経済情勢、社会情勢、本サービスの需要、当社の経営環境、その他諸般の事情により変更の必要があり、変更後の内容が相当である場合 ユーザは、本サービスの利用にあたり、以下の行為を行ってはならないこととします。 ユーザは、ユーザご自身の責任において本サービスを利用するものとし、本サービスにおいて行った一切の行為及びその結果について責任を負うものとします。当社は、ユーザが本規約等に違反して本サービスを利用していると認めた場合、事前にユーザに通知することなく、以下の措置を講じる裁量権を有します。ただし、これは当社がかかる違反を防止又は是正する義務を負うことを意味しません。 当社は、本サービスの一部または全部を、ユーザへ事前に通知することなく、いつでも任意の理由で変更、中断、停止または終了することができるものとします。 当社は、以下に定める事項に関して、当社の過失による場合を除き免責されるものとし、ユーザは自身の判断と責任において、これを承諾の上で本サービスを利用するものとします。 当社は、本規約に別段の定めがある場合にかかわらず、本サービスに関し、債務不履行責任、不法行為責任その他何らかの法的責任をユーザに対して負う場合、ユーザに生じた損失または損害について、ユーザに現に発生した直接かつ通常の損害の範囲内に限り、1万円を上限としてその損害を賠償する責任を負うものとします。ただし、当社に故意又は重大な過失がある場合はこの限りではありません。 本規約のいずれかの条項が適用法に基づき無効又は違法となった場合であっても、その無効又は違法は、いかなる意味でも本規約の他の条項に影響せず、その有効性を損なわせず、無効としないものとし、本規約の他の条項はすべて有効に維持されるものとします。 ユーザが日本在住の場合、当該ユーザとの関係における本規約の成立、効力、履行および解決に関しては、日本国の法令が適用されるものとし、本規約の日本語版が英語版に優先するものとします。 本規約に関し紛争が生じた場合は、東京地方裁判所又は東京簡易裁判所を第一審の専属的合意管轄裁判所とします。 「SmartNews+」（以下「SN+」といいます）は、当社所定の料金（以下「定期購読料」といいます）を支払うことにより、当社所定の期間（以下「定期購読期間」といいます）、本サービス内で、追加的に、当社所定の記事やクーポン、機能など（以下「SN+コンテンツ等」といいます）の閲覧や取得、利用が可能となる、いわゆる定期購読（サブスクリプション）サービスです。以下の各規定（以下「本定期購読規約」といいます）は、SN+を利用するユーザに適用されます。 2012年12月1日制定 2020年3月23日改定 2023年4月1日改定 2023年9月1日改定 スマートニュース株式会社