For full functionality of this site, it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the .  NAV MENU MOBILE NAV Main Menu REPRESENT CLO | UK TODO Account 0 Menu links Images New Arrivals 247 X MARCHON X PURESPORT Pre-SS24 Fall Winter 23 Bestsellers Owners Club Initial 247 Footwear Shop All All T-Shirts Hoodies Sweaters Shorts Outerwear Denim Pants Cargos Shirts Sweatpants Vests Swimwear Knitwear Puffer Jackets Varsity Jackets Studio Sneaker Virtus HTN Bully Viper Alpha Apex Reptor Mules Sliders Bags Sunglasses Jewellery Caps Beanies Scarves Underwear Socks Summer Capsule SS23 Graphics Patron of the Club Blank Mini Represent New Era Caps Represent X Stock X Represent X Mötley Crüe Shirting Accessories T-shirts Tops Jackets About Media Behind the brand Inside Rep News Stockists 247 App 247 Blog 247 Collection 247 VINTAGE COLLECTION 247 X PURESPORT 247 X MARCHON 247 Workouts 247 APP Download 247 Strava MOBILE MENU CONTAINER THE VAULT IS OPEN BANNER Localization MOBILE MENU NAV SHOP CATEGORY COLLECTIONS Summer 23 PRESTIGE Get 10% off your first order Cookies Preferences Shipping to: United Kingdom clothing SLIDER clothing Menu Back Shop by Category collections SLIDER collections Menu Shop by Collection Your Cart Free Shipping & Returns Spend over on any to receive a free £250.00 You’re away Continue shopping clear Top Searches Suggestions £ Sold out View All Results Terms & Conditions Shipping We ship to the UK with Royal Mailfor the fastest & most reliable service. UK Royal Mail Tracked & Signed + Free Returns (1-2 Business Days from dispatch) - Free Please note, orders placed after 8:30pm GMT won't be shipped until the following business day. Orders placed under sale or Vault events, please allow up to 5 business days. Free returns are only available for mainland United Kingdom. Tracking information is automatically emailed to all customers. Or messaged via SMS if the phone number is added to your order. If you don't receive this, please check your spam folder. Policy Exchanges / Refunds will be given up to from when the product was received. Please make sure that you have carefully reviewed your order before finalising your purchase. 14 days For more help please contact: . You will receive a reply within 24 working hours.Additionally, reach us via:Facebook - @representcloInstagram - @representcloLivechat - representclo.com Opening Hours: Monday - Friday (9am - 5.30pm BST) Returned footwear must be in box, with original packaging. Soles must have no wear. If footwear is returned with wear / damage these will not be returned back to the customer, and you won't receive a refund. Promotions 04.02.21 – Blanks Packs – 30% discount automatically applied at checkout on orders with three Blanks products. Sales Items Items purchased during sale or Vault events are eligible for either refund, exchange or store credit unless stated otherwise on the product page. Press related enquiries press@representclothing.co.uk Wholesale sales@representclothing.co.uk Payment System Our payment system is managed via and, the worlds leading online payment systems. We also offer Klarna & Clearpay as buy now, pay later solutions.Klarna's Pay in 3 / Pay in 30 days are unregulated credit agreements. Borrowing more than you can afford or paying late may negatively impact your financial status and ability to obtain credit. 18+, UK residents only. Subject to status. Late fees may apply. Ts&Cs apply. PayPal Shopify Payments Represent Clothing LTD © All rights reserved VAT Registration No. GB 169 1738 74 Company No. 9221485 Opening hours Monday - Friday 9am - 5pm GMT. PRIVACY POLICY 1. Introduction This Privacy Policy sets out the types of personal data Represent Clothing Limited, a limited company incorporated in England and Wales under company number 09221485, may collect about you when you interact with us and explains how we process your personal data. References in this Privacy Policy to “ Represent ”, " we ", " us " or " our " are to Represent Clothing Limited. This Privacy Policy applies if you are a visitor to our websites or our social media pages, if you purchase any products from Represent and/or if you are user of our apps. We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you when you visit our websites or social media pages, register for an online account with us, join our loyalty programme, contact us, subscribe to our newsletter, purchase any of our products or when you download and register an account for our apps. Represent is the “data controller” in respect of your personal data for the purposes of data protection legislation and is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office under ZB381266. We are responsible for deciding how we hold and use personal data we collect or receive about you. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. We will ensure that your personal data is stored and used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will regularly review this Privacy Policy and any updates we make will be posted on our websites. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are collecting and processing personal data about you. This Privacy Policy has been drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail on all aspects of our collection and use of personal data. However, we would be happy to provide any additional information or explanation upon request. If you have any questions or concerns about any of your personal data or information contained within our privacy policy, please contact us using the details below. Our website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. Without limiting the foregoing, our website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this website or through any of its features, register on the website, make any purchases through the website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16, we may delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at gdpr@representclo.com 2. How to contact us The person responsible for data protection matters within our organisation is the Chief Digital Officer who can be contacted at gdpr@representclo.com. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices or if you wish to exercise any of your rights over your data as set out in section 12 below, please do not hesitate to contact us by one of the following methods: By post: at our registered office, Unit 1 Northgate Close, Horwich, Bolton, England, England, BL6 6PQ By email: gdpr@representclo.com European Representative As the EU GDPR still applies for any customers who are located within the EEA, we have appointed as our European representative: Wodianka privacy legal GmbH Dr. Volker Wodianka, LL.M. (IT&T) certified Privacy Professional (CIPP/E, CIPM, GDDcert.) Dockenhudener Str. 12a, 22587 Hamburg Germany T: +49 (0)40 211 078 60 M: +49 (0)151 226 593 74 E-Mail: volker.wodianka@privacy-legal.de Any data subject requests relating to our EEA customers can also be directed to our European Representative. 3. What data do we collect? Personal data is any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). Whenever we collect, store, use, disclose or delete your personal data, this is referred to as processing your personal data. As a website user, visitor or customer or app user, we will process different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows: – data which identifies you including your name, title, user name, date of birth and gender. data Identity – your contact details such as your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers. Contact – information concerning the products you have purchased from us including how frequently you purchase from us, whether you have used any discount or gift card codes, or other offers, which products you have purchased, how much you have spent with us and information relating to your membership of our members reward programme, Represent Prestige, including how many Represent Prestige points you have collected and which rewards tier you are in. Purchase – for your security we keep an encrypted record of your login password. Security – information relating to your interactions with our customer service team by email, phone, WhatsApp, on-line chat or by post or by submitting an enquiry form on our website or contacting us via our social media pages. For example, information you provide when you make a general enquiry, ask us for product advice or in the unfortunate case that you need to complain to us. Customer Service – data we collect if you purchase a product from us such as your bank account and your payment card details. Financial – information you provide to us when you review our products or services such as via Trust Pilot or when you provide feedback to our customer services team. Review – data which we capture when you sign up to receive our newsletter or other marketing communications, including your preference regarding us contacting you this way, opt-out data and any vouchers or other offers we have sent you as well as data on how you respond to and interact with our marketing communications. Marketing – electronic information which is automatically logged/stored by processing equipment including details of the device(s) you use to access our services, internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, country and telephone code where your device is located, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access our websites or apps or open our emails. Technical – information about how you use our sites, including how you navigate and interact with our site, which pages and products you view, the time on our site, information about your previous visits, the advertisements you view and click on, the contents of your shopping basket, products on your wish list and which you show an interest in, any search terms you enter and whether you encounter any problems. We also collect data about how you arrive at our websites (e.g. through a search and the search keywords used). Usage – data you provide to us directly about your social media accounts or which we have access to when you connect with us or like or follow our social media accounts, including your social media handle, photograph, date of birth, location, occupation, interests and other information and content you make available via your social media accounts. Social Media We also collect, use and share such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will aggregated data not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We do not collect any about you (such as information about your health, race, political opinions, religious beliefs or sexuality). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences. special categories of personal data 4. When do we collect your data? Direct interactions We collect personal data directly from you when you interact with us or correspond with us directly via our websites or apps, by email, WhatsApp, online chat, by post or on social media. This includes personal data you provide when you: : visit our website; create an account on our website or app; become of member of Represent Prestige, our members rewards programme; place an order for any of our products; subscribe to receive our marketing communications; engage with us on social media, such as by following us, liking our posts, commenting on our posts or sending direct messages; contact us by any means including filing out an enquiry form on our website or by sending us an email; give us feedback or respond to our request for feedback; request marketing to be sent to you; enter a competition, promotion or survey; or comment or review our products. Automated technologies or interactions: When you interact with our website, our systems will automatically collect information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data (namely l Technica and data) by using cookies, tracking pixels, server logs and other similar technologies. Please see the section headed Cookies below and our Cookies Policy at . We also collect information using a pixel contained in our marketing emails. We collect and use this information when you interact with our website and our emails to improve our site content, recommend products of interest to you and to tailor our marketing communications to you. We may also receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below: Other third parties. our third party ecommerce website provider (currently Shopify) whose services enable us to process electronic orders and payments for products and other providers of technical, payment and delivery services; analytics providers such as Google Analytics and Shopify Analytics who provide us with data; advertising networks such as Google Adwords and Facebook who provide us with and data; operators of social media platforms, including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube and TikTok, which may be based outside of the UK and EEA; and review platforms such as Trustpilot who may provide data. 5. How and why we use your personal data We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. The legal basis will vary depending on the reason we are collecting your personal data. Sometimes we might rely on more than one legal basis when we process your personal data depending on why we are using your data. Please contact us as any time if you need more information about how we are using your personal data and which legal basis we are relying on. We have summarised below the legal basis we rely on to use your personal data and examples of how this works in practice: Where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract We will need to process your data when you purchase products from us in order to process and deliver your order including taking payment from you. We are likely to process your , data on this basis. We may also rely on contractual necessity to operate, manage and run your membership of Represent Prestige, our loyalty programme where you are rewarded for purchases. Where we have your consent to do so, subject to your right to withdraw consent We may send you marketing communications by email or by SMS if you have subscribed to receiving these communications from us in this way. Our marketing email provider uses a pixel contained in our emails to track how you interact with them (such as whether they are delivered, opened, marked as spam or unsubscribe) and which features you click on and to collect data (such as the type of device you use to open them and your location). This means that we can send you email content that’s more relevant and tailored to you. If you want to opt-out of email tracking at any time, then you can opt-out of receiving marketing emails. We may rely on the ‘soft opt-in’ to send you marketing emails and/or texts without asking for your express opt-in consent. For further information on the soft opt-in, please see the section on legitimate interests below. You can easily opt-out of our marketing emails by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link or by contacting us by email at gdpr@representclo.com. You can easily opt-out of our marketing texts by texting ‘STOP’ at any time. We will also obtain your consent to collect certain data when we ask you to consent to cookies. Please see the section headed “ ” below for more information. We will get your opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing. Where we process information on the basis of consent, if at any time you want us to stop processing this information, you can withdraw your consent. Where it is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to We are subject to legal and regulatory obligations that require us to process your personal data, for example, anti-money laundering obligations, compliance with subpoenas and government requests, and consumer contracts legislation. We are likely to process your , , , , , and data in connection with this purpose. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests We may analyse your personal information including Marketin g data so that we can form a view of what you may want or need or what may be of interest to you to send you marketing communications relevant to you. We may make use of additional information about you where it is available from third parties for this purpose . Our legitimate interests in processing your personal data for our own business purposes include the following: To manage our relationship with you and notify you of changes to our terms and conditions or this Privacy Policy (which may include processing , , , , , , , , and data); To promote our products and our business, including via our website, via email, via our app and via social media (which may include processing , , , , , , , and data); To personalise our marketing to you to provide you with a better and more engaging experience (which may include processing , , , , , , , and data); Where we have obtained your contact details in the course of a sale or negotiations for a sale of a product or service to you, we may rely on the ‘soft opt-in’ to send you direct marketing emails and/or texts in relation to similar products or services if you do not choose to opt out (which may include processing , , and data). To manage, administer, operate and run the Represent Prestige loyalty programme including the rewards tiers and the earning and redemption of points and other rewards and benefits, communicating with you periodically regarding your Represent Prestige membership including your profile, status and points earned and analysing and administering your Represent Prestige activity and use including points collected and redeemed and any offers, rewards or discounts used (which may include processing , , , and data); To correspond with you concerning your account for our website or our app or your purchases, and to respond to your queries, refund requests and complaints (which may include processing , , , , , and data); To conduct our business and operate as a retailer of clothing, to further our business and community interests and operate profitably (which may include processing , , , , , , , and data); To develop and grow our business, improve our products and offerings, our website, app and our customer service (which may include processing , , , , , , , and data); To process orders for products including managing payments and collecting and recovering money owed to us (which may include processing , , , , , , , and data); To send you survey and feedback requests to help us improve our products and services (which may include processing , , , , , , and data). To administer and protect our business, our website, our online store and our app (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data) (which may include processing , , , , , , and data); To create and maintain accurate business records (which may include processing , , , , , , , and data); To protect our business and financial interests and for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending legal claims (which may include processing , , , , , , , , , and data); To ensure our website and online store and app are being used in compliance with relevant terms and conditions (which may include processing , , , , , , , , , and data); and For fraud prevention, anti-money laundering, and for the prevention or detection of crime (which may include processing , , , , and data). 6. Change of purpose We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we wish to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law. 7. If you fail to provide personal data Where we need to collect personal data from you in order to comply with our legal obligations or to perform a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the relevant contract (for example deliver your products or process your payment). In this case, we may have to cancel the relevant contract. 8. Data security We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. Your personal data is available to authorised personnel of Represent who need access to the information in order to fulfil their duties. All Represent personnel who have access to your personal data will only process your personal data on our instructions and they shall be subject to a duty of confidentiality. We also have place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach. We will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. Unfortunately, however, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. 9. How long will we keep your data? We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. In relation to marketing consents, we may ask for your updated consent from time to time if we have not heard from you in a while to check that you still want to receive our emails or texts. If you decide to opt-out we will keep a record of this alongside your email address or other contact details to ensure that we do not send you marketing communications going forward. In some circumstances we will anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. We shall not have any liability whatsoever to you for the deletion of personal data in accordance with our data retention policy. 10. Who do we share your data with? We may share your personal data with the following third parties in order to perform a contract with you, comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, in our legitimate interests of conducting our business or where you have consented: Third parties who support our website and our app and provide other business systems such as Shopify, our ecommerce provider. Our third party warehouse provider (currently Bleckmann Logistics); Operational companies such as delivery couriers; Our returns carriers (currently ReBound and Happy Returns); Third party payment providers and ‘buy now, pay later’ finance providers such as Stripe, Klarna, Clearpay, Afterpay, PayPal, ApplePay and mollie; Our accounting software providers (currently Xero and Oracle NetSuite); Marketing and advertising providers such as Klaviyo, Ometria and Yotpo SMS Bump; Data analytics companies such as Google Analytics and Shopify Analytics; Social media platforms and online search engines such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, TikTok and Google to show you products that might interest you while you’re browsing the internet and using social media platforms; To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Represent Clothing Limited's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Represent Clothing Limited about our users and customers is among the assets transferred. We may also seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them; Other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction, HM Revenue & Customs, the police, regulators and other authorities and public bodies; Professional advisers, including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accountancy services; Courts, tribunals, litigants, tax authorities and government agencies in compliance with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government, or regulatory request or subpoena or to enable us to enforce any agreement with you; and Our group companies including for the purposes of our regular reporting activities on company performance, operating our business, providing our products and/or services, for system maintenance, support and hosting of data or in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise. We require all our data processors to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our data processors to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. In some instances where we share data with third parties, such as HMRC, those third parties will also be controllers of your personal data. We shall not be responsible or liable for the way in which other data controllers hold or process your personal data. Please contact those third parties for further information regarding how they will use your data. We shall only share your personal data with third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Shopify, our ecommerce provider, may share your data with NoFraud LLC who provide fraud prevention services to detect potentially fraudulent transactions on our website. NoFraud act as an independent data controller when providing these services. A copy of NoFraud’s privacy policy can be found at. 11. International transfers If we need to transfer your data outside of the UK or EEA, we ensure your data receives essentially equivalent protection as if it were being processed inside the UK or EEA by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented: We will transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by UK adequacy regulations (in the case of data transfers from the UK) or EEA adequacy regulations (in the case of data transfers from the EEA). In some instances, we will take steps to ensure that the recipient has an adequate level of protection for the rights and freedoms of data subjects in relation to the processing of personal information and that appropriate and suitable safeguards are in place to comply with data protection legislation. Please contact us if you want further information on and a copy of such arrangements. In the case of data processed by Shopify, our ecommerce provider, details of the data transfers which they make outside the UK can be found at: https://help.shopify.com/pdf/cross-border-whitepaper.pdf 12. What are your rights over your data? You have certain rights in respect of the personal data that we process about you (where we are the data controller because we determine the purpose and means for which that personal data shall be processed): the right to request access to your personal data that we hold and to receive certain information relating to that data; the right to ask us to rectify inaccurate data or to complete incomplete data; the right to receive or ask for your personal data to be transferred to a third party in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you); the right to request the erasure of personal data if it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed or if you have successfully objected to processing (note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request); the right to object to how we process your personal data in certain circumstances, including the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes; restrict processing of your personal data, for example if you want us to establish the accuracy of the data or you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it; and where we are processing personal data relating to you on the basis that we have your consent to do so, you may withdraw your consent at any time (this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent). If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. We may ask you to verify your identity if you make a request to us to exercise any of the rights set out above. This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally, it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. U.S. Residents of California, Nevada, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah may have personal information rights and choices, which are addressed below: California. In addition to the rights set out in this Privacy Policy, California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to gdpr@representclo.com. Nevada. Nevada provides its residents with a limited right to opt-out of certain personal information sales. Residents who wish to exercise this sale opt-out rights may submit a request by sending an email to gdpr@representclo.com. Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah each provide their state residents with rights to: (i) confirm whether we process their personal information; (ii) access and delete certain personal information; (iii) data portability; and (iv) opt-out of personal data processing for targeted advertising and sales. These states also provide their state residents with rights to: (a) correct inaccuracies in their personal information, taking into account the information's nature processing purpose; and (b) opt-out of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. To exercise any of these rights or to appeal an adverse decision, please send an email to gdpr@representclo.com. 13. Marketing preference There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us: You can click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email or text STOP in response to any SMS message that we send you. You can contact us by email at gdpr@representclo.com. Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are updated. 14. Cookies Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and to improve our website, products and services. You can find out more about the way cookies work on www.cookiecentral.com www.allaboutcookies.org . Please note that we are not responsible for the content of third party websites. For more information about the cookies we use and the reasons why we use them, please see our Cookie Policy . We request your consent before using analytical or performance cookies, functionality cookies or targeting cookies, but do not require your consent to use strictly necessary cookies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies (and the above websites tell you how to do this). If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our website may become inaccessible or not function properly. 15. Third party links Our website may contain links to third party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website we encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit. 16. How to complain Please let us know if you are unhappy with how we have used your personal data. You can contact us by email at gdpr@representclo.com. You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues ( www.ico.org.uk ). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please do contact us in the first instance and we shall endeavour to resolve your complaint. 17. Changes to your data It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please let us know if your contact details change during your relationship with us. You have the right to correct any information we hold about you that you think is wrong or incomplete. Please contact us if you want to do this. This Privacy Policy was last updated on 08/31/2023 COOKIES POLICY This Cookie Policy explains what cookies Represent Clothing Limited, a company incorporated in England and Wales, company number 09221485, may set when you use our websites or apps. Our use of cookies Our websites and apps use cookies to distinguish you from other users. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites or use our apps and to improve our sites, products, and services. To find out more about how we use cookies, please take a few moments to read this Cookie Policy. What are cookies? A cookie is a small data file that is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer (or another electronic device). More information about cookies can be found at and . Please note we cannot be responsible for the content on external websites. We use cookies for the reasons set out below. Some of the functions that cookies perform can also be achieved using similar technologies (for example tracking pixels, tags, and server logs). References to ‘cookies’ in this Policy include references to these other technologies. The types of cookies we use We use the following cookies: These cookies are essential for the operation of our websites or apps. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into your account, use a shopping cart, or make use of e-billing services. Strictly necessary cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites or apps when they are using them. This helps us to improve the way our websites and apps work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Analytical or performance cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our websites or apps. This enables us to remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Functionality cookies. These cookies record your visit to our websites or apps, the pages you have visited, and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our websites/apps and our advertising and marketing communications more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose. Targeting cookies. We do not require your consent to use strictly necessary cookies. We request your consent before using analytical or performance cookies, functionality cookies, or targeting cookies. You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table at the end of this Cookie Policy. Third-party cookies We use cookies from third parties on our sites and apps over which we have no control. These third-party cookies are strictly necessary, analytical, or targeting cookies. You can find more information about these third-party cookies in the table at the end of this Cookies Policy. You can also find out more information on cookies provided by the following third parties at the links set out below: Shopify at https://www.shopify.co.uk/legal/cookies Google at https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies?hl=en-US and at https://business.safety.google/adscookies/?hl=en_US AddThis at Facebook/Meta at AdRoll at We use a pixel contained in our emails to track whether they are opened and which features people click on. This means that we can send you email content that’s more relevant and tailored to you. You can easily opt out of our marketing emails at any time. Please see our privacy notice at . Changing your cookie preferences You can change your cookie preference at any time by visiting to manage the use of cookies. You can block cookies by activating the settings on your browser that allow you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. To find out how to do this visit . However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including strictly necessary cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site and app and your experience of our site/app may be impaired. : To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites please visit . Google Analytics You can also use your social media platforms and their privacy settings to adjust your preferences on cookies and tracking. For please see: Facebook/Meta : The following are opt-out schemes that allow you to opt out from receiving targeted advertising from members of those schemes. Targeted Advertising More about your privacy Cookies that allow us to identify you will be considered to be personal data. We will only use these cookies which capture your personal data where we have a legal basis to do so. The information we obtain from the use of cookies will, to the extent that it is considered to be personal data, be used by us in accordance with our Third-party websites When we include links on our site to other websites, please bear in mind that these third-party websites will have their own privacy and cookie policies that will govern the use of any information you submit on those websites. These third-party websites may set their own cookies that capture your personal data. We recommend you read their policies as we are not responsible or liable for the actions of any third parties. If you have any concerns or require any further information, please do not hesitate to contact us at or Unit 1 Northgate Close, Horwich, Bolton, England, England, BL6 6PQ. This Cookie Policy was last updated on November 28th, 2022. Cookies that we use You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below. Type of cookie Cookie name Expiration time Purpose Strictly Necessary apt_pixel Session Control cookie used in connection to the website’s Content Delivery Network (CDN). cart_currency 2 weeks Set after a checkout is completed to ensure that new carts are in the same currency as the last checkout. cookietest 1 minute Common cookie name could have a number of different origins. Where this is first party and a session cookie, it's most likely to do with checking to see if the browser is set to block or allow cookies. enforce_policy l7_az LANG nsid ts ts_c tsrce x-csrf-jwt x-pp-s 1 year 30 minutes 13 months 3 years 3 days 1 week These cookies are used by Paypal for payment processing. gdpr 1 day Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. keep_alive Used in connection with buyer localization. ku1-sid This cookie is used for the payment method Klarna to function. ku1-sid contains a session id for the communication with Klarna. ku1-vid This cookie is used for the payment method Klarna to function. ku1-vid contains a visitor identifier for the communication with Klarna. logState Determines which parts of the website should be accessible for the specific users, based on login-status, geographical location, or other parameters. nf_device This cookie is used by Nofraud. OptanonAlertBoxClosed This cookie is set by websites using certain versions of the cookie law compliance solution from OneTrust. It is set after visitors have seen a cookie information notice and in some cases only when they actively close the notice down. It enables the website not to show the message more than once to a user. The cookie has a one-year lifespan and contains no personal information. OptanonConsent This cookie is set by the cookie compliance solution from OneTrust. It stores information about the categories of cookies the site uses and whether visitors have given or withdrawn consent for the use of each category. This enables site owners to prevent cookies in each category from being set in the user's browser when consent is not given. The cookie has a normal lifespan of one year, so that returning visitors to the site will have their preferences remembered. It contains no information that can identify the site visitor. secure_customer_sig This cookie is generally provided by Shopify and is used in connection with a customer login. shopify_pay_redirect 1 hour, 3 weeks, or 1 year depending on value Used in connection with checkout. _orig_referrer This cookie is generally provided by Shopify and is used in connection with a shopping part. _secure_session_id This cookie is generally provided by Shopify and is used in connection with navigation through a storefront. swym-swymRegid This cookie is used to store an encrypted version of the user’s device ID and information on the user’s session. The ID links the user’s Swym app-specific content to their device. It also retrieves those contents from our cloud storage whenever the user attempts to access Swym apps. swym-email This stores the email address when the shopper logs into the store or when the shopper authenticates their wishlist or subscribes for a back-in-stock alert. swym-ignach Pending It is used to memorize the state of the accordion relative to a “directory box” (open / closed) to present it in the same situation when the page is reloaded. swym-pid Unique identifier to track merchants and their wishlist settings. swym-session-id This is a general-purpose platform session cookie used to maintain an anonymous user session. wisepops_props 2 years Stores custom properties across sessions. __mmapiwsid Used to distinguish a unique device. __verify This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. _cmp_a Used for managing customer privacy settings. _scsrid Secure Cookie Sessions for HTTP _scsrid_r Necessary for the website's booking functionality. Performance JSESSIONID This cookie is used by New Relic for monitoring the performance of web and mobile applications. ometria This cookie is provided by Ometria and is used to collect user data on your visits to our sites and on your purchases. po_visitor We use this to monitor PushOwl related user activity on your website, for example: A/B testing, prompt triggers, subscription statuses, etc. These analytics aid us in learning more about user preferences and behavioral patterns so that we can optimize our services. sc_at Cookie associated with embedding content from Snapchat. swym-cu_ct Related to custom cart experience from Swym on the wishlist. yotpo_pixel Contains data on the latest products viewed by the visitor. Used for internal statistics by the website operator. _dc_gtm_UA-xxxxxxxx a few seconds This cookie is associated with sites using Google Tag Manager to load other scripts and code into a page. Where it is used it may be regarded as Strictly Necessary as without it, other scripts may not function correctly. The end of the name is a unique number which is also an identifier for an associated Google Analytics account. _ga This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics, which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request on a site and used to calculate visitor, session, and campaign data for the site's analytics reports. By default, it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customizable by website owners. _ga_xxxxxxxxxx To generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the Service. _gat_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx A few seconds Google Analytics Cookies. _gclxxxx 3 months Google conversion tracking cookie. _gid This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie, and as of Spring 2017, no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited. _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real-time bidding from third-party advertisers. landingPage This cookie is associated with DataLayer. _landing_page This cookie is used to track, report, and analyze landing pages. _s _shopify_d _shopify_s _shopify_sa_p _shopify_sa_t _shopify_y _y These cookies are associated with Shopify's analytics suite. _uetvid This is a cookie utilized by Microsoft Bing Ads and is a tracking cookie. It allows us to engage with a user that has previously visited our website. Functional localization These cookies are set on pages with the Flickr widget. reeview_uid This cookie is associated with Videowise. swym-ab-test-config Related to controlled feature display. swym-badrid This cookie is used by SWYM to count the number of bad regids. swym-clctmap This cookie is used by SWYM to collect the identity of the user. swym-instrumentMap Related to Wishlist instrumentation for identification of API. swym-isCheckedForMisauth This cookie is used by SWYM to authenticate users. swym-mkt-denied This cookie is used by SWYM for 'wishlist' accept marketing pop-up cancellation. swym-nf_svd This cookie is used by SWYM for fetching saved product data. swym-o_s swym-v-ckd Related to swym app versioning systems. swym-pstlgnrd This cookie is used by SWYM for post-login redirect URL. swym-rapps_cache swym-rconfig_cache Related to retailer configuration. swym-remoteAuth This cookie is used by SWYM for saving the authentication status for a user. swym-rvd This is a cookie used by SWYM for the 'recently viewed' products history of the user. swym-rvn This is a cookie used by SWYM for the 'recently viewed' notification pop-up display history. swym-rvua This is a cookie used by SWYM for the 'recently viewed' last viewed product timestamp. swym-share-wishlist-modal-data This is a cookie used by SWYM for shared wishlist data. swym-shutm This cookie is used by SWYM for the 'utm_source' of the user for session ID. swym-sms-config Related to Swym Postscript integration. swym-tpermts Related to asking user permission for marketing. swym-t_m This cookie is used by SWYM for tier mismatch history. swym-userSettings This cookie is used by SWYM for saving user settings for the HTC app. swym-u_pref Related to the user’s marketing preference. swym-watchlist-mailing-list-subscribed This is a cookie used by SWYM for showing the mailing list checkbox in the back-in-stock popup. swym-weml Related to the user’s email address for Swym apps. vuid Used by Vimeo to store the user's usage history. wpm-domain-test Related to Shopify Store to test the storage of parameters about products added to the cart or payment currency on store.onetrust.com. __cf_bm Used by CloudFlare to read and filter requests from bots. _pin_unauth This cookie is associated with Pinterest. It is used to track the usage of services. _sp_xxxxxxxxxx simplybusiness.co.uk Targeting am_tokens am_tokens_eu-v1 car cip cnac criteo cto_bundle Presents the user with relevant content and advertisements. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. anj CMID CMPRO CMPS uuid2 These cookies are used by Casale Media for Advertising purposes. ar_debug This cookie is used by Pinterest for Social Content Sharing. _pinterest_ct_ua These cookies allow users to share pictures via Pinterest / the "Pin It" button, and Pinterest can collect statistical information about usage of their service. ayl_visitor 1 month This cookie is used by Ads You Like for deep native advertising. browser_data criteo_write_test cto_tld_test optout uid These cookies are used by Criteo for Advertising purposes. callback Collects data on visitor behavior from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisements. This also allows the website to limit the number of times that visitors are shown the same advertisement. cf mv_tokens mv_tokens_eu-v1 _schn1 Sets a unique ID for the visitor, allowing third-party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisements. This pairing service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, facilitating real-time bidding for advertisers. CONSENT VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA 6 months YouTube is a Google-owned platform for hosting and sharing videos. YouTube collects user data through videos embedded in websites, which is aggregated with profile data from other Google services to display targeted advertising to web visitors across a broad range of websites. VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE This cookie is used by Youtube to provide ad delivery or retargeting, store and track a visitor's identity, and store and track interactions. YSC This cookie is used by Youtube to store and track interactions. data-c data-c-ts visitor-id This cookie is used by Media.net for online advertising purposes. demdex This cookie helps Adobe Audience Manager perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modeling, reporting, etc. dpm This cookie is used by Adobe Audience Manager for targeted marketing. IDE __ar_v4 These cookies are associated with the DoubleClick advertising service from Google. Helps with tracking conversion rates for ads. KRTBCOOKIE_xxxx This cookie is used to correlate IDs with those of Pubmatic partners (such as demand side platform clients or other advertising technology companies). Pubmatic passes information stored by the partner in this cookie to the partner when it is considering whether to purchase advertisements. This enables the partner to make better decisions about whether to display an advertisement to you. PugT This domain is owned by Pubmatic. It operates an advertising exchange platform where online publishers can sell targeted advertising space to media buyers using real time bidding. MUID This cookie is used to store and track visits across websites. NID This cookie is used by Google to provide ad delivery or retargeting, store user preferences. shopify_recently_viewed Contains data on the content of the shopping cart. This data is used for marketing purposes by promoting related products or for retargeting purposes. test_cookie 15 minutes Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. tv_UICR tvid This cookie is used by Tremor Video for online video-based cross-device advertising. wisepops wisepops_session wisepops_visits A technical cookie set by Wisepops, a tool used to display pop-ups. The cookie is used for storing a user session identifier in a web application. X-AB Cookie associated with embedding content from Snapchat _scid _scid_r Cookie associated with Snapchat. Sets a unique ID for the visitor, allowing third-party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisements. This pairing service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. __adroll This is a cookie used by Adroll for Advertising purposes. __adroll_consent_params Adroll uses these cookies to help track the user through multiple sessions to serve targeted advertisements. __adroll_fpc This cookie is used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. It is used by real-time bidding for advertisers to present relevant advertisement. __adroll_shared Collects data on the user across websites – This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. _te_ This cookie name is associated with the re-marketing services from Adroll. It is generally set as a first party cookie. Re-marketing is the practice of displaying online advertising targeted to users who have already visited the advertiser's site, to encourage them to return. __kla_id This cookie can track and identify site visitors through an auto-generated ID. This cookie can temporarily hold personally identifiable information. Once a visitor is identified, the cookie can pass their data into Klaviyo. _kuid_ This cookie is used by NetworkAd.net for the purpose of targeting. _tt_enable_cookie This cookie is used as a means of tracking your website activity to help us optimize our advertising. _ttp To measure and improve the performance of advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok. _uetsid This cookie is used by Bing to determine what ads should be shown that may be relevant to the end user perusing the site. Unknown __ta_cart __ta_device __ta_last_pa_time __ta_user_id __ta_visit __wtba nf3695_customer_code pixel Represent Clothing Limited Company Number: 09221485