Back Revisions Sep 25, 2023 Jun 19, 2023 Sep 12, 2021 Oct 15, 2020 All User Agreement Privacy Policy Content Policy Moderator Code of Conduct Cookie Notice Premium and Virtual Goods Agreement Previews Terms of Use Creator Terms Developer Terms Data API Terms Embeds Terms of Use Responsible Disclosure / Bug Bounty Program Trademark Use Policy Transparency Guidelines for Law Enforcement Reddit's Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Contributor Monetization Policy Contributor Terms Deutsch (DE) Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Español (ES) Español (MX) Français (CA) Français (FR) English (US) Reddit User Agreement Effective September 25, 2023. Last Revised September 25, 2023 All User Agreement Privacy Policy Content Policy Moderator Code of Conduct Cookie Notice Premium and Virtual Goods Agreement Previews Terms of Use Creator Terms Developer Terms Data API Terms Embeds Terms of Use Responsible Disclosure / Bug Bounty Program Trademark Use Policy Transparency Guidelines for Law Enforcement Reddit's Anti-Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Contributor Monetization Policy Contributor Terms Deutsch (DE) Italiano Português (PT) Português (BR) Español (ES) Español (MX) Français (CA) Français (FR) English (US) Effective September 25, 2023. Last Revised September 25, 2023  Reddit powers hundreds of thousands of distinct online communities. This User Agreement and your conduct make that possible. Hello, redditors and people of the Internet! This Reddit User Agreement (“Terms”) applies to your access to and use of the websites, mobile apps, widgets, APIs, emails, and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) provided by Reddit, Inc. (“Reddit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). Remember Reddit is for fun and is intended to be a place for your entertainment, but we still need some basic rules. By accessing or using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use our Services. Hello, redditors and people of the Internet! This Reddit User Agreement (“Terms”) applies to your access to and use of the websites, mobile apps, widgets, APIs, emails, and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) provided by Reddit, Inc. (“Reddit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). Remember Reddit is for fun and is intended to be a place for your entertainment, but we still need some basic rules. By accessing or using our Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you may not access or use our Services. No one under 13 is allowed to use or access the Services. We may offer additional Services that require you to be older to use them, so please read all notices and any Additional Terms carefully when you access the Services.By using the Services, you state that: You are at least 13 years old and over the minimum age required by the laws of your country of residence to access and use the Services;You can form a binding contract with Reddit, or, if you are over 13 but under the age of majority in your jurisdiction, that your legal guardian has reviewed and agrees to these Terms;You are not barred from using the Services under all applicable laws; andYou have not been permanently suspended or removed from the Services. If you are accepting these Terms on behalf of another legal entity, including a business or government entity, you represent that you have full legal authority to bind such entity to these Terms. No one under 13 is allowed to use or access the Services. We may offer additional Services that require you to be older to use them, so please read all notices and any Additional Terms carefully when you access the Services.By using the Services, you state that: You are at least 13 years old and over the minimum age required by the laws of your country of residence to access and use the Services; You can form a binding contract with Reddit, or, if you are over 13 but under the age of majority in your jurisdiction, that your legal guardian has reviewed and agrees to these Terms; You are not barred from using the Services under all applicable laws; and You have not been permanently suspended or removed from the Services. If you are accepting these Terms on behalf of another legal entity, including a business or government entity, you represent that you have full legal authority to bind such entity to these Terms. Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with these Terms, Reddit grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to: (a) install and use a copy of our mobile application associated with the Services that is obtained from a legitimate marketplace on a mobile device owned or controlled by you; and (b) access and use the Services. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you by these Terms.Except and solely to the extent such a restriction is impermissible under applicable law, you may not, without our written agreement: license, sell, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or Content;modify, prepare derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any part of the Services or Content; oraccess the Services or Content in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service, except as permitted under any Additional Terms (as defined below). We are always improving our Services. This means we may add or remove features, products, or functionalities; we will try to notify you beforehand, but that won’t always be possible. We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services (in whole or in part) at any time, with or without notice to you. Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Services will be subject to these Terms, which may be updated from time to time. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or any part thereof. Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with these Terms, Reddit grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to: (a) install and use a copy of our mobile application associated with the Services that is obtained from a legitimate marketplace on a mobile device owned or controlled by you; and (b) access and use the Services. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you by these Terms.Except and solely to the extent such a restriction is impermissible under applicable law, you may not, without our written agreement: license, sell, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or Content; modify, prepare derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any part of the Services or Content; or access the Services or Content in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service, except as permitted under any Additional Terms (as defined below). We are always improving our Services. This means we may add or remove features, products, or functionalities; we will try to notify you beforehand, but that won’t always be possible. We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services (in whole or in part) at any time, with or without notice to you. Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Services will be subject to these Terms, which may be updated from time to time. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or any part thereof. The Services may contain links to third-party websites, products, or services, which may be posted by advertisers, our affiliates, our partners, or other users (“Third-Party Content”). Third-Party Content is not under our control, and we are not responsible for any third party’s websites, products, or services. Your use of Third-Party Content is at your own risk and you should make any investigation you feel necessary before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Content.The Services may also contain sponsored Third-Party Content or advertisements. The type, degree, and targeting of advertisements are subject to change, and you acknowledge and agree that we may place advertisements in connection with the display of any Content or information on the Services, including Your Content.If you choose to use the Services to conduct a promotion, including a contest or sweepstakes (“Promotion”), you alone are responsible for conducting the Promotion in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including creating official rules, offer terms, eligibility requirements, and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations which govern the Promotion (such as licenses, registrations, bonds, and regulatory approval). Your Promotion must state that the Promotion is not sponsored by, endorsed by, or associated with Reddit, and the rules for your Promotion must require each entrant or participant to release Reddit from any liability related to the Promotion. You acknowledge and agree that we will not assist you in any way with your Promotion, and you agree to conduct your Promotion at your own risk. Use the Services in any manner that could interfere with, disable, disrupt, overburden, or otherwise impair the Services; Gain access to (or attempt to gain access to) another user’s Account or any non-public portions of the Services, including the computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Services; Upload, transmit, or distribute to or through the Services any viruses, worms, malicious code, or other software intended to interfere with the Services, including its security-related features; Use the Services to violate applicable law or infringe any person’s or entity’s intellectual property rights or any other proprietary rights; Access, search, or collect data from the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) except as permitted in these Terms or in a separate agreement with Reddit (we conditionally grant permission to crawl the Services in accordance with the parameters set forth in our robots.txt file, but scraping the Services without Reddit’s prior written consent is prohibited); or Use the Services in any manner that we reasonably believe to be an abuse of or fraud on Reddit or any payment system. Moderating a subreddit is an unofficial, voluntary position that may be available to users of the Services. We are not responsible for actions taken by the moderators. We reserve the right to revoke or limit a user’s ability to moderate at any time and for any reason or no reason, including for a breach of these Terms.If you choose to moderate a subreddit: You agree that when you receive reports related to a subreddit you moderate, you will take appropriate action, which may include removing content that violates policy and/or promptly escalating to Reddit for review; You are not, and may not represent that you are, authorized to act on behalf of Reddit; You may not enter into any agreement with a third party on behalf of Reddit, or any subreddits that you moderate, without our written approval; You may not perform moderation actions in return for any form of compensation, consideration, gift, or favor from third parties; If you have access to non-public information as a result of moderating a subreddit, you will use such information only in connection with your performance as a moderator; and Reddit reserves the right, but has no obligation, to overturn any action or decision of a moderator if Reddit, in its sole discretion, believes that such action or decision is not in the interest of Reddit or the Reddit community. Except to the extent prohibited by law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Reddit, its affiliates, and their respective, directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, third-party service providers, and licensors (the “Reddit Entities”) harmless from and against any claim or demand made by any third party, and any related liability, damage, loss, and expense (including costs and attorneys’ fees) due to, arising out of, or in connection with: (a) your use of the Services; (b) your violation of these Terms; (c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations; or (d) Your Content. We reserve the right to control the defense of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. Nothing in these Terms will prejudice the statutory rights that you may have as a user of the Services. Some countries, states, provinces or other jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation of liability as stated in this section, so the below terms may not fully apply to you. Instead, in such jurisdictions, the exclusions and limitations below shall apply only to the extent permitted by the laws of such jurisdictions.THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, LEGAL, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE REDDIT ENTITIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, OR ERROR FREE. REDDIT DOES NOT CONTROL, ENDORSE, OR TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE ON OR LINKED TO THE SERVICES OR THE ACTIONS OF ANY THIRD PARTY OR USER, INCLUDING MODERATORS. WHILE REDDIT ATTEMPTS TO MAKE YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR SERVICES SAFE, WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT OUR SERVICES OR SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.IN NO EVENT WILL ANY OF THE REDDIT ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OR THE SERVICES, INCLUDING THOSE ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE ON THE SERVICES THAT IS ALLEGED TO BE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR DEVICE OR COMPUTER SYSTEM, OR RESULTING LOSS OF DATA. IN NO EVENT WILL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE REDDIT ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100) OR ANY AMOUNT YOU PAID REDDIT IN THE PREVIOUS SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SECTION WILL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, INCLUDING THOSE BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE REDDIT ENTITIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF ANY REMEDY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we make changes, we will post the revised Terms and update the Effective Date above. If the changes, in our sole discretion, are material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your Account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing you with notice through our Services. By continuing to access or use the Services on or after the Effective Date of the revised Terms, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you must stop accessing and using our Services before the changes become effective. Because we offer a variety of Services, you may be asked to agree to additional terms, policies, guidelines, or rules before using a specific product or service offered by Reddit (collectively, “Additional Terms”). All Additional Terms are incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms, and to the extent any Additional Terms conflict with these Terms, the Additional Terms govern with respect to your use of the corresponding Services. If you participate in any Reddit program that is subject to Additional Terms (including our Contributor Program), you must also agree to those Additional Terms. Hello, redditors and people of the Internet! This Reddit User Agreement (“Terms”) applies to your access to and use of the websites, mobile apps, widgets, APIs, emails, and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”) provided by Reddit, Inc. (“Reddit,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). Remember Reddit is for fun and is intended to be a place for your entertainment, but we still need some basic rules. In order to use the Services, you must have accepted these Terms, which are: (a) presented to you when you create an Account; and (b) available at all times when you access the Services. If you don’t accept them, you may not access or use our Services. Remember Reddit is for fun and is intended to be a place for your entertainment, but we still need some basic rules. In order to use the Services, you must have accepted these Terms, which are: (a) presented to you when you create an Account; and (b) available at all times when you access the Services. If you don’t accept them, you may not access or use our Services. Subject to your complete and ongoing compliance with these Terms, Reddit grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable, limited license to: (a) install and use a copy of our mobile application associated with the Services that is obtained from a legitimate marketplace on a mobile device owned or controlled by you; and (b) access and use the Services. We reserve all rights not expressly granted to you by these Terms.Except and solely to the extent such a restriction is impermissible under applicable law, you may not, without our written agreement: license, sell, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Services or Content;modify, prepare derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, or reverse engineer any part of the Services or Content; oraccess the Services or Content in order to build a similar or competitive website, product, or service, except as permitted under any Additional Terms (as defined below). We do not guarantee that the Services will always be available or uninterrupted. We are always improving our Services. This means we may add or remove features, products, or functionalities; we will try to notify you beforehand, but that won’t always be possible. We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services (in whole or in part) at any time, with or without notice to you. Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Services will be subject to these Terms, which may be updated from time to time. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or any part thereof. We do not guarantee that the Services will always be available or uninterrupted. We are always improving our Services. This means we may add or remove features, products, or functionalities; we will try to notify you beforehand, but that won’t always be possible. We reserve the right to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Services (in whole or in part) at any time, with or without notice to you. Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Services will be subject to these Terms, which may be updated from time to time. You agree that we will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Services or any part thereof. The Services may contain links to third-party websites, products, or services, which may be posted by advertisers, our affiliates, our partners, or other users (“Third-Party Content”). Third-Party Content is not under our control, and we are not responsible for any third party’s websites, products, or services. Your use of Third-Party Content is at your own risk, and you should make any investigation you feel necessary before proceeding with any transaction in connection with such Third-Party Content.The Services may also contain sponsored Third-Party Content or advertisements. The type, degree, and targeting of advertisements are subject to change, and you acknowledge and agree that we may place advertisements in connection with the display of any Content or information on the Services, including Your Content.If you choose to use the Services to conduct a promotion, including a contest or sweepstakes (“Promotion”), you alone are responsible for conducting the Promotion in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including creating official rules, offer terms, eligibility requirements, and compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations which govern the Promotion (such as licenses, registrations, bonds, and regulatory approval). Your Promotion must state that the Promotion is not sponsored by, endorsed by, or associated with Reddit, and the rules for your Promotion must require each entrant or participant to release Reddit from any liability related to the Promotion. You acknowledge and agree that we will not assist you in any way with your Promotion, and you agree to conduct your Promotion at your own risk. Except to the extent prohibited by law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold Reddit, its affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, third-party service providers, and licensors (the “Reddit Entities”) harmless from and against any claim or demand made by any third party, and any related liability, damage, loss, and expense (including costs and attorneys’ fees) due to, arising out of, or in connection with: (a) your use of the Services; (b) your violation of these Terms; (c) your violation of applicable laws or regulations; or (d) Your Content. We reserve the right to control the defense of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. By using the Services you agree that the Reddit Entities’ liability is limited to the maximum extent permissible in your country of residence. Liability will be limited to foreseeable damages arising due to a breach of material contractual obligations typical for this type of contract. Reddit isn’t liable for damages that result from a non-material breach of any other applicable duty of care. This limitation of liability will not apply to any statutory liability that cannot be limited, to liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or willful misconduct, or if and to exclude our responsibility for something we have specifically promised to you. We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. If we make changes, we will post the revised Terms and update the Effective Date above. If the changes, in our reasonable discretion, are material, we will notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your Account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing you with notice through our Services at least 30 days before the date they become effective. By continuing to access or use the Services on or after the Effective Date of the revised Terms, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. If you do not agree to the revised Terms, you must stop accessing and using our Services before the changes become effective. Reddit, Inc.303 2nd Street, Suite 500SSan Francisco, CA 94107United StatesThe following representative is authorized to receive service in Germany on behalf of Reddit, Inc. for administrative and judicial proceedings within the meaning of Section 5(1) of the Network Enforcement Act:Taylor Wessing PartG mbB- NetzDG-Zustellungen -Am Sandtorkai 4120457 HamburgGermanyThis authorization to receive service relates exclusively to service in respect of unlawful content within the meaning of Section 1(3) of the Network Enforcement Act. Facebook Instagram Twitter YouTube LinkedIn