You have the right to leave this service at any time. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites. Your account can be suspended for several reasons. You can choose the copyright license. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time. You can scrape the site, as long as it doesn't impact the server too much. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. Third parties are involved in operating the service. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. Harming minors in any ways is prohibited. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. No need to register. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim. The court of law governing the terms is in Amsterdam, The Netherlands. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection.. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. Content is published under a free license instead of a bilateral one.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. You maintain sole ownership of your content and no intellectual property is transferred to the service. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes