Skip to content Skip to site index Explore CryptoView crypto prices and charts View crypto prices and charts ENS ProfilesBuild your web3 presence today Build your web3 presence today Web3Dive into the world of dapps Dive into the world of dapps Learn Tips & Tutorials Crypto basics Update the system Web3 Market updates Crypto policy Guides and explainers for your crypto questions Individuals Buy and sellBuy, sell and use crypto Buy, sell and use crypto AdvancedBuy, sell and use crypto WalletThe best self-hosted crypto wallet The best self-hosted crypto wallet EarnEarn rewards on your crypto Earn rewards on your crypto CardSpend crypto, earn crypto rewards Spend crypto, earn crypto rewards Private ClientFor trusts, family offices, UHNWIs For trusts, family offices, UHNWIs BorrowBorrow cash using Bitcoin as collateral Borrow cash using Bitcoin as collateral Learning rewardsLearn and earn crypto Learn and earn crypto NFTCreate, collect, connect Create, collect, connect Coinbase OneGet more out of crypto Get more out of crypto Buy, sell, and spend crypto on the world's most trusted crypto exchange Businesses InstitutionalSolutions for institutional investors Solutions for institutional investors PrimeThe prime brokerage platform The prime brokerage platform CommerceAccept crypto from anyone Accept crypto from anyone Asset HubList your asset on Coinbase List your asset on Coinbase ExchangeDirect access to our exchange Direct access to our exchange Derivatives ExchangeTrade an accessible futures market Trade an accessible futures market International ExchangeDirect access to our international exchange Direct access to our international exchange Crypto solutions for institutional investors, family offices, and businesses Developers CloudDeveloper tools and APIs Developer tools and APIs Pay SDKA secure fiat-to-crypto solution A secure fiat-to-crypto solution Wallet as a ServiceOnboard your users to web3 Onboard your users to web3 Wallet SDKLink dapps to Coinbase Wallet Link dapps to Coinbase Wallet Commerce APIAccept crypto payments from customers Accept crypto payments from customers DelegateStake tokens to earn rewards Stake tokens to earn rewards BaseAn Ethereum L2 to build dapps An Ethereum L2 to build dapps Testnet FaucetsGet testnet funds Get testnet funds Tools and APIs for developers building with crypto Company About Careers Affiliates Support Blog Security Learn all about CoinbaseWe're building an open financial system for the world. We're building an open financial system for the world.  Sign In Sign up Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Prohibited Use Policy Accessibility Statement Legal Last updated: May 2, 2023 Section 11 below we us our Users Customers you your “Services” coinbase.com coinbase.com/exchange coinbase.com/prime custody.coinbase.com coinbase.com/cloud Site Sites API Apps If you reside outside of the UK and the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), accessing and using our Services means that you accept this Privacy Policy and its terms. EEA It is important that you understand how we use your information. You should read this page in full, but below are the key highlights and some helpful links: Our goal is to simplify your crypto experience. If you do not wish for your personal information to be collected, used, or disclosed as described in this Privacy Policy, or you are under 18 years of age, you should stop accessing our Services. We collect and use your information in order to provide and improve our Services and your experience, protect the security and integrity of our platform, and meet our legal obligations. Section 1. What Information We Collect Section 2. How We Use Your Information We share your information with other Coinbase companies, as well as trusted third parties and service providers, in order to offer our Services and fulfill legal requirements. Section 3. How And Why We Share Your Information Privacy Rights Dashboard Support Portal Section 9. How to Contact Us With Questions 1. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe collect the following personal information and documentation: 1. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect the following personal information and documentation: Information You Provide to UsInformation CategoryDescriptionBasic Customer InformationName, Address, Date of birth, Nationality, Country of residence, Gender, Phone number, Email Address Supplemental Identification Information Utility bills (for your billing address), Photographs and/or videos, Government-issued identity document, e.g. passport, driver’s license, or state identification card, Social security number, Employment information (e.g. company name), Proof of residency, including visa informationElectronic Identification (“EIDV”) InformationBiometric information generated based on photos or videos you provide in order for us to verify your identityInstitutional Information (if you are an institutional Customer)Employer Identification number (or comparable number issued by a government), Personal identification information for all material beneficial owners of your businessFinancial InformationBank account number, Payment card primary account number ("PAN"), Trading and investment experience, Tax identification number, Income/net assets/wealth verification statements Wallet InformationWhen you sign up to use our Web3 browser, self-custody, or multi-coin crypto wallet, and connect it to your Coinbase account, we collect your Wallet address and information related to integrations that you selectPreferencesThe digital asset(s) you choose to be paid in through our Direct Deposit service, Settings and preferences you select in the Coinbase appTransaction InformationInformation about the transactions made on our Services, such as the name of the sender, the name of the recipient, the amount, currency preferences, payment method, date, and/or timestampAdditional information you submit to usCommunications: Survey responses, information (including call recordings) provided to our Customer Support team or User Research teamReferral Information: Your contacts’ phone or email addresses if you choose to invite friends to Coinbase (available only in certain countries outside the EEA) Information You Provide to Us Information You Provide to Us  Information CategoryDescriptionBasic Customer InformationName, Address, Date of birth, Nationality, Country of residence, Gender, Phone number, Email Address Supplemental Identification Information Utility bills (for your billing address), Photographs and/or videos, Government-issued identity document, e.g. passport, driver’s license, or state identification card, Social security number, Employment information (e.g. company name), Proof of residency, including visa informationElectronic Identification (“EIDV”) InformationBiometric information generated based on photos or videos you provide in order for us to verify your identityInstitutional Information (if you are an institutional Customer)Employer Identification number (or comparable number issued by a government), Personal identification information for all material beneficial owners of your businessFinancial InformationBank account number, Payment card primary account number ("PAN"), Trading and investment experience, Tax identification number, Income/net assets/wealth verification statements Wallet InformationWhen you sign up to use our Web3 browser, self-custody, or multi-coin crypto wallet, and connect it to your Coinbase account, we collect your Wallet address and information related to integrations that you selectPreferencesThe digital asset(s) you choose to be paid in through our Direct Deposit service, Settings and preferences you select in the Coinbase appTransaction InformationInformation about the transactions made on our Services, such as the name of the sender, the name of the recipient, the amount, currency preferences, payment method, date, and/or timestampAdditional information you submit to usCommunications: Survey responses, information (including call recordings) provided to our Customer Support team or User Research teamReferral Information: Your contacts’ phone or email addresses if you choose to invite friends to Coinbase (available only in certain countries outside the EEA) Information Category Description Basic Customer Information Name, Address, Date of birth, Nationality, Country of residence, Gender, Phone number, Email Address Supplemental Identification Information Utility bills (for your billing address), Photographs and/or videos, Government-issued identity document, e.g. passport, driver’s license, or state identification card, Social security number, Employment information (e.g. company name), Proof of residency, including visa information Electronic Identification (“EIDV”) Information EIDV Biometric information generated based on photos or videos you provide in order for us to verify your identity Institutional Information (if you are an institutional Customer) Employer Identification number (or comparable number issued by a government), Personal identification information for all material beneficial owners of your business Financial Information Bank account number, Payment card primary account number ("PAN"), Trading and investment experience, Tax identification number, Income/net assets/wealth verification statements PAN Wallet Information When you sign up to use our Web3 browser, self-custody, or multi-coin crypto wallet, and connect it to your Coinbase account, we collect your Wallet address and information related to integrations that you select Preferences The digital asset(s) you choose to be paid in through our Direct Deposit service, Settings and preferences you select in the Coinbase app Transaction Information Information about the transactions made on our Services, such as the name of the sender, the name of the recipient, the amount, currency preferences, payment method, date, and/or timestamp Additional information you submit to us Communications: Survey responses, information (including call recordings) provided to our Customer Support team or User Research teamReferral Information: Your contacts’ phone or email addresses if you choose to invite friends to Coinbase (available only in certain countries outside the EEA) Communications: Survey responses, information (including call recordings) provided to our Customer Support team or User Research team Communications: Referral Information: Your contacts’ phone or email addresses if you choose to invite friends to Coinbase (available only in certain countries outside the EEA) Referral Information: Information Collected Automatically Information Collected Automatically App, browser, and device information Information about the device, operating system, and browser you’re usingOther device characteristics or identifiers (e.g. plugins, the network you connect to)IP address Information about the device, operating system, and browser you’re using Other device characteristics or identifiers (e.g. plugins, the network you connect to) IP address Product Usage Information Activity information: Information about what you view or click on while visiting our Sites and Apps and how you use our ServicesDiagnostic and Troubleshooting Information: Information about how our Services are performing when you use them, i.e. service-related diagnostic and performance information, including timestamps, crash data, website performance logs, and error messages or reports Activity information: Information about what you view or click on while visiting our Sites and Apps and how you use our Services Activity information: Diagnostic and Troubleshooting Information: Information about how our Services are performing when you use them, i.e. service-related diagnostic and performance information, including timestamps, crash data, website performance logs, and error messages or reports Diagnostic and Troubleshooting Information: Information from cookies and similar technologies Cookies Policy Information we obtain from Affiliates and third parties Information we obtain from Affiliates and third parties Coinbase Group of Companies (“Affiliates”) Section 3. How and Why We Share Your Information Public Database Information We obtain information about you from public databases, such as the United Nations Sanctions List, US ITA Consolidated Screening List, and the SEC EDGAR, including your name, address, email address, phone number, gender, national ID number and nationality/country of residence, date of birth, job role, public employment profile, listing on any sanctions lists maintained by public authorities, and other data as necessary Blockchain Data We may analyze public blockchain data, including timestamps of transactions or events, transaction IDs, digital signatures, transaction amounts, and wallet addresses Information from our Marketing and Advertising Partners We receive information such as your name and contact information from our marketing partners, including in some instances what marketing content you viewed or the actions you take on our Sites Information from Analytics Providers We receive information about your Site usage, interactions, age group, and survey responses (including prior to account creation, in some cases) Retail Merchant Information If you use your Coinbase account to conduct a transaction with a third party merchant, the merchant may provide us with data about you, such as your name and contact details, and your transaction with that merchant Research and In-App Survey Information We use third party service providers to conduct in-app surveys to better understand our Customers’ experience and improve our Services. The information we receive from our research partners is pseudonymous 2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATIONWe use your personal information to deliver, personalize, operate, improve, create, and develop our Services, to provide you with a secure, smooth, efficient and customized experience as you use them, and for legal compliance, loss prevention, and anti-fraud purposes. Learn more about how we use your personal information and our legal basis for each such data use: 2. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION We use your personal information to deliver, personalize, operate, improve, create, and develop our Services, to provide you with a secure, smooth, efficient and customized experience as you use them, and for legal compliance, loss prevention, and anti-fraud purposes. Learn more about how we use your personal information and our legal basis for each such data use: Data use necessary to perform our contract with you Data use necessary to perform our contract with you Customer Agreement Why and How We Use Your Information Information Categories Used To create and maintain your Coinbase accountIn order to provide you with our Services, and to allow you to set up a customer account and profile. To create and maintain your Coinbase account In order to provide you with our Services, and to allow you to set up a customer account and profile. Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Financial Information To provide you with Consumer ServicesIn order to provide you with personalized Services to invest (such as buy or sell), save, earn, spend, stake, and borrow within your account, including hosting and maintaining your digital wallets, including your E-Money Wallet, Digital Currency Wallet, and Web3 Wallet (when you connect them to your Coinbase account). To provide you with Consumer Services In order to provide you with personalized Services to invest (such as buy or sell), save, earn, spend, stake, and borrow within your account, including hosting and maintaining your digital wallets, including your E-Money Wallet, Digital Currency Wallet, and Web3 Wallet (when you connect them to your Coinbase account). Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Financial Information, Institutional Information, Transaction Information, Wallet Information, Preferences, Blockchain Data, Product Usage Information, Additional information you submit to us (not including Referral Information, which we do not retain) To provide you with Institutional ServicesIn order to provide Services to you, investors and institutions to allow investing, payment, asset listings, and account management. To provide you with Institutional Services In order to provide Services to you, investors and institutions to allow investing, payment, asset listings, and account management. Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Financial Information, Institutional Information, Additional information you submit to us, Wallet Information, Transaction Information To provide you with Developer ServicesIn order to provide you with Coinbase Pay, a payment feature that allows you to buy or transfer supported crypto on Coinbase to your wallet, and Direct Deposit, which allows you to get your salary paid in the cryptocurrency of your choice, asset controls, and connects merchants to Users or Customers to allow acceptance and provision of crypto payments. To provide you with Developer Services In order to provide you with Coinbase Pay, a payment feature that allows you to buy or transfer supported crypto on Coinbase to your wallet, and Direct Deposit, which allows you to get your salary paid in the cryptocurrency of your choice, asset controls, and connects merchants to Users or Customers to allow acceptance and provision of crypto payments. Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Financial Information, Preferences To provide you with Coinbase Cloud ServicesIn order to provide you with our Coinbase Cloud services, which offers tools, APIs and infrastructure for Web3 development and, staking services. To provide you with Coinbase Cloud Services In order to provide you with our Coinbase Cloud services, which offers tools, APIs and infrastructure for Web3 development and, staking services. Basic Customer Information, Transaction Information, Wallet Information, Financial Information, Blockchain Data To provide customer supportTo address your request for support in the Apps, via the Sites or by email and to respond to customer care and other inquiries, including providing telephone-based premium customer support to Customers (who provide their telephone numbers), chat message support, and social support. To provide customer support To address your request for support in the Apps, via the Sites or by email and to respond to customer care and other inquiries, including providing telephone-based premium customer support to Customers (who provide their telephone numbers), chat message support, and social support. Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information (including Location Information), Communications To send Service communicationsTo send you administrative or account-related communications about our Services, which can include security updates or transaction-related information, through email, telephone, or in-product/push notifications. You may not opt-out of receiving critical service communications, such as emails or mobile notifications sent for legal or security purposes. To send Service communications To send you administrative or account-related communications about our Services, which can include security updates or transaction-related information, through email, telephone, or in-product/push notifications. You may not opt-out of receiving critical service communications, such as emails or mobile notifications sent for legal or security purposes. Basic Customer Information, Product Usage Information, Communications, Transaction Information To promote the safety, security and integrity of our Services Agreement Prohibited & Conditional Use Policy ATO Basic Customer Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Institutional Information, Financial Information, Communications, Additional information you submit to us Data use to comply with our legal obligationsOur Services are subject to laws and regulations requiring us to collect, use, and store your personal information in certain ways. If you do not provide the personal information required by law, we will have to close your account.Why and How We Use Your InformationInformation Categories UsedTo verify your identityWe are generally required to collect various pieces of personal information to properly identify or verify your identity and comply with other specific anti-money laundering (“AML”) or sanctions laws/regulations (e.g. funds transfer rules). Our verification processes also involve electronic identification through the comparison of your ‘selfie’ against your provided verification information. All such information is securely maintained by Coinbase and its service providers, and is only disclosed where permitted by law. Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, EIDV InformationTo determine your legal eligibility for certain regulated productsWhen you use certain locally regulated products or engage in certain advanced trading activities, we may be required to carry out additional checks to ensure your suitability (e.g. under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation).Basic Customer Information, Financial Information, Supplemental Identification InformationTo comply with other legal and regulatory obligationsWe may access, read, preserve, and disclose information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with law, legal obligations, regulations, law enforcement, governmental, and other legal requests, court orders, or for disclosure to tax authorities. Examples of laws that may require us to collect, use or disclose your information:Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, US federal and state consumer protection and privacy laws, subpoenas from any court with jurisdiction, and/or Singapore Criminal Procedure Code 2010).Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997, and the Internal Revenue Service code.Regulatory matters: to comply with our regulatory obligations, including engaging with our regulators, such as (but not limited to) the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the National Futures Association, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Central Bank of Ireland, the German federal financial supervisory authority ("BaFin"), the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information , Institutional Information, Wallet Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications Information, Blockchain Data Data use to comply with our legal obligations Data use to comply with our legal obligations Our Services are subject to laws and regulations requiring us to collect, use, and store your personal information in certain ways. If you do not provide the personal information required by law, we will have to close your account.Why and How We Use Your InformationInformation Categories UsedTo verify your identityWe are generally required to collect various pieces of personal information to properly identify or verify your identity and comply with other specific anti-money laundering (“AML”) or sanctions laws/regulations (e.g. funds transfer rules). Our verification processes also involve electronic identification through the comparison of your ‘selfie’ against your provided verification information. All such information is securely maintained by Coinbase and its service providers, and is only disclosed where permitted by law. Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, EIDV InformationTo determine your legal eligibility for certain regulated productsWhen you use certain locally regulated products or engage in certain advanced trading activities, we may be required to carry out additional checks to ensure your suitability (e.g. under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation).Basic Customer Information, Financial Information, Supplemental Identification InformationTo comply with other legal and regulatory obligationsWe may access, read, preserve, and disclose information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with law, legal obligations, regulations, law enforcement, governmental, and other legal requests, court orders, or for disclosure to tax authorities. Examples of laws that may require us to collect, use or disclose your information:Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, US federal and state consumer protection and privacy laws, subpoenas from any court with jurisdiction, and/or Singapore Criminal Procedure Code 2010).Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997, and the Internal Revenue Service code.Regulatory matters: to comply with our regulatory obligations, including engaging with our regulators, such as (but not limited to) the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the National Futures Association, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Central Bank of Ireland, the German federal financial supervisory authority ("BaFin"), the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information , Institutional Information, Wallet Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications Information, Blockchain Data Our Services are subject to laws and regulations requiring us to collect, use, and store your personal information in certain ways. If you do not provide the personal information required by law, we will have to close your account. To verify your identityWe are generally required to collect various pieces of personal information to properly identify or verify your identity and comply with other specific anti-money laundering (“AML”) or sanctions laws/regulations (e.g. funds transfer rules). Our verification processes also involve electronic identification through the comparison of your ‘selfie’ against your provided verification information. All such information is securely maintained by Coinbase and its service providers, and is only disclosed where permitted by law. To verify your identity We are generally required to collect various pieces of personal information to properly identify or verify your identity and comply with other specific anti-money laundering (“AML”) or sanctions laws/regulations (e.g. funds transfer rules). Our verification processes also involve electronic identification through the comparison of your ‘selfie’ against your provided verification information. All such information is securely maintained by Coinbase and its service providers, and is only disclosed where permitted by law. AML Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, EIDV Information To determine your legal eligibility for certain regulated productsWhen you use certain locally regulated products or engage in certain advanced trading activities, we may be required to carry out additional checks to ensure your suitability (e.g. under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation). To determine your legal eligibility for certain regulated products When you use certain locally regulated products or engage in certain advanced trading activities, we may be required to carry out additional checks to ensure your suitability (e.g. under the European Market Infrastructure Regulation). Basic Customer Information, Financial Information, Supplemental Identification Information To comply with other legal and regulatory obligationsWe may access, read, preserve, and disclose information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with law, legal obligations, regulations, law enforcement, governmental, and other legal requests, court orders, or for disclosure to tax authorities. Examples of laws that may require us to collect, use or disclose your information:Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, US federal and state consumer protection and privacy laws, subpoenas from any court with jurisdiction, and/or Singapore Criminal Procedure Code 2010).Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997, and the Internal Revenue Service code.Regulatory matters: to comply with our regulatory obligations, including engaging with our regulators, such as (but not limited to) the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the National Futures Association, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Central Bank of Ireland, the German federal financial supervisory authority ("BaFin"), the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. To comply with other legal and regulatory obligations We may access, read, preserve, and disclose information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with law, legal obligations, regulations, law enforcement, governmental, and other legal requests, court orders, or for disclosure to tax authorities. Examples of laws that may require us to collect, use or disclose your information: Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, US federal and state consumer protection and privacy laws, subpoenas from any court with jurisdiction, and/or Singapore Criminal Procedure Code 2010). Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997, and the Internal Revenue Service code. Corporate and taxation matters: Regulatory matters: to comply with our regulatory obligations, including engaging with our regulators, such as (but not limited to) the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the National Futures Association, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Central Bank of Ireland, the German federal financial supervisory authority ("BaFin"), the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission. Regulatory matters BaFin Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information , Institutional Information, Wallet Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications Information, Blockchain Data Data use for our Legitimate Interests Data use for our Legitimate Interests Section 7. Your Privacy Rights and Choices Legitimate Interests Relied On To customize your experience with our Services and otherwise improve our ServicesIn order to perform core metrics, customize your experience with our Services and to generally improve our Services, we collect information about your online activity while you are using the Services (for example, when and how often pages on our Sites are visited, and our Services are used). To customize your experience with our Services and otherwise improve our Services In order to perform core metrics, customize your experience with our Services and to generally improve our Services, we collect information about your online activity while you are using the Services (for example, when and how often pages on our Sites are visited, and our Services are used). It is in our interest to understand how you interact with the Services in order to customize and/or improve our products and Services and enable accurate and reliable reporting. Basic Customer Information, Product Usage Information, Transaction Information To provide marketing communications to youWe use your information to send you targeted marketing communications through email, mobile, in-app and push notifications or by SMS.You may also see ads for our Services when you visit other apps and websites. To provide marketing communications to you We use your information to send you targeted marketing communications through email, mobile, in-app and push notifications or by SMS. You may also see ads for our Services when you visit other apps and websites. It is in our interest to promote Coinbase products and Services that you may be interested in. Basic Customer Information, Institutional Information, Product Usage Information, Transaction Information, Information from our Marketing Partners To provide you with promotionsWe use your information to provide promotions, including sweepstakes offers or other incentives and rewards for using our Services. To provide you with promotions We use your information to provide promotions, including sweepstakes offers or other incentives and rewards for using our Services. It is in our interest and your interest to reward customer loyalty. Basic Customer Information, Wallet Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Transaction Information We preserve and share information with others, including law enforcement, civil litigants, and others who may issue legal requests Where not otherwise required by law, and depending on the circumstances, we may preserve and share your information:- in response to requests from third parties, such as civil litigants, law enforcement, and other government authorities, for example to assist authorities in the investigation of fraud;- to promote the safety, security, and integrity of the Coinbase Service, network, our Customers, Users, employees, property and the public;- when we seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation or other disputes, such as violations of our Customer Agreement and policies; and/or- to respond to Customer/claimant requests or communications, reviewing Customer accounts and transactions for litigation disputes, and recording account details for litigation and settlement purposes. We preserve and share information with others, including law enforcement, civil litigants, and others who may issue legal requests Where not otherwise required by law, and depending on the circumstances, we may preserve and share your information: - in response to requests from third parties, such as civil litigants, law enforcement, and other government authorities, for example to assist authorities in the investigation of fraud; - to promote the safety, security, and integrity of the Coinbase Service, network, our Customers, Users, employees, property and the public; - when we seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation or other disputes, such as violations of our Customer Agreement and policies; and/or - to respond to Customer/claimant requests or communications, reviewing Customer accounts and transactions for litigation disputes, and recording account details for litigation and settlement purposes. It is in our interest and the interest of the general public to prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of the Services, violations of our terms or policies, or other harmful or illegal activity; to protect ourselves (including our rights, Coinbase personnel and property or the Service), our Customers or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries; to defend our legal rights and resolve disputes; to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent and address fraud, abuse, spam and other bad experiences or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Institutional Information, Wallet Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications Information, Blockchain Data To promote safety, security and integrity Outside of performing our contract with you, we may use and analyze your information to protect the integrity of our Services. For example, we may use it to:- log customer reports and patterns of suspicious behaviour to understand techniques being used by bad actors who may wish to interfere with the Services; and- to identify and investigate patterns of suspicious behavior or violations of our policies and Terms. To promote safety, security and integrity Outside of performing our contract with you, we may use and analyze your information to protect the integrity of our Services. For example, we may use it to: - log customer reports and patterns of suspicious behaviour to understand techniques being used by bad actors who may wish to interfere with the Services; and - to identify and investigate patterns of suspicious behavior or violations of our policies and Terms. It is in our interest and the interests of our Users and Customers to secure our platform and network, to verify accounts and activity, to combat harmful conduct, to detect, prevent and address fraud, abuse, spam and other bad experiences. Section 1. What Information We Collect. To research and innovateWe carry out surveys of your experience using the Services and the trading that you engage in to conduct and support research and innovation on topics related to our Services. To research and innovate We carry out surveys of your experience using the Services and the trading that you engage in to conduct and support research and innovation on topics related to our Services. It is in our interest and our Customers’ interest to improve and iterate our Services through information obtained from these research surveys and interviews. Basic Customer Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications, Research and In-App Survey Information Data use based on your consent Data use based on your consent Section 7. Your Privacy Rights and Choices. To enable device-based settingsCollecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting. To enable device-based settings Collecting information that you allow us to receive through the device-based settings you enable (such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos) which we use to provide the features or services described when you enable the setting. To provide marketing communications to youTo send you targeted marketing communications through email, mobile, in-app, and push notifications or by SMS.You may also see ads for our Services when you visit other apps and websites To send you targeted marketing communications through email, mobile, in-app, and push notifications or by SMS. You may also see ads for our Services when you visit other apps and websites Basic Customer Information, Institutional Information, Product Usage Information, Transaction Information, Information from our Marketing Partners, Additional information You Provide to Us Data use to protect your or others’ vital interestsWhy and How We Use Your InformationInformation Categories UsedPreserving, reviewing, and sharing information with law enforcement and othersWe may preserve, review, and share information with law enforcement and others in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. For example, where there is a risk to the well-being or life of a Coinbase Customer.Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Institutional Information, Wallet Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications Information, Blockchain DataIf you reside outside the United Kingdom or EEA, the legal bases on which we rely in your country may differ from those listed above. Data use to protect your or others’ vital interests Data use to protect your or others’ vital interests Why and How We Use Your InformationInformation Categories UsedPreserving, reviewing, and sharing information with law enforcement and othersWe may preserve, review, and share information with law enforcement and others in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. For example, where there is a risk to the well-being or life of a Coinbase Customer.Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Institutional Information, Wallet Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications Information, Blockchain DataIf you reside outside the United Kingdom or EEA, the legal bases on which we rely in your country may differ from those listed above. Why and How We Use Your InformationInformation Categories UsedPreserving, reviewing, and sharing information with law enforcement and othersWe may preserve, review, and share information with law enforcement and others in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. For example, where there is a risk to the well-being or life of a Coinbase Customer.Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, Institutional Information, Wallet Information, Transaction Information, Product Usage Information, Communications Information, Blockchain Data Preserving, reviewing, and sharing information with law enforcement and othersWe may preserve, review, and share information with law enforcement and others in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. For example, where there is a risk to the well-being or life of a Coinbase Customer. Preserving, reviewing, and sharing information with law enforcement and others We may preserve, review, and share information with law enforcement and others in circumstances where someone’s vital interests require protection, such as in the case of emergencies. For example, where there is a risk to the well-being or life of a Coinbase Customer. If you reside outside the United Kingdom or EEA, the legal bases on which we rely in your country may differ from those listed above. 3. HOW AND WHY WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATIONWe work with service providers, partners and other third parties to help us provide our Services, and as a result we need to share certain information with these third parties. Here’s how: 3. HOW AND WHY WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION We work with service providers, partners and other third parties to help us provide our Services, and as a result we need to share certain information with these third parties. Here’s how: Affiliates Section 11. Our Relationship With You Linked Third Party WebsitesWhen you use third-party services (like when you connect your Coinbase account with your bank account) or websites that are linked through our Services, the providers of those services or products may receive information about you that Coinbase, you, or others share with them. Please note that when you use third-party services or Coinbase Affiliate Services which are not governed by this Privacy Policy, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services and products. Linked Third Party Websites Linked Third Party Websites When you use third-party services (like when you connect your Coinbase account with your bank account) or websites that are linked through our Services, the providers of those services or products may receive information about you that Coinbase, you, or others share with them. Please note that when you use third-party services or Coinbase Affiliate Services which are not governed by this Privacy Policy, their own terms and privacy policies will govern your use of those services and products. TRUST TRUST Travel Rule FinCEN Advisory Professional advisors, industry partners, authorities and regulators Professional advisors, industry partners, authorities and regulators - respond pursuant to applicable law or regulations, court orders, legal process or government requests; - comply with our reporting and information sharing obligations with industry partners, including other Virtual Asset Service Providers (“VASPs”) and regulatory authorities; VASPs - detect, investigate, prevent, or address fraud and other illegal activity or security and technical issues; and - protect the rights, property, and safety of our Customers, Coinbase and its Affiliates, or others, including to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Asset Transfer or Company AcquisitionWe may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer information about our Customers in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, merged, reorganized, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control or similar event, your personal information could be one of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. Asset Transfer or Company Acquisition Asset Transfer or Company Acquisition We may choose to buy or sell assets, and may share and/or transfer information about our Customers in connection with the evaluation of and entry into such transactions. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, merged, reorganized, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control or similar event, your personal information could be one of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. Third-Party Service Providers Third-Party Service Providers We work with third-party service providers to help us provide our Services. When we share information with third-party service providers in this capacity, we require them to use your information on our behalf in accordance with our instructions and terms and only process as necessary for the purpose of the contract. We work with different types of third-party service providers, including: Types of Third-Party Service Providers We Use What Information We Share Third party identity verification services Vendors for tax reporting Derivatives service providers Retail merchants (to provide rewards/incentives) Marketing and promotions providers (to promote our Services) Telecommunications technology providers (to send you messages, including SMS messages) CTF/AML service providers (for the purposes of transaction monitoring) Data hosting service providers and payment vendors (for off-site data hosting) Security service providers (for investigating fraud and security incidents) Analytics providers (to understand how you use our Services) Payment processing companies (to process transactions on our behalf) Document repository services providers Customer support vendors Basic Customer Information, Supplemental Identification Information, EIDV Information, Institutional Information, Usage Information, Transaction Information, Blockchain Data, Wallet Information 4. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We retain your information as needed to provide our Services, comply with legal obligations, or protect our or others’ interests. While retention requirements vary by country, we maintain internal retention policies on the basis of how information needs to be used. This includes considerations such as when the information was collected or created, whether it is necessary in order to continue offering you our Services, whether we are required to hold the information to comply with our legal obligations, including AML/KYC compliance or other financial regulatory obligations, or information preservation requirements. We also keep certain information where necessary to protect the safety, security and integrity of our Services, Customers, and Users. applicable notices/policies 5. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe Sites and Services are not directed to persons under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly request or collect any information about persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide any personal information through the Sites or Services. If a User or Customer submitting personal information is suspected of being younger than 18 years of age, Coinbase will require the relevant Customer or User to close his or her account, and will take steps to delete the individual’s information as soon as possible. 5. CHILDREN'S PERSONAL INFORMATION The Sites and Services are not directed to persons under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly request or collect any information about persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide any personal information through the Sites or Services. If a User or Customer submitting personal information is suspected of being younger than 18 years of age, Coinbase will require the relevant Customer or User to close his or her account, and will take steps to delete the individual’s information as soon as possible. 6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS See here for more information If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, we rely upon a variety of legal mechanisms to facilitate these transfers of your personal information (collectively, “European Personal Data”). European Personal Data We rely primarily on the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses to facilitate the international and onward transfer of European Personal Data to third countries, including from our EU operating entities to Coinbase, Inc. in the United States. For a copy of the Standard Contractual Clauses, please contact dpo@coinbase.com. adequacy decisions 7. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS AND CHOICES Right to access and portability: Right to access and portability Right to rectification: You may request us to rectify or update any of your personal information held by Coinbase that is incomplete or inaccurate by logging in to your account and clicking the Profile or My Account tab. Right to rectification: Right to rectification You may request us to rectify or update any of your personal information held by Coinbase that is incomplete or inaccurate by logging in to your account and clicking the Profile or My Account tab. Right to deletion/erasure: Right to deletion/erasure Section 4. How Long We Keep Your Personal Information . Right to withdraw your consent: To the extent the processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. The lawfulness of Coinbase’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal. Right to withdraw your consent: Right to withdraw your consent To the extent the processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time. The lawfulness of Coinbase’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal. Right to object to or restrict processing: Right to object to or restrict processing Right to non-discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights provided to you under law. Right to non-discrimination Right to lodge a complaint: Forms for Data Protection www.oaic.gov.au To protect your privacy and security, we may take steps to verify your identity before complying with your request and we may decline your request if we are unable to verify your identity. Under certain US data privacy laws, as well as in Brazil, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. These rights are not absolute, and may be denied: (a) when granting access or assisting portability would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others (b) to protect our rights and properties; (c) where the request is frivolous or vexatious; or (d) as otherwise permitted by law. 8. PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS California Privacy Notice CCPA 9. HOW TO CONTACT US WITH QUESTIONS 10. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well. We post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page and, where appropriate, we will provide you with reasonable notice of any material changes before they take effect or as otherwise required by law. The date the Privacy Policy was last updated is identified at the top of this page.We may provide additional "just-in-time" disclosures or information about how we collect or use your information in the context of specific Services; these in-product notices may supplement or clarify our privacy practices or may provide you with additional choices about how we use your information. 10. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well. We post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page and, where appropriate, we will provide you with reasonable notice of any material changes before they take effect or as otherwise required by law. The date the Privacy Policy was last updated is identified at the top of this page.We may provide additional "just-in-time" disclosures or information about how we collect or use your information in the context of specific Services; these in-product notices may supplement or clarify our privacy practices or may provide you with additional choices about how we use your information. We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well. We post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page and, where appropriate, we will provide you with reasonable notice of any material changes before they take effect or as otherwise required by law. The date the Privacy Policy was last updated is identified at the top of this page. We may provide additional "just-in-time" disclosures or information about how we collect or use your information in the context of specific Services; these in-product notices may supplement or clarify our privacy practices or may provide you with additional choices about how we use your information. 11. OUR RELATIONSHIP WITH YOU CONSUMER/INSTITUTIONAL SERVICESNORTH AMERICA (UNITED STATES & CANADA)Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressUnited StatesDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet servicesCoinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C3548456Coinbase, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017United StatesCustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) NYS License # 122506Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC c/o C T Corporation System 28 Liberty Street New York, New York 10005United StatesCredit and Lending ServicesCoinbase Credit, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976Coinbase Credit, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017United StatesFutures TradingCoinbase Financial Markets, Inc. Entity No.: 4742037100 Pine Street, Suite 1250, San Francisco, CA 94111Canada Digital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet servicesCoinbase Canada, Inc. 2600-1066 West Hastings Street; Vancouver BC V6E3X1APACWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressSingaporeDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Singapore Pte. Ltd. Unique Entity No.: 201935002NOne Marina Boulevard, #28-00, Singapore 018989AustraliaDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Australia Pty Ltd; ACN 654 922 442Coinbase Australia c/o TMF Corporate Services (Aust) Pty Limited, Suite 1 Level 11, 66 Goulburn Street, Sydney NSW 2000 AustraliaAnywhereCustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 65771870 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandAnywhere but Singapore, and New ZealandDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Ascending Markets Kenya LimitedP.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, KenyaNew ZealandDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 675475CB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 90063570 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandThe Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AFEEA (European Economic Area)Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressEEA and the United KingdomDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 67547570 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandGermanyDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Germany GmbH. Company No: HRB 213709 B. BaFin-ID 10158674Kurfürstendamm 22, 10719 Berlin, GermanyEEAFiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Ireland Limited. Company No: 630350 CBI Register No: C18849370 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandUnited Kingdom (and select non-EEA countries in Europe)Fiat Wallet ServicesCB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 900635The Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AFEEACustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 65771870 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandOUTSIDE EU, US, UK, APACWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressAnywhere but North America, APAC, EEADigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Ascending Markets Kenya LimitedP.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, Kenya OUTSIDE THE USWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressBermudaDigital assets businessCoinbase Bermuda LimitedCoinbase Bermuda Limited c/o Walkers Bermuda, Park Place, 55 Par La Ville Road, Hamilton, HM11 BermudaDEVELOPER SERVICESWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressAnywhereCoinbase Pay SDK, Exchange API , Rosetta, Prime API, Sign In with CoinbaseCoinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976 Coinbase, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017AnywhereWallet SDK and Commerce APIToshi Holdings Pte. Ltd.One Marina Boulevard, Postal 018989, SingaporeAnywhere but the United States Delegate & ParticipateCoinbase Cloud Pte. Ltd.One Marina Boulevard, #28-00018989, SingaporeUnited StatesDelegate & ParticipateCoinbase Crypto Services, LLC1209 Orange Street, Corporation Trust Center City of Wilmington, DE 19801 CONSUMER/INSTITUTIONAL SERVICESNORTH AMERICA (UNITED STATES & CANADA)Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressUnited StatesDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet servicesCoinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C3548456Coinbase, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017United StatesCustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) NYS License # 122506Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC c/o C T Corporation System 28 Liberty Street New York, New York 10005United StatesCredit and Lending ServicesCoinbase Credit, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976Coinbase Credit, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017United StatesFutures TradingCoinbase Financial Markets, Inc. Entity No.: 4742037100 Pine Street, Suite 1250, San Francisco, CA 94111Canada Digital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet servicesCoinbase Canada, Inc. 2600-1066 West Hastings Street; Vancouver BC V6E3X1APACWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressSingaporeDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Singapore Pte. Ltd. Unique Entity No.: 201935002NOne Marina Boulevard, #28-00, Singapore 018989AustraliaDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Australia Pty Ltd; ACN 654 922 442Coinbase Australia c/o TMF Corporate Services (Aust) Pty Limited, Suite 1 Level 11, 66 Goulburn Street, Sydney NSW 2000 AustraliaAnywhereCustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 65771870 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandAnywhere but Singapore, and New ZealandDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Ascending Markets Kenya LimitedP.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, KenyaNew ZealandDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 675475CB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 90063570 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandThe Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AFEEA (European Economic Area)Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressEEA and the United KingdomDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 67547570 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandGermanyDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Germany GmbH. Company No: HRB 213709 B. BaFin-ID 10158674Kurfürstendamm 22, 10719 Berlin, GermanyEEAFiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Ireland Limited. Company No: 630350 CBI Register No: C18849370 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandUnited Kingdom (and select non-EEA countries in Europe)Fiat Wallet ServicesCB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 900635The Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AFEEACustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 65771870 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandOUTSIDE EU, US, UK, APACWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressAnywhere but North America, APAC, EEADigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Ascending Markets Kenya LimitedP.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, Kenya OUTSIDE THE USWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressBermudaDigital assets businessCoinbase Bermuda LimitedCoinbase Bermuda Limited c/o Walkers Bermuda, Park Place, 55 Par La Ville Road, Hamilton, HM11 Bermuda CONSUMER/INSTITUTIONAL SERVICES CONSUMER/INSTITUTIONAL SERVICES NORTH AMERICA (UNITED STATES & CANADA)Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressUnited StatesDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet servicesCoinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C3548456Coinbase, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017United StatesCustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) NYS License # 122506Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC c/o C T Corporation System 28 Liberty Street New York, New York 10005United StatesCredit and Lending ServicesCoinbase Credit, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976Coinbase Credit, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017United StatesFutures TradingCoinbase Financial Markets, Inc. Entity No.: 4742037100 Pine Street, Suite 1250, San Francisco, CA 94111Canada Digital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet servicesCoinbase Canada, Inc. 2600-1066 West Hastings Street; Vancouver BC V6E3X1APACWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressSingaporeDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Singapore Pte. Ltd. Unique Entity No.: 201935002NOne Marina Boulevard, #28-00, Singapore 018989AustraliaDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Australia Pty Ltd; ACN 654 922 442Coinbase Australia c/o TMF Corporate Services (Aust) Pty Limited, Suite 1 Level 11, 66 Goulburn Street, Sydney NSW 2000 AustraliaAnywhereCustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 65771870 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandAnywhere but Singapore, and New ZealandDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Ascending Markets Kenya LimitedP.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, KenyaNew ZealandDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 675475CB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 90063570 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandThe Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AFEEA (European Economic Area)Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressEEA and the United KingdomDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 67547570 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandGermanyDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Germany GmbH. Company No: HRB 213709 B. BaFin-ID 10158674Kurfürstendamm 22, 10719 Berlin, GermanyEEAFiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Ireland Limited. Company No: 630350 CBI Register No: C18849370 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandUnited Kingdom (and select non-EEA countries in Europe)Fiat Wallet ServicesCB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 900635The Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AFEEACustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 65771870 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandOUTSIDE EU, US, UK, APACWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressAnywhere but North America, APAC, EEADigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Ascending Markets Kenya LimitedP.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, Kenya OUTSIDE THE USWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressBermudaDigital assets businessCoinbase Bermuda LimitedCoinbase Bermuda Limited c/o Walkers Bermuda, Park Place, 55 Par La Ville Road, Hamilton, HM11 Bermuda NORTH AMERICA (UNITED STATES & CANADA) Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressUnited StatesDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet servicesCoinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C3548456Coinbase, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017United StatesCustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) NYS License # 122506Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC c/o C T Corporation System 28 Liberty Street New York, New York 10005United StatesCredit and Lending ServicesCoinbase Credit, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976Coinbase Credit, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017United StatesFutures TradingCoinbase Financial Markets, Inc. Entity No.: 4742037100 Pine Street, Suite 1250, San Francisco, CA 94111Canada Digital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet servicesCoinbase Canada, Inc. 2600-1066 West Hastings Street; Vancouver BC V6E3X1 Where You Reside Services Provided Your Coinbase Service Provider Contact Address United States Digital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet services Coinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C3548456 Coinbase, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017 Custodial Services Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) NYS License # 122506 Coinbase Custody Trust Company, LLC c/o C T Corporation System 28 Liberty Street New York, New York 10005 Credit and Lending Services Coinbase Credit, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976 Coinbase Credit, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017 Futures Trading Coinbase Financial Markets, Inc. Entity No.: 4742037 100 Pine Street, Suite 1250, San Francisco, CA 94111 Canada Coinbase Canada, Inc. 2600-1066 West Hastings Street; Vancouver BC V6E3X1 APAC Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressSingaporeDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Singapore Pte. Ltd. Unique Entity No.: 201935002NOne Marina Boulevard, #28-00, Singapore 018989AustraliaDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Australia Pty Ltd; ACN 654 922 442Coinbase Australia c/o TMF Corporate Services (Aust) Pty Limited, Suite 1 Level 11, 66 Goulburn Street, Sydney NSW 2000 AustraliaAnywhereCustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 65771870 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandAnywhere but Singapore, and New ZealandDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Ascending Markets Kenya LimitedP.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, KenyaNew ZealandDigital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 675475CB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 90063570 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandThe Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AF Singapore Digital Currency Services, Fiat Wallet Services Coinbase Singapore Pte. Ltd. Unique Entity No.: 201935002N One Marina Boulevard, #28-00, Singapore 018989 Australia Coinbase Australia Pty Ltd; ACN 654 922 442 Coinbase Australia c/o TMF Corporate Services (Aust) Pty Limited, Suite 1 Level 11, 66 Goulburn Street, Sydney NSW 2000 Australia Anywhere Coinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 657718 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, Ireland Anywhere but Singapore, and New Zealand Digital Currency Services Coinbase Ascending Markets Kenya Limited P.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, Kenya New Zealand Coinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 675475CB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 900635 Coinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 675475 CB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 900635 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandThe Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AF The Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AF EEA (European Economic Area) Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressEEA and the United KingdomDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Europe Limited. Company No: 67547570 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandGermanyDigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Germany GmbH. Company No: HRB 213709 B. BaFin-ID 10158674Kurfürstendamm 22, 10719 Berlin, GermanyEEAFiat Wallet ServicesCoinbase Ireland Limited. Company No: 630350 CBI Register No: C18849370 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, IrelandUnited Kingdom (and select non-EEA countries in Europe)Fiat Wallet ServicesCB Payments, Ltd Company No: 09708629 FCA Register No: 900635The Scalpel, 18th Floor, 52 Lime Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 7AFEEACustodial ServicesCoinbase Custody International Limited (unless otherwise indicated in your service contract) Company No: 65771870 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2, Ireland EEA and the United Kingdom Germany Coinbase Germany GmbH. Company No: HRB 213709 B. BaFin-ID 10158674 Kurfürstendamm 22, 10719 Berlin, Germany Fiat Wallet Services Coinbase Ireland Limited. Company No: 630350 CBI Register No: C188493 United Kingdom (and select non-EEA countries in Europe) OUTSIDE EU, US, UK, APAC Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressAnywhere but North America, APAC, EEADigital Currency ServicesCoinbase Ascending Markets Kenya LimitedP.O. Box 10643, G.P.O. Nairobi, Kenya Anywhere but North America, APAC, EEA OUTSIDE THE US Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressBermudaDigital assets businessCoinbase Bermuda LimitedCoinbase Bermuda Limited c/o Walkers Bermuda, Park Place, 55 Par La Ville Road, Hamilton, HM11 Bermuda Bermuda Digital assets business Coinbase Bermuda Limited Coinbase Bermuda Limited c/o Walkers Bermuda, Park Place, 55 Par La Ville Road, Hamilton, HM11 Bermuda DEVELOPER SERVICESWhere You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressAnywhereCoinbase Pay SDK, Exchange API , Rosetta, Prime API, Sign In with CoinbaseCoinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976 Coinbase, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017AnywhereWallet SDK and Commerce APIToshi Holdings Pte. Ltd.One Marina Boulevard, Postal 018989, SingaporeAnywhere but the United States Delegate & ParticipateCoinbase Cloud Pte. Ltd.One Marina Boulevard, #28-00018989, SingaporeUnited StatesDelegate & ParticipateCoinbase Crypto Services, LLC1209 Orange Street, Corporation Trust Center City of Wilmington, DE 19801 DEVELOPER SERVICES DEVELOPER SERVICES Where You ResideServices ProvidedYour Coinbase Service Provider Contact AddressAnywhereCoinbase Pay SDK, Exchange API , Rosetta, Prime API, Sign In with CoinbaseCoinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976 Coinbase, Inc. c/o C T Corporation System 818 West Seventh St., Ste. 930 Los Angeles, California 90017AnywhereWallet SDK and Commerce APIToshi Holdings Pte. Ltd.One Marina Boulevard, Postal 018989, SingaporeAnywhere but the United States Delegate & ParticipateCoinbase Cloud Pte. Ltd.One Marina Boulevard, #28-00018989, SingaporeUnited StatesDelegate & ParticipateCoinbase Crypto Services, LLC1209 Orange Street, Corporation Trust Center City of Wilmington, DE 19801 Coinbase Pay SDK, Exchange API , Rosetta, Prime API, Sign In with Coinbase Coinbase, Inc. CA Entity No.: C4315976  Wallet SDK and Commerce API Toshi Holdings Pte. Ltd. One Marina Boulevard, Postal 018989, Singapore Anywhere but the United States Delegate & Participate Coinbase Cloud Pte. Ltd. One Marina Boulevard, #28-00018989, Singapore Coinbase Crypto Services, LLC 1209 Orange Street, Corporation Trust Center City of Wilmington, DE 19801 © 2023 Coinbase • Twitter Facebook Press Investors Vendors Legal & privacy Cookie policy Cookie preferences Do Not Share My Personal Information Digital Asset Disclosures Ethereum Merge Browse crypto prices Coinbase Bytes newsletter Tips & tutorials What is Bitcoin? What is crypto? What is a blockchain? How to set up a crypto wallet How to send crypto Taxes Buy & sell Earn free crypto Wallet NFT Card Derivatives Coinbase One Institutional Prime Asset Hub Commerce Cloud Wallet as a Service Wallet SDK Coinbase Wallet Faucet - Get testnet funds Coinbase Pay SDK Node Base Sign in with Coinbase Rosetta Participate Prime API Help center Contact us Create account ID verification Account information Payment methods Account access Supported crypto Supported countries Status