Last Updated: June 28, 2023 "Content" means text, graphics, images, music, software, audio, video, information or other materials, including but not limited to profile information, Pro Services requests, quotes, message threads, reviews, scheduling and calendar information, and other information or materials available on or through the Platform. "Consumer" means a User who is registered to search for Service Professionals on the Platform, seeks Pro Services from Service Professionals on the Platform, makes a booking with a Service Professional to purchase a Pro Service (or receive a quote in contemplation thereof), is registered for or undergoes a home specialist consultation or similar service with respect to their home, utilizes a Thumbtack plan to track maintenance on a home, is a Thumbtack Plus member, or otherwise uses the Platform to receive, pay for, review, or facilitate the receipt of Pro Services. Because a Consumer may be, or may become, a customer of a Service Professional, a Consumer is often referred to as a “customer” or a “Customer” on the Platform and in marketing materials related to the Platform. "Platform" has the meaning set forth in the opening paragraph above. "Pro Services" means the services listed, quoted, scheduled, fulfilled or provided by Service Professionals, or sought, scheduled, paid for or received by Consumers, through the Platform. "Service Professional" means a User who uses, or is registered to use, the Platform to offer, provide, receive payment for, or facilitate the provision of Pro Services. Service Professionals are often referred to as “pros” on the Platform. "Thumbtack Content" means all Content Thumbtack makes available on or through the Platform, including any Content licensed from a third-party, but excluding User Content. "User" means a person or entity who uses the Platform, including, for example, a person who completes Thumbtack's account registration process, agrees to the Terms of Use, utilizes any services offered by or through the Platform, or submits or receives a request through Thumbtack, including but not limited to Service Professionals and Consumers. How we collect and store information depends on how you access and use the Platform. We collect information in multiple ways including when you provide information directly to us, when we collect information from affiliates and non-affiliated sources, and when we passively collect information from you, such as information collected from your browser or device. Information You Provide Directly to Us You may provide us with information about you when you use or access the Platform, such as when you register for an account; participate in polls or surveys; enroll for electronic newsletters; request a quote or other information; submit or respond to a quote; make a purchase; fill out any forms; enter a sweepstakes or contest, or register for a promotion; transmit User Content; download or use one of our mobile applications; you consent to our collection of information, such as when you grant us permission to collect your device’s contact list; or otherwise communicate with us or other Users through the Platform. This list is illustrative, not exhaustive; this Policy applies to all your uses of the Platform. The personal information you provide directly to us may include, but is not limited to: (a) name; (b) zip code; (c) email address; (d) home or business telephone number; (e) home, business or mailing address; (f) demographic information (e.g., gender, age, and other information relevant to User surveys and/or offers); (g) date of birth and/or age verification; (h) insurance information (if you are a Service Professional); (i) photographs and/or video files or audio files (e.g., customer service call recordings); (j) information about your project, home, request or need; (k) in certain circumstances, payment information; (l) if you are a Service Professional, in certain circumstances, identity verification information (such as Social Security number or driver’s license information); and/or (m) any other information you include in communications with other Users through the Platform or communications with us. It may also include your information specific to the services you are requesting or offering through the Platform, such as a business name, service description, qualifications and credentials. You are not required to provide us with such information, but certain features of the Platform may not be accessible or available, absent the provision of the requested information. We utilize a third-party payment provider to process payment information (e.g., credit card information or bank account information). Information from Affiliates, Social Networking Sites, and Other Non-Affiliated Sources We may collect information about you through Thumbtack affiliates or through non-affiliated sources, including public information sources. For example: Please note that we have no control over how any third-party site uses or discloses the information it collects about you. Information That Is Passively or Automatically Collected Device/Usage Information. We and certain third-party vendors, including ad networks and analytics providers, may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to collect information about the computers or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access the Platform. As described further below, we and these third-party vendors may collect and analyze information including but not limited to (a) browser type; (b) ISP or operating system; (c) domain name; (d) access time; (e) referring or exit pages; (f) page views; (g) IP address; (h) unique device identifiers (e.g. IDFA or Android ID); and (i) the type of device that you use. We may also track and record when and how frequently you access or use the Platform, or how you browse the Platform. We do not, however, collect keystroke information. We use this information (including the information collected by relevant third-party vendors) for Platform analytics (including to determine which portions of the Platform are used most frequently and what our Users like/do not like), to assist in determining relevant advertising (both on and off the Platform), to evaluate the success of our advertising campaigns, and as otherwise described in this Policy. Location Information. When you use the Platform, we may collect general location information (such as your location as derived from your IP address). If you install our mobile app, depending on your device settings and any permissions you have granted, we may collect information about your precise geolocation, and we may use that information to improve the Platform, including providing you with location-based features (e.g., for identification of Pro Services available near you). To deliver customized content and advertising, we may disclose your location information to our agents, vendors, or advertisers. If you access the Platform through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information, you may be able to disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device. See your device manufacturer's instructions for further details. If you disable certain functions, you may be unable to use certain parts of the Platform. Cookies and Other Electronic Technologies. We and our third-party vendors may use cookies, clear GIFs, pixel tags, and other technologies that help us better understand User behavior, personalize preferences, perform research and analytics, and improve the Platform. These technologies, for example, may allow us to tailor the Platform to your needs, save your password in password-protected areas, track the pages you visit, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Platform usage. We also use certain of these technologies to deliver advertisements through the Platform that may interest you or to advertise ourselves and the Platform to you on other sites. We or our third-party vendors also may use certain of these technologies in emails to our Users to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but your browser may allow you to modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. If you disable cookies, you may be prevented from taking full advantage of the Platform, because it may not function properly. As we adopt additional technologies, we may also gather additional information through other methods. We may use your information for any of the following reasons: For Service Professionals, we may display information related to your business, including your name or your business’s name, publicly on your profile, except to the extent we tell you we will not display such information. If the information you provide us upon signing up for an account differs from the information you provide us as part of the verification data we collect, we have sole discretion in determining which information will be displayed publicly on your profile. We may combine information that we collect from you through the Platform with information that we obtain from affiliated and non-affiliated sources, and information derived from any other products or services we provide. We may aggregate and/or de-identify information we collect. We may use de-identified or aggregated information for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes and may also disclose such information to any third parties, including without limitation, advertisers, promotional partners, sponsors, event promoters, and/or others. We may, either directly or through third-party providers we engage to provide services to us, review, scan, or analyze your communications with other Users exchanged via the Platform or as otherwise described in this Policy for fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, product development, research and User support purposes. For example, as part of our fraud prevention efforts, we may scan and analyze messages to prevent fraud or improper actions. We may also scan, review or analyze messages for research and product development purposes, as well as to debug, improve and expand product offerings. By using the Platform or engaging in off-Platform communications tracked by Thumbtack, you consent that Thumbtack, in its sole discretion, may, either directly or through third-parties we engage to provide services to us, review, scan, analyze, and store your communications, whether done manually or through automated means. Unless otherwise described in this Policy, we may also disclose the information that we collect as follows: You may post Content on or through our Platform, including, but not limited to, your comments, pictures, Service Professional profile, and other information. However, please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Some information you provide and/or that we collect may be publicly accessible. For instance, registration for an account requires that you provide us with your name. If you register through Facebook, the Platform will use the name associated with your Facebook account. Your name (full name, or in some instances, your first name and last initial) may be visible to other Users. Depending on the circumstances, your name may be attached to your Content or information, such as scheduling of Pro Services, service requests, reviews, participating in discussions or forums, messaging, and profile information. Certain other people, including other Users with whom you have interacted via the Platform, may see information about you that is attached to your name. For example (but without limitation), if you are a Consumer seeking Pro Services, the description you provide of your desired services, along with your name, will be shown to some Service Professionals registered in the relevant category along with your name. Thus, other Users may be able to personally identify you based on Content you provide. Similarly, certain information we collect, including but not limited to when you last accessed the Platform, may be disclosed to other Users with whom you are interacting or otherwise made public. If you choose to post User Content on or through the Platform, such as through User-to-User messaging or through our review boards, forums, blogs, or other postings, that information: (a) may be or may become publicly available; (b) may be collected and used by third-parties with or without our knowledge; and (c) may be used by third parties (including other Users) in a manner that may violate this Policy or applicable law. Analytics Tailored Advertising We may use advertising services provided by third parties on the Platform, which provide their services using cookies and similar technologies (as described in the Information That Is Passively or Automatically Collected section above). Third parties whose products or services are accessible or marketed via the Platform may also place such technologies on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to collect information about your use of the Platform. We, our providers, and third parties collect information in this way for advertising and marketing purposes. Please note that if you opt out of tailored advertising, you may still receive online advertisements about us, the Platform, or third parties on the Platform – however, such advertising is not tailored. When using a mobile application, you may also receive tailored in-application advertising. Each operating system (e.g., iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices, and Windows for Microsoft devices) provides its own instructions on how to prevent use of your mobile advertising identifier to deliver tailored in-application advertising. For more information, you may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the operating systems and devices you use, or contact the applicable provider/operator. Our services are not provided to minors (i.e., persons under the age of 18). We elect to provide services only to persons 18 years of age or older, including any use of the Platform. If we discover, or if you inform us, that an individual under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will close the account and delete that individual’s personal information as required by law, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. We may, where permitted by law, retain certain information internally for purposes described in this Policy. We employ physical, procedural, and technological security measures to help protect your information from unauthorized access or disclosure. Thumbtack may use encryption, passwords, and physical security measures to help protect your information against unauthorized access and disclosure. No security measures, however, are 100% failsafe. Therefore, we do not promise and cannot guarantee, and thus you should not expect, that any information provided or transmitted online is completely secure. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, keeping your log-in and password private, and not recycling passwords from other websites or accounts. Thumbtack is not responsible for the unauthorized use of your information nor for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords, or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. The Platform may contain links to third-party websites or resources over which Thumbtack does not have any control; please review such other websites’ privacy policies as to their use of personal information. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Thumbtack of those third-party websites. You acknowledge that Thumbtack is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Thumbtack is not responsible in any way for such third-party websites, including without limitation for their content or how they treat information you provide to them. You may review, correct, and delete certain information about you through your account, such as by logging in to the Platform and navigating to your preferences page in "Your Dashboard." We expect you to promptly update your account information if it changes or is inaccurate. Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your profile information from view as soon as reasonably possible. We may retain information from closed accounts in order to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations of any User, enforce our Terms of Use, and/or for any other purposes otherwise permitted by law that we deem necessary in our sole discretion. You should understand, however, that once you transmit User Content through the Platform, it may be acquired by others who may not be required to delete or modify such User Content. Once we have deactivated or removed your account, you agree that Thumbtack will not be responsible for retaining information related to your account. We may send periodic emails to you. You may opt out of promotional emails by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt out of receiving promotional emails, we may still send you emails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us, transactions, or changes to our Terms of Use, this Policy, or other relevant terms. We may monitor and record our telephone conversations with you for training and quality assurance purposes. You will be provided with a notice at the beginning of any call that is being recorded. If you are a resident of certain states, you may have certain rights regarding your information. THIS POLICY IS CURRENT AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE SET FORTH ABOVE. THUMBTACK MAY, IN ITS SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION, CHANGE THIS POLICY AT ANY TIME. THUMBTACK WILL POST ITS UPDATED POLICY ON THE PLATFORM, SEND YOU A MESSAGE OR OTHERWISE NOTIFY YOU WHEN YOU ARE LOGGED INTO YOUR ACCOUNT. THUMBTACK ENCOURAGES YOU TO REVIEW THIS POLICY REGULARLY FOR ANY CHANGES. YOUR CONTINUED ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE PLATFORM WILL BE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THE THEN-CURRENT POLICY. Our computer systems are currently based in the United States and Canada, so your information will be processed by us in the United States and Canada, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in your country of residence and data may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. If you create an account with the Platform as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Platform, you agree to this Policy and you consent to the processing of all such information in the United States and Canada. This Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information in the Policy above, and except as provided herein, applies solely to California residents (as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended, the “CCPA”)). It applies to “personal information” (as defined by the CCPA) that we collect on or through the Platform and through other means (such as information collected offline, in person, and over the telephone). It does not apply to business information that does not constitute personal information we collect from Service Professionals in their capacity as Service Professionals. This Supplemental Privacy Notice for California Residents also does not apply to current or former employees of Thumbtack, Inc., independent contractors, or job applicants to jobs at Thumbtack, Inc. The CCPA requires us to disclose information regarding the categories of personal information and sensitive personal information that we have collected about California consumers, the categories of sources from which we collect personal information, the business or commercial purposes (as each of those terms is defined by the CCPA) for which we collect personal information, and the categories of parties to whom we disclose personal information. Throughout this Policy, we describe the specific pieces of personal information and sensitive personal information we collect, the sources of that information, and how we disclose it. Under the CCPA, we also have to provide you with the "categories" of personal information and sensitive personal information we collect and disclose for “business or commercial purposes” (as those terms are defined by the CCPA). As described further in the Policy above, the following table provides information about our practices in the 12 months leading up to the effective date of this Policy in relation to the categories of personal information that we generally collect from California and Colorado residents, the sources of the information, the purposes for which we use the information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information for a business purpose. Identifiers (such as account information, name, email address, address, phone number, or social network account and profile data) You Your use of our services and the automatic collection from you that your use prompts Affiliates Unaffiliated Parties (such as agents/service providers, or other users) Providing our services, including to enable you to find a Service Professional to provide services to you Fixing and improving our services Personalizing content Marketing and advertising Administering surveys, sweepstakes, promotions, or contests Communicating with you Analyzing use of our services Preventing, detecting, investigating, and responding to fraud, unauthorized access/use of our services, breaches or potential breaches of terms and policies Running internal trainings of Thumbtack personnel With your consent Legal compliance Agents/service providers Service Professionals (pursuant to a request by you for professional services) Consumers Other parties, including potential users Commercial information (such as transaction data) Unaffiliated Parties (such as agents/service providers, Service Professionals, or other users) Preventing, detecting, investigating, and responding to fraud, unauthorized access/use of our services, or breaches or potential breaches of terms and policies Financial data (such as payment information) Providing our services, including to facilitate communications between you and Service Professionals Agents/service providers; payment processors Service Professionals (e.g. where limited information is conveyed when you make a payment on the Platform) Internet or other network or device activity (such as IP address, unique device, advertising, and app identifiers, browsing history or other usage data) Unaffiliated Parties (such as agents/service providers) Other parties Location information (general location, and, depending on your device settings and permissions, precise geolocation information) Service Professionals (general location only) Consumers (general location only) Other parties, including potential users (general location only) Sensory information (such as audio recordings if you call our customer service) Inferences about your project preferences and traits Your use of our services/automatically collected from you Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you (such as user generated content, e.g., reviews) Service Professionals (e.g. where you provide the information to Service Professionals through the Platform) Social Security number and/or driver’s license information Verifying Service Professionals’ identity Background check/identity verification service provider For legal/safety purposes Some of the categories of personal information described above are also “sensitive personal information,” as that term is defined in the CCPA. The sensitive personal information we may have collected in the preceding twelve months are: (1) account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account; (2) certain user-to-user communications made through our Platform, including Member-to-Member text messages; (3) precise geolocation; (4) Social Security number; and (5) driver’s license number. The CCPA provides you with the right to limit certain uses and disclosures of your sensitive personal information. You may limit the use of precise geolocation for advertising purposes by opting out of the “sale” or “sharing” of such information, as discussed below. We do not use or disclose any other sensitive personal information for purposes that are subject to the right to limit. We may combine the information we collect (“aggregate”) or remove pieces of information (“de-identify”) to limit or prevent identification of any particular User or device. We may use or disclose this aggregated or de-identified information in our discretion. If you are a California resident (as defined by the CCPA), you may have the right to request that we: You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in California law) for exercising certain of your rights referenced herein. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. In addition, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our services. You also have the right to opt out of “sales” and “sharing” of your personal information as described below. “Sales” of personal information. Thumbtack may disclose certain identifiers (like IP address and email address), internet or other electronic network activity information (like information regarding an individual’s browsing interactions on the Platform), and commercial information (like the fact that a browser visited a page with home improvement tips) to certain analytics, advertising, and marketing providers in ways that may be considered “sales” under the CCPA. Thumbtack also discloses Consumers’ identifiers (like name) and general location information (like zip code) to select Service Professionals to better enable those Consumers to find a Service Professional who can provide a service the Consumer has expressed interest in. Under the CCPA, these may be considered “sales” of your personal information. “Sharing” personal information. Under the CCPA, “sharing” is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across websites. We “share” information for these purposes to provide more relevant and tailored advertising to you regarding our Platform. As part of this advertising, we may “share” certain identifiers (like IP address and email address), internet or other electronic network activity information (like information regarding an individual’s browsing interactions on the Platform), and commercial information (like the fact that a browser visited a page with home improvement tips) with advertising platforms and advertising networks. We will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to provide the Platform and our services or until you delete or modify your information. We also reserve the right to retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Thumbtack is committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our Platform for third-party purposes. That is why we have provided links (above) to the NAI "Consumer Opt-Out" link, the DAA opt-out link, and a Google opt-out link. However, Thumbtack does not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do-Not-Track signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working on Do-Not-Track standards, implementations, and solutions. Please note that Do-Not-Track is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced above. Residents of certain other states, such as Colorado, Virginia, and Connecticut, may have certain rights regarding their “personal data,” as defined in these states’ laws (“personal information”), that we process. Your state law may permit you to request that we: Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide the Platform to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Platform. Under Nevada law, certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “personally identifiable information” for monetary consideration. “Personally identifiable information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a person to be contacted either physically or online. Thumbtack Consider it done. Thumbtack Consider it done.  Customers Pros Support © 2023 Thumbtack, Inc. Thumbtack Guarantee