Start for free Product Pricing Blog Resources Download Sign in $/$ Annotated Privacy Policy This is an annotated version of our privacy policy that adds additional context to describe the content of Skiff's . For the actual, official privacy policy that you are subject to while using Skiff please see the link below. Last updated May 25, 2023 Personal Information We Collect A. Information You Provide to Us Directly Plain english In order to authenticate users, we verify the email address/username/public wallet address used in sign up. For users who choose to purchase a plan with a credit card, we verify credit card information in order to complete the transaction. We retain messages sent directly to the Skiff team via our in-app feedback and external channels (for keeping track of bugs). We also keep opt-in survey answers and job applications on file. Official B. Information Collected Automatically This section refers to information sent automatically while using our services. Specifically, IP addresses and cookies are included in network requests. We don't store this information anywhere persistently. IP addresses are monitored for detecting and preventing botnet attacks. Cookies keep you logged in and are never shared. We also use an analytics tool, Matomo, for our marketing site (skiff.com). Matomo is an open-source alternative to Google Analytics. All the data is anonymous and aggregated. It is not tied to user accounts, and we do not use Matomo anywhere in the actual app (app.skiff.com). How We Use Your Information We do not have access to the content you upload to or send via Skiff, and therefore do not make any use of the information contained in that content. The information in this section refers to off-platform information that you choose to share with our team. A. Administering Our Services If you send a bug report to our Support team, we'll use the info you send to investigate and respond to your issue. We'd also collect information if you apply for a job, register for an event we're hosting, or purchase a plan with your credit card. B. Operational Purposes We use non-persistent, aggregated monitors to detect botnet attacks and system outages. We also track site popularity on our marketing site (skiff.com) via Matomo, an open-source analytics platform – all that information is also anonymous and aggregated. Any custom content on the marketing site is generated client-side (e.g. detecting browser preference for date format). No account information is ever tied to any ad campaigns. C. Marketing and Advertising our Products and Services We send a weekly newsletter to accounts that sign up for Skiff. You can always opt out of these updates with one-click inside the app or newsletter email. D. Other Purposes We have the ability to use aggregated and de-identified information for any purposes. And if you give explicit consent, we can use your information for purposes beyond those outlined in the privacy policy. You can also refer other people to the platform. How We Disclose Your Information A. Disclosures to Provide our Services The content you upload to Skiff is stored end-to-end encrypted in a secure cloud database hosted by a cloud provider or on IPFS. We do not share user content with any other third party. B. Disclosures to Protect Us or Others We do not have the ability to decrypt any content uploaded to our platform. If we need to comply with a law enforcement or legal process request, we are extremely limited in the data we can share. Visit for more information. C. Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers If we are ever sold, the information and encrypted data stored by Skiff would be transferred to the new owner. Your Privacy Choices and Rights Email Communications You can always unsubscribe from our marketing emails via the link at the bottom of the email or in-app settings. You will still, however, receive transactional non-promotional emails (e.g. when you're shared on a doc, when your payment plan is expiring, or if we ever update our terms of service). “Do Not Track.” Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. Please note that we do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. Cookies You're welcome to delete cookies on each device but it might break certain things (e.g. staying logged in). Requests Regarding Your Personal Information If you would like to request access to a copy of your personal information, or request correction or deletion of your information, please email us at the address listed in the “Contact Us” section below. Mobile Settings You can use your mobile device settings to limit use of the identifier(s) associated with your device for notifications or other settings.  Security of your information It's impossible to guarantee 100% security. That said, we have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your personal information will remain protected and require our third-party service providers and partners to have appropriate safeguards as well. By using our Services or providing information to us, you agree to stay notified about important information regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues. International Data Transfers All information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. We endeavor to safeguard your information consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. Retention of Personal Information We can store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. Supplemental Notice for Nevada Residents Nevada has additional privacy laws that require us to include this section for its residents using our services. Children's Information You must be 18 or over to use Skiff. Other Provisions If we link to another website anywhere in the marketing site or app, you should read their own privacy policies. If you import from Gmail, you can read .If we ever make material updates to our privacy policy, we'll notify you. Using our service means agreeing to our privacy policy. Contact us If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, or to make requests about your information as detailed in this Privacy Policy, please contact us This summarized explanation is not the official privacy policy. To view the official document, click below. Official Privacy Policy © 2023. All rights reserved. Products Mail Pages Drive Calendar Roadmap Help About us Changelog For startups Free online notepad Videos Top Resources Anonymous email End-to-end encryption email Secure documents Cloud storage guide Cloud data protection Have I been hacked? Developer GitHub Libraries Skiff Crypto docs Skiff UI docs Whitepaper Report an issue Status Learn Email security Cloud storage Quick Aliases Encrypted notes Legal Privacy policy Terms of service Acceptable use policy Transparency