The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Spidering or crawling is not allowed. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. This service can license user content to third parties. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Users have 1 year to take legal action against the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The court of law governing the terms is in California, USA.. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future . You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason