The service has a no refund policy. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service is only available to users over 18 years of age. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (Belize). You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. Harming minors in any ways is prohibited. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. You are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses that may incur by downloading materials. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. No guarantee is given regarding quality. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. Your account can be suspended for several reasons. Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . This service holds onto content that you've deleted. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. You waive your right to a class action.. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes