This is our general privacy policy; each account holder has their own more specific version of this document. Synchromedia Limited (the creator of Smartmessages.net, "We", "us") is a data controller for Smartmessages.net account holders, and is also a data processor for those account holders, handling mailing list subscriber data on their behalf. If you subscribe to a mailing list belonging to a Smartmessages.net account holder, this is you. Hi 👋! The account holder is your data controller, and is in charge of your privacy. We act as a data processor for account holders, so much of what we do for them is directly relevant to you. Account holders use their Smartmessages.net account to manage the mailing lists that you can join. Account holders may also provide your data to other services (we do not); you will need to refer to their own privacy policy for further details. We collect data on account holders when they sign up for a Smartmessages.net account, and use it to run their account, inform them of changes, deal with billing, system updates, etc. We collect email addresses and any other personal data that subscribers choose to provide. We must be able to prove opt-in status of subscriptions, so we record IP addresses, referrer URLs, and user agent strings when subscribers confirm subscriptions to enable us to do that. Account holders need to provide us with full contact information as we need to be able to provide that information to subscribers. IP addresses are logged where we need to be able to protect against abuse, trace system problems, or defend against attackers, for example in account logins or password resets. We are contracted to provide mailing list services to account holders, so we process subscriber data for them on the basis of contractual necessity. The overall basis for processing subscriber data lies between the subscriber and the account holder, and is most often (given that this is a marketing context) based on consent or legitimate interest (for example if a subscriber is the account holder's customer), though there may be other grounds; refer to the account holder's own privacy policy for details. We process data relating to account holders themselves on a contractual basis; they are our customers, and we need to store and process their data in order to do what they are paying us to do, and to help them uphold up their responsibilities as data controllers. Subscribers and account holders may object to our use of personal data in several ways (in order of convenience): The only information we need from subscribers is an email address, and so that is the only data that we require when subscribing to a mailing list. Subscribers are free to provide more personal data, and there may be opportunities for them to do so, but it is entirely voluntary. When sending email for marketing purposes, the responsible data controller must be clearly identified, so the account holder's contact details are made available whenever subscribers interact with us, such as when subscribing to a mailing list. We do not store or process any "special category" data, as described in GDPR article 9, such as ethnic origin, political affiliation, medical records, etc. Though it is not covered by article 9 anyway, we do not store data on gender. Data relating to subscribers that request a subscription but do not complete an opt-in confirmation is deleted after 1 week. We retain unsubscribe data so that we can suppress future attempts to add subscriber address back onto mailing lists other than by their own request (for example by uploads of outdated lists by account holders). For the most part, we use no cookies at all. When necessary, we use only secure, first-party session cookies, containing no identifiable data, that are deleted as soon as you close your browser window. Since these are strictly necessary for the operation of our site, we do not ask for consent (in accordance with PECR). We do not use any third party services that require cookies. We don't use any tracking scripts either; you'll find all our sites are unpolluted by google, facebook, and other trackers. Account holders may use third-party tracking on their own sites, but they are outside our control. Smartmessages.net can (optionally) add analytics tracking parameters to clickthrough URLs, however, this only tells the destination web site where the traffic came from in general terms, and does not include any personal data. There are two exceptions to this: we are required to retain proof of opt-in confirmation, so we record IP address, referrer URL, and user agent string when you confirm a subscription to a mailing list in order to do that; We record IP addresses during logins so we can combat abuse and attempted break-ins. We don't do any of that. We perform some processing and host various resources (for example, our web site and help pages) on servers in France, hosted by gandi.net in Paris, but this does not involve personal data. We will never export personal data out of the EU. GDPR and PECR require reporting of personal data breaches; Under PECR, we are classed as a "Service Provider". Breaches can include: Should a breach occur relating to subscriber data, we will inform the relevant account holder(s) (the data controller) by email to their account addresses, and it is their responsiblity to communicate with subscribers, if necessary. Smartmessages.net on Twitter Smartmessages.net on Facebook Smartmessages.net on LinkedIn Smartmessages.net on Instagram