Shop  This policy details certain policies implemented throughout Fur Affinity governing collection and use of personally identifiable information (PII) about users and guests of our site. We reserve the right to update this policy at any time, and will notify users of any changes which may impact provided PII. Your continued use of the site and/or continued provision of PII will be subject to the terms of the then-current privacy policy. Certain PII is required in order to register an account on the site. This information includes account username, email address, date of birth, IP address, and browser ID. We do not collect real name data, location (including city, metro code, zip code, state, country, latitude and longitude, or area code), user metadata, or other potential PII except in instances where registered users elect to share that information publicly (such as profile pages, bios, journals, comments, or notes). Fur Affinity does not resell, share, provide, or distribute PII to third parties except when required by law. Certain PII is required in order to register an account on the site. This information includes account username, email address, date of birth, IP address, and browser ID. We do not collect real name data, location (including city, metro code, zip code, state, country, latitude and longitude, or area code), user metadata, or other potential PII except in instances where registered users elect to share that information publicly (such as profile pages, bios, journals, comments, or notes). Fur Affinity does not resell, share, provide, or distribute PII to third parties except when required by law. We encourage parents and guardians to take active roles in their children's online activities, interests, and development. The site is not directed or targeted to those under age 13 (or age 16 for those in the EU or UK). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from individuals considered minors by law. If you elect to reject cookies you may still use the site, but your ability to utilize certain functions may be limited. This site uses cookies and similar tracking technologies such as the Common ID cookie to provide its services. Cookies are important devices for measuring advertising effectiveness and ensuring a robust online advertising industry. The Common ID cookie stores a unique user id in the first party domain and is accessible to our ad partners. This simple ID that can be utilized to improve user matching, especially for delivering ads to iOS and MacOS browsers. Users can opt in or opt out of the Common ID tracking cookie if they want to. Current status is: Opted In. opt in opt out Opted In We may track information that will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and which will not contain your personally identifiable information. For example, we may collect IP addresses, browser type and cookie numbers. We may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, and we may use such aggregate information to administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our services to you for their use solely to provide us with such assistance. We will also disclose your personally identifiable information (a) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or otherwise in cooperation with an ongoing investigation of a governmental authority, (b) to enforce the Fur Affinity Terms of Service or user agreements or to protect our rights or (c) to protect the safety of users of our site and our services. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization, but we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Fur Affinity participates or to a purchaser or acquirer of all or substantially all of Fur Affinity's assets to which the site relates. We do not disclose any personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Should this practice change, we will seek your consent before disclosing information for a third party's direct marketing. California residents wishing to exercise access, data portability, or deletion rights above may submit a verifiable request via email to privacy@furaffinity.net. We do not disclose any personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Should this practice change, we will seek your consent before disclosing information for a third party's direct marketing. California residents wishing to exercise access, data portability, or deletion rights above may submit a verifiable request via email to privacy@furaffinity.net. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable requests within forty-five (45) days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, our response will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable requests within forty-five (45) days of receipt. If we require more time (up to 90 days), we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, our response will explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your Personal Information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. Links on the site, provided either by Fur Affinity directly, through user provided content, or advertisements, may point to external websites over which we have no control. Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Fur Affinity, and you acknowledge these links are only provided as a convenience, and that we are not responsible for their content. We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice. Such measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Fur Affinity may use encryption, secure socket layer, password protection and other internal measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. We also have internal policies for the safe handling of data. We will endeavor to destroy your information when we no longer have a legitimate business need to use it, except for backups that are archived and retained in the ordinary course of business. We respect the fact that your personal information is your information, and we'll make it easy for you to manage and update your personal details. You may contact us directly on the site via Trouble Ticket or by emailing privacy@furaffinity.net for privacy-related concerns or to exercise any of your rights below. Your right to rectification You have a right to rectify, update or complete any inaccurate personal data, pending verification of your identification. Most of this can be accomplished through various settings pages on site (Account Settings, Profile Info, or Contacts and Social Media), Your right of access You have the right to obtain a copy of all personal data that Fur Affinity holds about you, such as personal details or correspondence, generally, within a 30 day time limit and free of charge. You may limit the amount of data that you would like to obtain if you do not wish to access all of the records. Your right to move your data (portability) Under certain circumstances you can request that a data collector move your data to another service provider. This is not an automatic right, and because Fur Affinity provides unique Services, it may not be able to honor your right to data portability. Your right to object to processing You have a right to request Fur Affinity stop certain data processing activities that involve processing your personal data. This isn't an automatic right, and Fur Affinity's ability to restrict processing will depend on the type of data that for which you are making this request. You have a right request deletion You have a right to request Fur Affinity delete your account and its personal personal data. This isn't an automatic right, and what Fur Affinity is able to delete will depend on the type of data held about you, whether it was obtained via consent, what purpose it serves, and whether Fur Affinity has an obligation to keep the data, among other criteria. Until such time your account is deleted you will continue to be considered an user, and we will process and retain your data as described in this policy. Deletions are permanent and non-reversable. You have a right to lodge a complaint with a Supervisory Authority If you feel that Fur Affinity is not processing your personal data in a manner that complies with the GDPR, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country of residence. You have a right to withdraw your consent For activities where you have provided consent to Fur Affinity, you have a right to withdraw your consent at any time by opening a trouble ticket and notify staff. Note that where you remove consent we may not be able to offer you continued access to the Services. However, if the consent relates to activities that are not strictly necessary for a functional user experience, your withdrawal will not affect your ability to use and access the Services. We respect the fact that your personal information is your information, and we'll make it easy for you to manage and update your personal details. You may contact us directly on the site via Trouble Ticket or by emailing privacy@furaffinity.net for privacy-related concerns or to exercise any of your rights below. You have a right to rectify, update or complete any inaccurate personal data, pending verification of your identification. Most of this can be accomplished through various settings pages on site (Account Settings, Profile Info, or Contacts and Social Media), You have the right to obtain a copy of all personal data that Fur Affinity holds about you, such as personal details or correspondence, generally, within a 30 day time limit and free of charge. You may limit the amount of data that you would like to obtain if you do not wish to access all of the records. Under certain circumstances you can request that a data collector move your data to another service provider. This is not an automatic right, and because Fur Affinity provides unique Services, it may not be able to honor your right to data portability. You have a right to request Fur Affinity stop certain data processing activities that involve processing your personal data. This isn't an automatic right, and Fur Affinity's ability to restrict processing will depend on the type of data that for which you are making this request. You have a right to request Fur Affinity delete your account and its personal personal data. This isn't an automatic right, and what Fur Affinity is able to delete will depend on the type of data held about you, whether it was obtained via consent, what purpose it serves, and whether Fur Affinity has an obligation to keep the data, among other criteria. Until such time your account is deleted you will continue to be considered an user, and we will process and retain your data as described in this policy. Deletions are permanent and non-reversable. If you feel that Fur Affinity is not processing your personal data in a manner that complies with the GDPR, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country of residence. For activities where you have provided consent to Fur Affinity, you have a right to withdraw your consent at any time by opening a trouble ticket and notify staff. Note that where you remove consent we may not be able to offer you continued access to the Services. However, if the consent relates to activities that are not strictly necessary for a functional user experience, your withdrawal will not affect your ability to use and access the Services. Questions, comments, or concerns regarding this policy may be sent via email to privacy@furaffinity.net. Our computer systems and third party hosting provider systems are currently based in the United States and may be located in other countries, so your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. and other countries where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with the site as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the site you agree to this privacy policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this privacy policy. 90563 Users online — 6820 guests, 16996 registered and 66747 other Users online Server Time: Dec 17, 2023 01:37 PM