You sign away moral rights. There is a date of the last update of the terms. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. You waive your right to a class action.. The court of law governing the terms is in location X. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. This service is only available to users of a certain age. The service gives 30 days of notice before closing your account. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. You have the right to leave this service at any time. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The terms for this service are translated into different languages. Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $100. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Political discussions which are against the government-advocated value are prohibited. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. This service holds onto content that you've deleted. Your identity is used in ads that are shown to other users. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination