#masthead #content #colophon .site-branding #site-navigation  .container #primary #main .entry-header .entry-content Privacy Policy If you are concerned about your online privacy, we recommend that you find guidance for how to protect your privacy online at , find free privacy tools provided by , and learn about "Do Not Track" from the . This Privacy Policy is subject to change without notice. Last Updated November 24, 2023, 09:31 PM (CST) Contents of this privacy policy applies solely to data collected by this website. of this privacy policy applies to data collected by third-party websites and services. Part 1 - Data Stored by Gap Creek Media This section (Part 1) applies exclusively to information collected by this website's server-side hardware and software and does not apply to information collected by third-party services linked to or embedded in this website. Forms We use forms to facilitate communication and to provide technical support to website visitors. These forms ask for personally identifiable information. Providing your information is completely optional and voluntary on your part. However, this information may be required to comply with any request. To help prevent fraud and abuse, IP addresses are collected and transmitted by email with the form's contents to our email address. Emails received from form submissions are only retained while relevant to an ongoing request. Information required for accounting and tax purposes will be retained in accordance with Federal, State, and local laws. In such case that you have submitted a form and would like us to expedite the deletion of your information, you may request all data be permanently deleted. To identify your information, be sure you provide either a matching IP address or email address so that we may identify your information to be provided to you or deleted and select to delete or provide you with your information. To receive an export of your data, we may require you to verify both a matching email address and IP address. Cookies Cookies are required for the proper functioning of this website, such as for the use of forms or signing in to your account when such forms or user accounts are available. These cookies are not used for tracking, and they will expire within 30 days. Security When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected by an SSL. Wherever we collect sensitive information, that information is encrypted and transmitted securely. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the web address in your browser. What rights you have over your data If you have submitted personal information on this website, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you. You can also request that we delete any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Your Access to and Control Over Information Collected on This Website Go to our form to: Request an export of your data Request that we permanently delete your data Part 2 - Third-Party websites and services We have provided a list of third-party services and resources that we may integrate into this website to help you identify your privacy rights and responsibilities according to those services and resources. Website Management and Hosting The management and hosting of this website is performed by third parties and uses computer hardware controlled by a third-party. Information collected by this website will be transmitted to the aforementioned computer hardware and will be accessible by third parties for the purposes of maintenance, technical services, and general management of this website and supporting services. The Privacy Policy links in this section of our policy are to notify you of the policies that govern the operation and administration of this website. Your use of this website constitutes consent of these policies where your privacy may be affected. Website Management: - Backups & Security: - Website Hosting: - MailPoet ® ® is an email sending and marketing platform. We may embed subscription forms on this website for use with MailPoet. By submitting any form on this website, you acknowledge the use of MailPoet for our email sending service and that we are subject to and bound by our agreement with . Rackspace ® We use ® for our email hosting. By submitting any form on this website, you acknowledge the use of Rackspace for our email hosting and that we are subject to and bound by our agreement with . Google Maps ® We embed ® to help website visitors locate our place of business. Use of this feature requires agreement with Google's . Such agreement is between the reader and Google and is separate from your agreement with the Privacy Policy for Gap Creek Media. Google reCAPTCHA ® We embed ® to use with forms as an added layer of deterrence to spam and other malicious uses. Gap Creek Media reserves the right to include software that reduces spam and improves security for website visitors and our customers. For issues regarding privacy, please see Google's . Google Fonts ® We embed ® to provide a more enjoyable reading experience on our website. Gap Creek Media reserves the right to include software that improves the overall end-user experience for website visitors and our customers, and that represents an aesthetic representation of our brand and an extension of our speech. For issues regarding privacy, please see Google's . YouTube ® We embed ® videos utilizing in order to bring the quality and familiarity of YouTube while limiting tracking of our website visitors. Gap Creek Media reserves the right to include software that improves the overall end-user experience for website visitors and our customers, and that represents an aesthetic representation of our brand and an extension of our speech. For issues regarding privacy, please see Google's . External Links This website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other website that this website links to. Services Pricing Team FAQ Recent Blog Posts Blog Categories Contact Us Subscribe to our Newsletter Service Status Website Information Download QR Code RSS Gap Creek Media © 2024