Add To Discord Web Dashboard Home Commands Wiki FAQ Translate Partners Premium Last updated on 25th of May 2019 Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Cakey Bot's website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: modify or copy the materials; use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial); attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Cakey Bot's website; remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Cakey Bot at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format. The materials on Cakey Bot's website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Cakey Bot makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Cakey Bot does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site. In no event shall Cakey Bot or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Cakey Bot's website, even if Cakey Bot or a Cakey Bot authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. The materials appearing on Cakey Bot's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Cakey Bot does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Cakey Bot may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Cakey Bot does not make any commitment to update the materials. Cakey Bot has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Cakey Bot of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk. Cakey Bot may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service. These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The United States of America and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that location. Last updated on 8th September 2022 This Refund Policy describes our policies regarding the handling of refunds in general and does not serve as a legal base, neither is it approved by professionals. It is used to lay down the foundations for any decision made upon requests. Any point listed here might be reason for permitted initiations of any refund. Listed below are possible reasons that might permit the initiation of a full or prorated refund. Any kind of unauthorized transaction that was not undertaken on your behalf but financially affects you. Any situation in which you have not successfully received or are unable to access premium perks. By user request if the request is made within the first week of making the purchase. All of the reasons above require viable proof in order to be accepted as possible inquires for the initiation of a refund. Below listed are situations in which any kind of refund will not be initiated due to non-acceptable reasons. Any situation in which you actively or passively forgot to cancel your ongoing subscription. Any further non-believable reason without feasible argumentation. Please do note that we are unable to accept inquires in situations listed above due to financial reasons. In order to successfully come to an agreement please remember to behave, be patient and remain pleasant. Performing a chargeback on behalf of the payment processor your transaction was handled through will not work out in your favor! In most situations we are able to fight such cases in order to remain with our right. Without prior contact to the team behind Cakey Bot you might end up being excluded from the usage of our services indefinitely. When staying friendly and courteous you might end up being served with a refund regardless of the non-application of stated above points. If you believe your situation is viable for a refund you may wish to contact us via one of the ways listed below. © 2018-2023 ~ MrCakeSlayer