This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. You maintain ownership of your content. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages.. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. Features of the website are made available under a free software license. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. You have the right to leave this service at any time. They may stop providing the service at any time. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify the service.. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. When the service wants to change its terms, users are notified a week or more in advance.. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself