This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You can delete your content from this service. You are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses that may incur by downloading materials. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service..  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. The service has a no refund policy. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (Georgia, USA). This service is only available to users over 13 years of age. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. You waive your right to a class action.. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $100. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed