Privacy By Design For Everyone This privacy policy details the information about you that we collect, including personally identifiable information, to provide you with our programs and services. November 21, 2013 The Calyx Institute ("Calyx") is dedicated to preserving and protecting your privacy, and our Internet test bed, suite of Internet programs and services and educational programs that we recommend are designed from the ground up with that as Calyx's foremost objective. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") details the information about you that we collect, including personally identifiable information ("personal information"), to provide you with our programs and services. Personal information is information that can be used to identify you. In summary We limit the amount of personal information we receive and retain, and thereby strive to protect your privacy. Our fundamental policy is to collect only the personal information that is essential to provide the programs and services we offer and plan to offer. We pursue this goal in a variety of ways, including providing you with multiple ways of setting up, managing and paying for your membership, limiting the number of resources our Websites load from third parties, and using only a minimal number of session cookies. We do not collect any personal information for the purpose of advertising, marketing, or consumer research. Furthermore, we do not collect information from other sources, such as credit information from credit agencies or commercially available demographic and marketing information from third parties, and we do not purchase e-mail lists from third parties. This Privacy Policy governs your privacy in connection with your use of the following Calyx programs and services: Internet Services Websites Educational Programs and Materials We collect and maintain personal information as well as technical information only to the extent necessary to provide you with our programs and services. We do not sell, and do not contemplate selling your personal or technical information to anyone for any reason other than in connection with the transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Calyx to a third party which transfer must be approved by the Office of the Attorney General of the State of New York. We will exercise our best efforts to provide notice on our Websites prior to such an event to enable any Member or other person registered with us to remove his/her personal information at that time. The confidentiality of your personal information is very important to us. We will use your personal information only in connection with providing our Internet Services, Websites and Educational Programs and Materials. Thus, membership information will be used for maintaining your registration and active membership. Specific logging information will be used to diagnose problems with our Websites, and potentially to improve what we provide on our Websites. These activities typically include: The confidentiality of technical information related to your use of our programs and services is also very important to us. We use the technical information we collect only to address network integrity, quality control, capacity, misuse, viruses, and security issues, as well as for network planning, engineering and technical troubleshooting purposes. Additionally, this information may be used in the case of any lawsuit initiated against Calyx, or to protect Calyx’s rights. It is our policy not to disclose your personal information to any individual not affiliated with Calyx without your express prior consent, other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as required by applicable law. Technical information related to your use of our service may be disclosed to a third party in connection with providing upgrades, or maintenance or repairs to our network and infrastructure. We seek to require all third parties to be subject to contractual obligations to respect your personal information as provided under this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, however, to disclose your information, both personal and technical, if we have a good faith belief it is entirely necessary to comply with the law, protect the integrity of our programs and services, or act in an emergency to protect your safety or that of another. This information will be shared only if the appropriate third party properly requests it. This process is explained below. We will share personal information available to us with law enforcement or other government agency in any of the following circumstances: Sometimes a law enforcement or other government agency request may contain a “gag order” that prohibits us from disclosing to a user that a request has been made for his or her personal information (for example, a “National Security Letter” pursuant to 18 USC § 2709(c)). Calyx's Executive Director has experience challenging the Constitutionality of a National Security Letter. Although we may not be able to able to challenge all secrecy demands, we have designed our Internet Services (including our system infrastructure), Websites and Educational Programs and Materials with an eye toward user privacy, as described in other Sections of this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on our Websites. In addition, regardless of the nature of the legal proceeding, we will carefully consider every third-party attempt to get your personal information to determine how much and what kind of data we must share. Our foremost goals are to communicate with you whenever possible about who is attempting to acquire information related to you and to use our best efforts to respond in a way that protects your privacy to the extent the law permits. However, we will not violate the law and we must comply with lawful governmental orders and investigations. We will try to protect your privacy to the extend the law permits. We will try to protect your privacy to the extend the law permits. If you would like to review or correct your personal information we maintain, please contact us. Calyx will use good faith efforts to respond to any requests from Members to review their personal information maintained in reasonably retrievable form, and we will correct information found to be inaccurate. Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, we encrypt all personal information, and restrict access to personal information to our employees or other personnel (such as independent contractors) who need to know the information to help provide you with any of our programs and services. All contracted third parties who work with personal information will be subject to contractual obligations to respect your personal information as provided for under this Privacy Policy. In the unlikely event that the security of our storage facilities is compromised, resulting in an unauthorized third party having access to any of your information, we will attempt to contact you and let you know. You may provide us an email address that we will notify in the event of a breach. From time to time, we may change our Privacy Policy to reflect more accurately our evolving programs and services. Any modification to our Privacy Policy will be reflected on this page, and, whenever we decide to alter materially any part of this Privacy Policy, we will provide you with prominent notice prior to the date of the change (for example, an e-mail notification or alert on our Websites). Your continued attendance at, or participation in or access of our Internet Services, Websites, Educational Programs and Materials will constitute your acceptance of the changes. This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date first set forth above. •