 Main page About Contact FAQ Privacy Policy From OpenStreetMap Foundation Contents 1 Introduction 2 Why do we store and process personal data? 3 What data do we store and process? 3.1 Data from contributions to OpenStreetMap 3.2 OSMF Membership Data 3.3 Conference and Event Registration Data 3.4 Personal Data from Your Communications with OpenStreetMap 4 Who has access to the data 5 Where do we store the data 6 How can you control the processing of your data and reduce privacy related issues 7 Right to Object 8 Detailed Information 8.1 GPS Trace Data 8.2 Map Data 8.3 User 'home' location 8.4 Email Addresses 8.4.1 Gravatar 8.5 Data you may voluntarily add to your profile or diary posts 8.6 Personal data we receive automatically 8.7 Third party provided services and data 8.8 Unrelated Third-Party-Providers of Services and Data 8.9 Communication via OSMF provided Systems 8.10 Account Removal 8.11 Cookies 9 Other Relevant Policies 10 This document states the OpenStreetMap privacy policy applicable to OpenStreetMap Foundation (OSMF) activities. In particular, these activities include: privacy policy It describes what personal information we may be gathering from you, who can see this information, and what options you have for controlling this. We value your privacy and strive to achieve a balance between the legitimate interests of the OpenStreetMap project and your interests and rights. OpenStreetMap developers, contributors and related companies will often use the OpenStreetMap name and logo to set up groups or services on third-party web sites. For example, there might be a Facebook page, a Google Plus page, a Slack channel, a page on Xing or LinkedIn, a Meetup group, and so on. The privacy practices of such services are outside of OSMF's control and might be located in countries with different data protection rules. Data you share on these platforms cannot, therefore, be covered by this policy. Please refer to the privacy policies of those third-party services. The purpose of the OpenStreetMap project and the OSMF is to provide open geographic data, such as street maps, to anyone. Besides the geographic data contributed (points lines, and areas with associated attributes and GPS trace data), and communications related data (diary posts and comments, the user page, changeset comments, and messages) we store Personal data such as your name and contact information submitted as a result of communicating with OpenStreetMap, joining mailing lists, participating in the forum, or requesting information is retained to facilitate our ability to correspond with you. We do not share email addresses associated with accounts with any third party and they are only accessible to operations and working group personnel who have signed confidentiality agreements. User-to-user messages are visible to the sender and the recipient; other access is limited to our operations staff and only if required for operational reasons, to enforce our acceptable use policies, to fulfil any legal obligations, and, most notably, to prevent spam. Similarly, network access data is only used to support network operations and access is limited to operating personnel performing operational tasks and to combat vandalism and minimize spam. The remainder of the personal data collected by us is made available, depending on the use case, via the website, via the editing API and from our data dumps, to users with accounts who are logged in. Personal data other than any associated with a tile request (for instance, IP addresses and request details) is stored in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands. Backups are stored in the EU. Map tiles are provided by a global network of cache servers; which tile server your browser or app accesses is determined by the operation of the content distribution network at the time of the request. While not required by law, we provide the following mechanisms to reduce the exposure of your personal data: You should not enable gravatar support or use an e-mail address you have associated with a gravatar if privacy is a concern. You can further reduce exposure by not adding personal information to the map data (personal names and such) that you submit. Such information is in general not considered to be a useful addition to our data and you should refrain from adding it. When GPS data for an area is downloaded via the API, no indication is provided of which user uploaded a point or of the timestamp that is associated with the point. Points are, however, returned in timestamp order. GPS data downloaded in this way will include points from traces which were not marked as public. If a GPS trace is marked as public when it is uploaded then the raw trace may be downloaded from the web site or by using an API call. In this case the user's display name is shown (regardless of whether the user has made their edits public or not) and the timestamps in the GPX file will be included. Also, any additional information placed in the GPX file will still be present, e.g., waypoints with their names and/or notes entered, associated symbols, elevation data, etc. You should remove any such information from the data and trim enough information from the beginning and the end of the trace to obscure the start and destination of it before uploading it if you have privacy concerns. All edits made to the map are recorded in the database with the user ID of the user making the change, and a timestamp at the time of change upload. In general all of this information is also made available to everyone via the website, including links to allow everyone to easily cross-reference which user has made which edit. Editing programs (such as JOSM and iD) can store further data in the database that may be relevant to your privacy. Please refer to the respective authors and distributors of the programs for more information. For example, iD and JOSM may add the language settings of your device to the metadata of each changeset and the make and operating system of the device may be visible from the transmitted version strings. If a user sets a home location then it will appear on the "nearby mappers" list for other people with a home location near the user's home location. This is an option on your account settings page. The registered email address for an OSM user account will never intentionally be published on the internet anywhere, shared with third party organisations, or revealed directly to other users. Email addresses will be used by the server to notify the user if another user has sent a message through the website, and for other system generated notifications. Email addresses associated with wiki, forum and help site accounts are stored separately from the OSM user account data in the respective systems. These address are used for notifications and user-to-user communication (if enabled). These addresses are not publicly visible or shared with third parties, but may be visible to the administrators of the systems. You are not required to fill out your profile or make diary posts. By voluntarily entering personal data in your user profile or diary posts, you consent to that information being publicly available and stored by OSMF as long as you maintain an OSM account. You may edit your public profile or your diary posts at any time to remove such information if you change your mind. The OSMF operates a number of services for the OpenStreetMap community, examples are the openstreetmap.org website, the "Standard" style online map, the OSM API and the nominatim search facility. When you visit an OSMF website, access any of the services via a browser or via applications that utilize the provided APIs, records of that use are produced, we collect information about your browser or application and your interaction with our website, including (a) IP address, (b) browser and device type, (c) operating system, (d) referring web page, (e) the date and time of page visits, and (f) the pages accessed on our websites. Further we may operate user interaction tracking software that will generate additional records of user activity, for example Piwik. These records are used or can be used in the following ways: IP addresses stored by Piwik are shortened to two bytes and detailed usage information is retained for 180 days. Given the temporary nature of this storage, it is generally not feasible for us to provide access to IP addresses or the logs associated with them. We may share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, we may hire companies to assist with protecting and securing our systems or services, increasing their efficiency, and to support the OSMF activities described herein. For instance, OSMF recently engaged a CDN provider to allocate demand generated by OSM users efficiently across a global network. Any vendor or agent that we retain must comply with our data privacy and security requirements and this privacy policy and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose other than to provide the services requested by OSMF. Like us, they will never barter, trade, or sell access to your personal data. We remain responsible and liable under data protection laws if third-party agents we engage to process personal data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the applicable data protection laws, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Some sites or services provided by OSMF may be linked with third party applications or websites that provide content or services that is unrelated to OSMF. Such third party applications or websites are not associated with OSMF and personal data collected by them is not covered by the terms of this privacy policy. You will need to refer to the respective third party provider of such content or services for more information about how they handle personal data collected by them. Using these services will typically transmit at least your Internet address and browser information to the operator. Some such unrelated third-party providers are: The OSM community uses a number of channels for public and inter-personal communication. Some of the systems are operated and controlled by third parties and can be located in countries other than the UK. You will need to refer to the respective service providers for more information. These 3rd party operated systems are: By using those systems that are provided by the OSMF, for example the messaging system on openstreetmap.org, you agree to your communications being intercepted by OSMF system managers when necessary to address operational issues, to enforce our acceptable use policies, most notably to prevent spam, and to fulfil any legal obligations. You should be aware of the above when communicating sensitive information and you should employ encryption to protect your communications content. If you have not actively contributed to the project we will not retain any records, user page, diary posts and similar will be removed. If you have contributed your account will be renamed to user_USERID and contributions and changeset comments will be retained with this name, diary entries and your user page will be removed. Since we do not allow anonymous edits we will non-publicly retain your email address in case you need to be contacted with respect to your contributions. Wiki and forum accounts will be renamed to a pseudo-anonymous name, but otherwise will remain as is. You can unsubscribe yourself from any mailing lists, however you need to realize that personal copies held by the recipients of any mails you sent to the lists and the archives on lists.openstreetmap.org cannot be removed. In your request for account removal you need to identify all accounts that are affected as we do not have information on which accounts belong to which OpenStreetMap id. Numerous OSMF-operated services use cookies to store information on your login and site navigation state. We also use cookies and similar technologies to recognize and improve your use of our websites. You may delete cookies from your computer, and most browsers provide the option to block them. If you block cookies placed by us (first party cookies), you will not be able to access parts of the OSMF websites and services that require a login. However, your access to our websites will not be affected if you disable cookies placed by third parties. If you believe that we hold information that would allow us to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate information about you or if you believe that information about you has been processed in violation of this privacy policy please email us at privacy@osmfoundation.org . Note that you may change your username, email associated with your account, and ‘home’ location through your account without contacting the OSMF. Variants More