 Main page About Contact FAQ Terms of Use From OpenStreetMap Foundation Adopted by the OSMF board on September the 20th 2018. (together, the “Services”). “Services” By using these Services, you agree to be bound by the following Terms of Service, as updated from time to time (collectively, the "Terms"'). Please read them carefully. If you don’t agree to these Terms, you may not use the Services. "Terms"' Please be aware of the following: OSMF as host: You are responsible for your own actions: Though we hope OSM and its supporting projects will continue for the foreseeable future, we reserve the right to suspend or end the Services at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. Because our Services are used by people all over the world, personal information that we collect may be stored and processed in any other country in which we or our agents maintain facilities. If you are a resident of the EU, EEA, or EFTA, your information will be stored and processed in accordance with the GDPR. If you are a resident of another country, you consent to any such transfer of information outside your country by using our Services. You agree to keep the contact information associated with your OSM account current and complete. Your contact information will be used in accordance with the Privacy Policy. You must be 13 years or older to use the Services. If you are at least 13 but under 16 years of age, a parent or other adult authorized by your parent may create an account for you to use. The account must not contain any personal data about you, and you must not add any personal data about yourself. For example, your parent may create an account using your parent’s email address and a username that is not associated with you, which your parent may permit you to use to contribute map edits. For your protection, you are not allowed to use the social aspects of the Services (diary posts, ‘home’ location, mailing lists and forums), but you may contribute edits to the map. You should not reveal any personal data in any communications you have regarding your map edits. By registering as a user or providing personal information on the Services, you represent that you are at least 16 years old. You are solely responsible for your compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and third party agreements in your use of the Services. You represent you are not, and are not controlled by, an individual, organization or entity organized or located in a country or territory that is the target of sanctions imposed, or on any restricted or sanctioned party list maintained by the United Kingdom. You may not use the Services to: Through your OSM account, you may have access to some personal data from other OSM contributors. You may not use, store, or process any personal data available through the Services for any purpose other than: For the avoidance of doubt, you may not use personal data available through the Services to: If you are entering into this agreement on behalf of your company or another legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind that entity to these Terms, in which case "you" will mean the entity you represent. You may not permit your end users or other third parties to use the Services in any way that would be a violation of these Terms if done by you, and you agree to take reasonable efforts to prevent such use. You agree to promptly notify OSMF in writing if you become aware of any misappropriation or unauthorized use of the Services. You are free to stop using the Services any time. You may not have access to data that you stored on the Services after we cancel or suspend your account. You are responsible for backing up data that you use with the Services. If your account or access is blocked or otherwise terminated for any reason, your public contributions will remain publicly available (subject to applicable policies), and, unless we notify you otherwise, you may still access our public pages for the sole purpose of reading publicly available content. In such circumstances, however, you may not be able to access your account or settings. Even after your use and participation are banned, blocked or otherwise suspended, these Terms of Use will remain in effect with respect to relevant provisions, including Sections I-X. You agree that we may freely exploit and make available any and all feedback, suggestions, ideas, enhancement requests, recommendations or other information you provide relating to the Services. If any provision of these Terms is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Headings are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and OSMF as a result of these Terms or your use of the Services. You further acknowledge no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied, or other relationship is created between you and OSMF other than pursuant to these Terms. Highlighted for emphasis If you seek to file a legal claim against us, you agree to file and resolve it exclusively in a court located in London, United Kingdom. You also agree that English law will govern these Terms, as well as any legal claim that might arise between you and us (without reference to conflict of laws principles). You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, the courts located in London, United Kingdom, in any legal action or proceeding relating to us or these Terms. To ensure that disputes are dealt with soon after they arise, you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action you might have arising out of or related to use of our Services or these Terms must be filed within the applicable statute of limitations or, if earlier, one (1) year after the pertinent facts underlying such claim or cause of action could have been discovered with reasonable diligence (or be forever barred). Your use of the Services is at your sole risk. We provide the Services on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and we expressly disclaim all express or implied warranties of all kinds, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. We make no warranty that our Services will meet your requirements, be safe, secure, uninterrupted, timely, accurate, or error-free, or that your information will be secure. We are not responsible for the content, data, or actions of third parties, and you release us, our directors, officers, employees, and agents from any claims and damages, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with any claim you have against any such third parties. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from us or through or from our Services creates any warranty not expressly stated in these Terms. Any material downloaded or otherwise obtained through your use of our Services is done at your own discretion and risk, and you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of any such material. You agree that we have no responsibility or liability for the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any content or communication maintained by the service. We retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. We may add, change, replace, remove, or discontinue the features and functions of the Services, including APIs. It is your responsibility to ensure that calls or requests you make to the Services are compatible with then-current APIs and authentication methods, and that you handle responses properly. Some states or jurisdictions do not allow the types of disclaimers in this section, so they may not apply to you either in part or in full depending on the law. The OSMF will not be liable to you or to any other party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses, regardless of whether we were advised of the possibility of such damage. In no event shall our liability exceed one thousand British pounds (GBP 1000.00) in aggregate. In the case that applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you, although our liability will be limited to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. We may modify these Terms and other terms related to your use of the Services (like our Privacy Policy) from time to time, by posting the changed terms on the OSMF website. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the OSMF website unless they specify a later date. Changes will not apply retroactively. Please check these Terms periodically for changes -- your continued use of the Services after new Terms become effective constitutes your binding acceptance of the new Terms. Variants More