The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. You have the right to leave this service at any time. This service is only available to users of a certain age. The court of law governing the terms is in location X.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . There is a date of the last update of the terms. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. They may stop providing the service at any time. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. You are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses that may incur by downloading materials.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. Your use is throttled. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Content is published under a free license instead of a bilateral one. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account