Privacy policy Common Application Privacy PolicyDate of Last Update: September 2023 Date of Last Update: September 2023 1. NoticeThis Privacy Policy applies to properties owned and operated by The Common Application, Inc. (“Common App”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”), which include www.commonapp.org, apply.commonapp.org, and recommend.commonapp.org, (“Web Site”) and our mobile app (the “App”) (collectively, “Properties”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Common App collects and uses the personal information you provide through our Properties. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of personal information about you and how you can access and update this information. Please read this Policy carefully before providing us with any information. If you are a citizen of the U.S. or EU/UK, please also review the Supplemental Statements on your U.S. and EU/UK data privacy rights (located at the end of this Policy). When you visit or use our Properties, interact with customer service representatives, work with us, apply to work with us, or otherwise engage or interact with Common App or its employees, contractors, agents, or representatives, you understand that we will collect, use, and disclosure your personal information as described in this Policy. Please note that Common App is a not-for-profit organization based in the U.S. Any personal information you provide or we collect is transmitted to, and stored in, the U.S., and will also be shared with our member Colleges and Universities, at your direction, including in countries where laws may be less protective of personal information about you than in your home country. This Privacy Policy applies to properties owned and operated by The Common Application, Inc. (“Common App”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”), which include www.commonapp.org, apply.commonapp.org, and recommend.commonapp.org, (“Web Site”) and our mobile app (the “App”) (collectively, “Properties”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Common App collects and uses the personal information you provide through our Properties. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of personal information about you and how you can access and update this information. Please read this Policy carefully before providing us with any information. If you are a citizen of the U.S. or EU/UK, please also review the Supplemental Statements on your U.S. and EU/UK data privacy rights (located at the end of this Policy). When you visit or use our Properties, interact with customer service representatives, work with us, apply to work with us, or otherwise engage or interact with Common App or its employees, contractors, agents, or representatives, you understand that we will collect, use, and disclosure your personal information as described in this Policy. Please note that Common App is a not-for-profit organization based in the U.S. Any personal information you provide or we collect is transmitted to, and stored in, the U.S., and will also be shared with our member Colleges and Universities, at your direction, including in countries where laws may be less protective of personal information about you than in your home country. This Privacy Policy applies to properties owned and operated by The Common Application, Inc. (“Common App”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”), which include www.commonapp.org, apply.commonapp.org, and recommend.commonapp.org, (“Web Site”) and our mobile app (the “App”) (collectively, “Properties”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Common App collects and uses the personal information you provide through our Properties. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of personal information about you and how you can access and update this information. Please read this Policy carefully before providing us with any information. If you are a citizen of the U.S. or EU/UK, please also review the Supplemental Statements on your U.S. and EU/UK data privacy rights (located at the end of this Policy). When you visit or use our Properties, interact with customer service representatives, work with us, apply to work with us, or otherwise engage or interact with Common App or its employees, contractors, agents, or representatives, you understand that we will collect, use, and disclosure your personal information as described in this Policy. Please note that Common App is a not-for-profit organization based in the U.S. Any personal information you provide or we collect is transmitted to, and stored in, the U.S., and will also be shared with our member Colleges and Universities, at your direction, including in countries where laws may be less protective of personal information about you than in your home country. 2. This policy will inform you about:Changes to this Policy Personal information Common App collects and how we use it With whom Common App shares the information we collect about you Your choices regarding communications from Common App and Member Colleges and Universities Common App’s Data Retention Policy Common App’s Data Security Policies and Practices Children’s Privacy How you can contact us regarding this policy U.S. Supplemental EEA/UK Supplemental Changes to this Policy Personal information Common App collects and how we use it With whom Common App shares the information we collect about you Your choices regarding communications from Common App and Member Colleges and Universities Common App’s Data Retention Policy Common App’s Data Security Policies and Practices Children’s Privacy How you can contact us regarding this policy U.S. Supplemental EEA/UK Supplemental Changes to this Policy Personal information Common App collects and how we use it With whom Common App shares the information we collect about you Your choices regarding communications from Common App and Member Colleges and Universities Common App’s Data Retention Policy Common App’s Data Security Policies and Practices Children’s Privacy How you can contact us regarding this policy U.S. Supplemental EEA/UK Supplemental 3. Changes to this PolicyChanges to this Policy will be posted on this page. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, so please review it periodically to learn of updates. If you do not accept this Policy, please do not use our Properties. Changes to this Policy will be posted on this page. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, so please review it periodically to learn of updates. If you do not accept this Policy, please do not use our Properties. A. Properties Visitors B. Applicants C. Parents/Guardians and Siblings of Applicants D. College/University Administrators E. School Officials F. Recommenders G. Job Applicants Common App also collects the above information when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and the rights of our members and/or to comply with law or legal obligation (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). Common App may disclose your personal information to third parties where it is necessary and for purposes described in this Privacy Statement or as notified at the time of collection, including: 6. Your Choices Regarding Communications from Common App and Member Colleges and UniversitiesApplicants. When you register with Common App, you are required to express your communications preferences to receive communications from Common App. These communications may include emails, phone or text messages or physical mailings to your address regarding financial aid, tips, and broader topics that Common App feels would benefit you. If you later decide that you would like to “opt out,” please contact the applicant Solutions Center with your request, using the “Instructions & Help” link from your applicant account, or by clicking on the gear icon from your applicant account and changing your communication preference. If you “opt out,” we may still contact you with messages regarding your account with us, including registration and submission confirmation texts, physical mail, and/or emails, to contact you to help answer a technical support question that you may have posed to us regarding your use of the Properties. Through our App, we send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about the admission application process. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To send these notifications, we collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information. School Officials and Recommenders. If you “opt out” of the online recommendation system via the email invitation initiated by the applicant, you will not receive any College/University specific information concerning the applicant’s admissions process; however, we may use your email address, cell phone number, and/or mailing address to send you registration and submission confirmation communications, text messages or emails, or we may need to contact the user/recommender to help answer a technical support question that you may have posed to us regarding your use of the Properties and to provide you with other information relevant to the student’s admission application process. Additionally, any member colleges may communicate with you regarding the applicant, using the information you or the applicant provide. Targeted online advertising. Our targeted online advertising is only directed towards prospective Common App Members, and counselors and recommenders. Some of our business partners that collect information about your activities on or through the Properties may be members of organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding the use of their browsing behavior or mobile application usage for purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of receiving targeted advertising on websites from members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking here. Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above. In addition, your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit our, or our partners’, ability to engage in ad tracking or targeted advertising using the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising associated with your mobile device. If you choose to opt out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online, but they may not be relevant to you. Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com. Choosing not to share your Personal Data. Please note that we may not be able to provide you with certain services if you choose not to share with us certain Personal Data. Please consult the EU/UK Supplemental Statement and U.S. Supplemental Statement to learn about rights that apply to you if you reside in such jurisdictions. Applicants. When you register with Common App, you are required to express your communications preferences to receive communications from Common App. These communications may include emails, phone or text messages or physical mailings to your address regarding financial aid, tips, and broader topics that Common App feels would benefit you. If you later decide that you would like to “opt out,” please contact the applicant Solutions Center with your request, using the “Instructions & Help” link from your applicant account, or by clicking on the gear icon from your applicant account and changing your communication preference. If you “opt out,” we may still contact you with messages regarding your account with us, including registration and submission confirmation texts, physical mail, and/or emails, to contact you to help answer a technical support question that you may have posed to us regarding your use of the Properties. Through our App, we send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about the admission application process. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To send these notifications, we collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information. School Officials and Recommenders. If you “opt out” of the online recommendation system via the email invitation initiated by the applicant, you will not receive any College/University specific information concerning the applicant’s admissions process; however, we may use your email address, cell phone number, and/or mailing address to send you registration and submission confirmation communications, text messages or emails, or we may need to contact the user/recommender to help answer a technical support question that you may have posed to us regarding your use of the Properties and to provide you with other information relevant to the student’s admission application process. Additionally, any member colleges may communicate with you regarding the applicant, using the information you or the applicant provide. Targeted online advertising. Our targeted online advertising is only directed towards prospective Common App Members, and counselors and recommenders. Some of our business partners that collect information about your activities on or through the Properties may be members of organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding the use of their browsing behavior or mobile application usage for purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of receiving targeted advertising on websites from members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking here. Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above. In addition, your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit our, or our partners’, ability to engage in ad tracking or targeted advertising using the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising associated with your mobile device. If you choose to opt out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online, but they may not be relevant to you. Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com. Choosing not to share your Personal Data. Please note that we may not be able to provide you with certain services if you choose not to share with us certain Personal Data. Please consult the EU/UK Supplemental Statement and U.S. Supplemental Statement to learn about rights that apply to you if you reside in such jurisdictions. Applicants. When you register with Common App, you are required to express your communications preferences to receive communications from Common App. These communications may include emails, phone or text messages or physical mailings to your address regarding financial aid, tips, and broader topics that Common App feels would benefit you. If you later decide that you would like to “opt out,” please contact the applicant Solutions Center with your request, using the “Instructions & Help” link from your applicant account, or by clicking on the gear icon from your applicant account and changing your communication preference. If you “opt out,” we may still contact you with messages regarding your account with us, including registration and submission confirmation texts, physical mail, and/or emails, to contact you to help answer a technical support question that you may have posed to us regarding your use of the Properties. Through our App, we send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about the admission application process. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. To send these notifications, we collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information. School Officials and Recommenders. If you “opt out” of the online recommendation system via the email invitation initiated by the applicant, you will not receive any College/University specific information concerning the applicant’s admissions process; however, we may use your email address, cell phone number, and/or mailing address to send you registration and submission confirmation communications, text messages or emails, or we may need to contact the user/recommender to help answer a technical support question that you may have posed to us regarding your use of the Properties and to provide you with other information relevant to the student’s admission application process. Additionally, any member colleges may communicate with you regarding the applicant, using the information you or the applicant provide. Targeted online advertising. Our targeted online advertising is only directed towards prospective Common App Members, and counselors and recommenders. Some of our business partners that collect information about your activities on or through the Properties may be members of organizations or programs that provide choices to individuals regarding the use of their browsing behavior or mobile application usage for purposes of targeted advertising. You may opt-out of receiving targeted advertising on websites from members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking here. Please note that we also may work with companies that offer their own opt-out mechanisms and may not participate in the opt-out mechanisms that we linked above. In addition, your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit our, or our partners’, ability to engage in ad tracking or targeted advertising using the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising associated with your mobile device. If you choose to opt out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online, but they may not be relevant to you. Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com. Choosing not to share your Personal Data. Please note that we may not be able to provide you with certain services if you choose not to share with us certain Personal Data. Please consult the EU/UK Supplemental Statement and U.S. Supplemental Statement to learn about rights that apply to you if you reside in such jurisdictions. 7. Common App’s Retention Policy Common App keeps personal information about you for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the Common App service or we have another legitimate reason to retain it, including for research purposes, longitudinal studies using aggregate data, or for our business purposes. When determining how long to retain your personal information, our considerations include our legal obligations under applicable law and other mandatory record keeping requirements and the likelihood of you needing access to the personal information we hold for purposes related to your previous use of the Common App or App. Common App keeps personal information about you for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the Common App service or we have another legitimate reason to retain it, including for research purposes, longitudinal studies using aggregate data, or for our business purposes. When determining how long to retain your personal information, our considerations include our legal obligations under applicable law and other mandatory record keeping requirements and the likelihood of you needing access to the personal information we hold for purposes related to your previous use of the Common App or App. 8. Common App’s Data Security Policies and PracticesCommon App follows industry-recognized security practices and standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it’s received. We employ physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to promote the security of our systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of personal information. Those safeguards include: the pseudonymization and encryption of personal information where we deem appropriate; and periodic testing, assessment, and evaluation of the effectiveness of our safeguards. When Properties are accessed using a supported web browser, Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help ensure that data are safe, secure, and available only to authorized users. Your User Registration information is password-protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone, that you sign out of your Common App registration account and close your browser window when you have finished your work, and that you do not copy and paste links from within the online application into an email or share with others on a public forum. Common App follows industry-recognized security practices and standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it’s received. We employ physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to promote the security of our systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of personal information. Those safeguards include: the pseudonymization and encryption of personal information where we deem appropriate; and periodic testing, assessment, and evaluation of the effectiveness of our safeguards. When Properties are accessed using a supported web browser, Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help ensure that data are safe, secure, and available only to authorized users. Your User Registration information is password-protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone, that you sign out of your Common App registration account and close your browser window when you have finished your work, and that you do not copy and paste links from within the online application into an email or share with others on a public forum. Common App follows industry-recognized security practices and standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it’s received. We employ physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to promote the security of our systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of personal information. Those safeguards include: the pseudonymization and encryption of personal information where we deem appropriate; and periodic testing, assessment, and evaluation of the effectiveness of our safeguards. When Properties are accessed using a supported web browser, Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help ensure that data are safe, secure, and available only to authorized users. Your User Registration information is password-protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone, that you sign out of your Common App registration account and close your browser window when you have finished your work, and that you do not copy and paste links from within the online application into an email or share with others on a public forum. We do not process a child’s Personal Information, ages 13 to 15, without the explicit consent of the child’s parent or custodian. We collect this Personal Information to assist our users with the use of our application. Our legal basis for doing this is that it is necessary in order for children ages 13 to 15 to use our application. 10. Links to Other WebsitesOur Properties may reference or contain links to other websites or services operated by other organizations that have their own privacy policies, such as Colleges and Universities. This Policy does not cover the privacy or information practices of those organizations that may be linked to or referenced by the Properties. Please make sure you read the terms and conditions and privacy policy carefully before providing any personal information on a website or service operated by another organization, as we do not accept any responsibility or liability for websites or services of other organizations. Our Properties may reference or contain links to other websites or services operated by other organizations that have their own privacy policies, such as Colleges and Universities. This Policy does not cover the privacy or information practices of those organizations that may be linked to or referenced by the Properties. Please make sure you read the terms and conditions and privacy policy carefully before providing any personal information on a website or service operated by another organization, as we do not accept any responsibility or liability for websites or services of other organizations. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should first contact the following Common App representative by email, phone, or mail at the address below: Privacy Compliance The Common App, Inc. 3003 Washington Blvd., Ste. 1000 Arlington, VA 22201 privacy@commonapp.org (703) 378-9788 U.S. Supplemental Statement Certain U.S. states provide their residents with certain rights regarding their Personal Data that is collected by businesses. Common App has decided to allow all its customers and other persons in the U.S. to make the same requests, which we call Personal Data Requests (“PDRs”), regardless of whether their place of residence affords them the legal right to make such requests. Common App reserves the right to discontinue this policy at any time, and at its sole discretion, limit PDRs to only those residents of those jurisdictions where privacy laws afford the state residents privacy rights. This section provides information about the types of Personal Data we collect and disclose to other companies. It also explains how you may make a PDR if you are a US resident. Before processing your PDRs, we will confirm your identity by requiring you to provide certain information about you and/or your account with us and you will have to declare that you are who you claim to be. If you are an applicant, you may also save a copy of your application PDF to view the data Common App has collected about you. Request Deletion of Personal Data: You may request that we delete any Personal Data about you, and that we notify any service provider, contractor, or third party to delete your Personal Data from its records. Your Personal Data may not be deleted under certain circumstances allowed by law, including, but not limited to, where maintenance of your Personal Data is necessary to: complete the transaction for which the Personal Data was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, to provide a good or service that you requested or that is reasonably anticipated within the context of their ongoing business relationship with us, or to otherwise perform a contract between us and you; to detect security incidents, protect against or prosecute fraudulent or illegal activity; to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us; to comply with a legal obligation; or to otherwise use your Personal Data internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided that specific data. Request Correction of Personal Data: You may correct your Personal Data yourself through your Common App account before you submit your application. Once submitted, you will need to contact the Member institutions you have submitted your application to in order to correct your data. Request Opt-Out from Sale or Sharing of Personal Data or Use of Personal Data for Targeted Advertising or Profiling: You may direct us not to do the following: Request to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Data: You may request that we limit the use of your Sensitive Personal Data. Appeal a Denial of a Personal Data Request: Should we deny your Personal Data request, you may appeal the denial within 60 days from receipt of our decision on your request. If your appeal is denied, we will provide you with an online mechanism, if available, or other method through which you may contact the Attorney General of your state to submit a complaint or express your concerns. Authorized Agent: You may use an authorized agent to submit a PDR, including through the use of a technology including, but not limited to, an Internet link or a browser setting, browser extension or global device setting, indicating your intent to opt out of certain processing of Personal Data. To use an authorized agent, you must provide the agent with a signed authorization. We may require the agent to provide us with proof of the signed authorization. In addition, we may require you to verify your identity with us and directly confirm that you authorized the agent to submit the Personal Data request on your behalf. Such requirements, however, will not apply where you have provided the agent with power of attorney pursuant to applicable state law. Authorized agents may submit Personal Data requests using the same process described above. Non-discrimination: We will not discriminate against a person because the person exercised a PDR, including, but not limited to: Personal and Sensitive Personal Data Collected, Shared, Sold, or Disclosed for a Business Purpose: In the preceding 12 months, we may have collected the following categories of Personal Data from the following sources and for the following purposes. We may collect only certain pieces of Personal Data described in a given category and may not collect certain pieces of Personal Data described in each category. We retain this information as long as necessary for business purposes, which includes, but is not limited to, research and development, college application processing, and for compliance, fraud prevention, and safety. Device operating system version, device type and system response times, Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. Your gender, legal sex, pronouns, military status, race, language proficiency, place of birth, duration of residency in the U.S./other country of residency, citizenship status, and financial status. Your education, testing, extracurricular and/or community involvement history, and any information you voluntarily provide in your application, including writing samples and essays. Information about you from recommenders and educational institutions you have attended. EEA/UK GDPR Supplemental Statement If you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, and access our Properties, this EEA/UK GDPR supplemental notice applies to you. Who is the controller? Common App established at 3003 Washington Blvd, Suite 1000, Arlington VA, 22203, USA is the controller of your Personal Data. What Are Our Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data? We use your personal information only as permitted by law. Our legal bases for processing the personal information described in this Privacy Policy are described below. Performance of a contract We process your personal information as is necessary to provide the services that you requested from us. For example: We use your information in order to create your account and set you up on our Properties. We use your information to proceed with your application to our member Colleges and Universities. Your consent We process certain information based on your consent, which you may revoke at any time. For example: we and our business partners use cookies and similar technologies, as described in more detail in our Cookie Policy, based on your consent; we and our partners rely on your consent to provide you with personalized experience and advertisements based on your activity on our Properties and other websites; When you create a profile, we may process sensitive personal information about you, such as information about your ethnic or racial origin. We will only process such sensitive personal information when you have explicitly consented to it and will only use it to provide you with our services. Where we process your personal information based on your consent, you may withdraw it at any time. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of our processing before you withdrew your consent. It will also not affect the validity of our processing of personal information performed on other lawful grounds. Legitimate Interests We may process your information where it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or our partners’ legitimate interests. In particular, we process your information in furtherance of the following legitimate interests. For example: Keeping our Properties safe and secure: We and our service providers use your information because it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests in ensuring our Properties is secure, such as implementing and enhancing security measures and protections, protecting against fraud, spam and abuse, and enforcing our Terms of Use. Providing, improving, and developing our Properties: We and our service providers use your information to provide our Properties, including any personalized services, and to understand and improve our business. Conducting research and studies: We and our service providers/partners use your information to conduct research and studies. Providing ads, and measurement and analytics services: We and our partners use your information to provide personalized ads, and to measure and analyze the success of those ads in order to provide accurate and reliable reporting to our advertisers. We do so as necessary to pursue our legitimate interests and our partners’ legitimate interests of marketing and monetizing our services. Legal Obligation We may process your information in order to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims. For example: we may preserve and disclose your information if it is necessary to respond, based on applicable law, to a valid legal request (e.g., a subpoena, search warrant, court order, or other binding request from government or law enforcement); and we may retain and process your information where it is necessary for compliance with applicable laws. Your rights You have the following rights in relation to the Personal Data we hold about you: Right of access: you can ask us to provide you with information about our processing of your Personal Data and give you access to your Personal Data; Right to rectification: If the Personal Data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to request to have it rectified; Right to erasure: You can ask us to delete or remove Personal Data where there is no lawful reason for us continuing to store or process it, where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your Personal Data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons that will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request; Right to restrict processing: you can ask us to suspend the processing of your Personal Data if, (i) you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (ii) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (iii) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Right to object: Where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation that makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. Right to data portability: You have the right, in certain circumstances, to ask us to provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. Right to withdraw consent at any time: where we are relying on consent to process your Personal Data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. Please note that some of these rights may be limited where we have an overriding interest or legal obligation to continue to process the Personal Data or where certain exemptions apply. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details provided above. Although we urge you to contact us first to find a solution for every concern you may have, you always have the right to lodge a complaint with your competent data protection authority. How Do We Protect Personal Data if we transfer it internationally? We may transfer your Personal Data outside of the EEA and/or UK. Some of these recipients are located in countries in respect of which either the European Commission and/or UK Government (as and where applicable) has issued adequacy decisions, in which case, the recipient’s country is recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection under UK and/or European data protection laws (as applicable) and the transfer is therefore permitted under Article 45 of the GDPR. Some recipients of your Personal Data may be located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK for which the European Commission or UK Government (as and where applicable) has not issued adequacy decisions in respect of the level of data protection in such countries (“Restricted Countries”). Where we transfer your Personal Data to a recipient in a Restricted Country, we will either: enter into appropriate data transfer agreements based on so-called Standard Contractual Clauses approved from time-to-time under GDPR Art. 46 by the European Commission, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office or UK Government (as and where applicable); or rely on other appropriate means permitted by the EU/UK GDPR, which establish that such recipients will provide an adequate level of data protection and that appropriate technical and organizational security measures are in place to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, and against all other unlawful forms of processing. You may ask for a copy of such appropriate data transfer agreements by contacting us using the contact details above. EEA/UK GDPR Supplemental Statement If you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, and access our Properties, this EEA/UK GDPR supplemental notice applies to you. Who is the controller? What Are Our Legal Bases for Processing Personal Data? Your consent Where we process your personal information based on your consent, you may withdraw it at any time. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of our processing before you withdrew your consent. It will also not affect the validity of our processing of personal information performed on other lawful grounds. Legitimate Interests Legal Obligation Your rights Please note that some of these rights may be limited where we have an overriding interest or legal obligation to continue to process the Personal Data or where certain exemptions apply. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the contact details provided above. Although we urge you to contact us first to find a solution for every concern you may have, you always have the right to lodge a complaint with your competent data protection authority. How Do We Protect Personal Data if we transfer it internationally? Some recipients of your Personal Data may be located in countries outside the EEA and/or the UK for which the European Commission or UK Government (as and where applicable) has not issued adequacy decisions in respect of the level of data protection in such countries (“Restricted Countries”). Where we transfer your Personal Data to a recipient in a Restricted Country, we will either: You may ask for a copy of such appropriate data transfer agreements by contacting us using the contact details above. The Common Application Connect with #commonapp #commonapp © 2023 The Common Application, Inc