Planio Features Pricing & Sign Up Security About us Support No 1 in Redmine Hosting REDMINE No 1 in Redmine Hosting No 1 REDMINE Planio is very concerned with protecting the user’s privacy. Reasonable measures are undertaken to prevent unauthorized access to any personal information. Each time the user accesses the Planio website, data will the saved in a log file on the servers of Planio. This data may contain a timestamp of the access, information about the browser used (user-agent), the Internet address, from which the requested page has been called (referrer), et al. Planio reserves the right to use this data in an anonymized form and without any correlation to the user for statistical purposes. After logging in to the Planio website with user name and password, so-called cookies are used to identify the user during the course of his session. A cookie will be stored on the user’s computer during the visit of the Planio website and automatically deleted upon the termination of his visit. Planio users have the ability to share data and content with other users via Planio. They also have the ability to make data and content public on the general Web. All data and content which a user uploads or stores within a Planio instance will not be shared by Planio with any third party unless directed by the respective user. However, Planio can not be held responsible if a breach in confidentiality is caused by misconfiguration from the customer or a user to which permissions have been granted by a customer or user. Planio collects some Personal Data from its Users. Users may be subject to different protection standards and broader standards may therefore apply to some. Users can contact the Owner, to learn more about such standards. This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser. Planio GmbH, Rudolfstraße 14, 10245 Berlin, Germany Owner contact email: support@plan.io Among the types of Personal Data that Planio collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Usage Data; email address; Cookies; first name; last name; VAT Number; company name; address; country; state; province; ZIP/Postal code; city; Universally unique identifier (UUID). Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Planio.Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Planio is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Planio to provide its services. In cases where Planio specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by Planio or by the owners of third-party services used by Planio serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy. Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Planio. The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Planio (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time. The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data. Unless specified otherwise in this document, Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for and may be retained for longer due to applicable legal obligation or based on the Users’ consent. The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Registration and authentication, Displaying content from external platforms, Analytics, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Managing contacts and sending messages, Contacting the User, Interaction with support and feedback platforms and Interaction with external social networks and platforms. For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”. Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed on Planio. Personal Data processed: Cookies; Usage Data. Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Planio, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users' IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US. By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes Planio to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header. Personal Data processed: address; city; company name; country; email address; first name; last name; province; state; VAT Number; ZIP/Postal code. By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning Planio. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to Planio or after making a purchase. Personal Data processed: email address. This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of Planio and interact with them. This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. Gravatar is an image visualization service provided by Automattic Inc. that allows Planio to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Please note that if Gravatar images are used for comment forms, the commenter's email address or parts of it may be sent to Gravatar - even if the commenter has not signed up for that service. Personal Data processed: email address; Usage Data. YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google Ireland Limited that allows Planio to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. This widget is set up in a way that ensures that YouTube won't store information and cookies about Users on Planio unless they play the video. Personal Data processed: Tracker; Universally unique identifier (UUID); Usage Data. This type of service allows interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of Planio. The interaction and information obtained through Planio are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network. This type of service might still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. It is recommended to log out from the respective services in order to make sure that the processed data on Planio isn’t being connected back to the User’s profile. The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter, Inc. Personal Data processed: Tracker; Usage Data. This type of service allows Users to interact with third-party support and feedback platforms directly from the pages of Planio. If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Planio uses Userlike, a live chat software provided by Userlike UG based in Cologne, Germany. Userlike uses "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and that allow for personal conversation in the form of a real-time chat with you. The following data is collected, processed and stored: contents of the chat, date and time of the chat, browser type / version, operating system used, URL of the previously visited website, and the amount of data sent. The data collected are not used to personally identify the visitor to this website and are not combined with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym. The data is also stored by Userlike UG. Further information on the handling of personal data by Userlike UG can be found in their privacy policy at https://www.userlike.com/en/privacy_policy. Userlike is only embedded on the Planio website and in the free Planio trial accounts. After the test phase has expired, UserLike is no longer embedded. This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User. These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message. Campaign Monitor is an email address management and message sending service provided by Campaign Monitor Pty Ltd. By registering or authenticating, Users allow Planio to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, Planio will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes. Linkedin Oauth is a registration and authentication service provided by Linkedin Corporation and is connected to the Linkedin social network. Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. and is connected to the Google network. GitHub OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by GitHub Inc. and is connected to the GitHub network. Users may also opt-out of certain advertising features through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or ads settings in general. Remarketing with Google Analytics is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that connects the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the Google Ads advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie. In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section of the Cookie Policy. The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Planio or the related Services.The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities. In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Planio may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request. For operation and maintenance purposes, Planio and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with Planio (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose. More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document. The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within Planio and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required. Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. Information collected automatically through Planio (or third-party services employed in Planio), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Planio, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment. The individual using Planio who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject. The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy. The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Planio. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Planio. The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed. The service provided by Planio as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application. Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser. Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device. This privacy policy relates solely to Planio, if not stated otherwise within this document. Latest update: February 10, 2022 Working With Planio See How Our Customers Use Planio Our recommendation For project managers.For teams.For start-ups. Our promise No installation.No set-up costs.No long-term commitments. Your protection Highly secure firewalls.SSL encryption.Daily backups. Our recommendation For project managers.For teams.For start-ups. For project managers.For teams.For start-ups. Our promise No installation.No set-up costs.No long-term commitments. No installation.No set-up costs.No long-term commitments. Your protection Highly secure firewalls.SSL encryption.Daily backups. Highly secure firewalls.SSL encryption.Daily backups.  Give us a call! We’d love to tell you more. +1 (212) 498-9577 or +49 (30) 577 00 00-0 from Europe Keep in touch by and Made in Berlin, Germany Planio is made with ♥ in Berlin, Germany's startup capital. ©2009–2023 Planio GmbH |