⚖️ Legal Privacy Policy On this page This Privacy Policy explains how Raindrop.io collects, uses, processes, discloses, and safeguards information we obtain from and about our customers, visitors to our Sites, and business prospects and partners (collectively, "You”), including information we collect when you visit our websites, use our mobile applications or other services offered by Raindrop.io, or purchase our products and services (collectively, our "Services”). It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your information, and how you can contact us if you have any questions or concerns. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. We obtain Personal Information relating to you, our business partner, from various sources described below. Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with Personal Information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Information when requested, you may not be able to benefit from our Services if that information is necessary to provide you with the service or if we are legally required to collect it. We collect your information, including your sign-in credentials, name and email address (if provided), when you register to use our Services, request that we contact you or provide additional information to you, or attend an event. If you contact us directly, such as to request information or access to the Services, or for Customer Support, we may receive additional information about you, such as your contact information and the contents of your communication. We may receive information when you complete a form on our Sites. We receive information about your device, including IP address, web browser type, operating system version, mobile device model, device manufacturer and model, language codes. A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer or mobile device. When you use our Services, we and our third party service providers may collect information from you through cookies. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. If you disable cookies on your browser, some parts of the Services may not work fully. It's opt-in feature (disabled by default): We can mark currently opened browser tab as saved in your Raindrop.io account, in this case blue start icon will appear on browser action button. We use URL of currently open browser tab to determine this information. We do not send this data to our server, nor other third parties. Raindrop.io will use information, including Personal Information, for the following purposes: We use your information to provide our Services. We will use your information to understand and analyze how you use our Services. Raindrop.io will use your information to communicate with you, including to respond to your inquiries and to send emails to an email address you provide to us for customer-service or technical-support purposes. If you are located in the European Economic Area, we only process your Personal Information based on a valid legal ground, including when: You have consented to the use of your Personal Information, for example, to receive marketing communications. You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your Personal Information, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal; We need your Personal Information to provide you with the Services, including for account registration, or to respond to your inquiries; We have a legal obligation to use your Personal Information; and We or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information. In particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Information to conduct business analytics, and otherwise improve the safety, security, and performance of our Services. We may disclose information about you: (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation, or legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect against or respond to physical, financial or other harm, injury, or loss to property; or (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity. If you are using the Services from regions with laws governing data collection and use, then please note that we may transfer your Personal information to multiple countries throughout the world, including the United States. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. By providing your Personal Information to the Service, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy. If you are located in the EEA or Switzerland, we comply with applicable data protection law when transferring your Personal Information outside of this area. In particular, we may transfer your Personal Information to countries for which adequacy decisions have been issued, use contractual protections for the transfer of Personal Information to our U.S. headquarters or third parties, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, or rely on third parties’ certification to the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks, where applicable. You may contact us as specified below to obtain a copy of the safeguards we use to transfer Personal Information outside of the EEA. We take measures to delete your Personal Information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period or to, or such information is necessary to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. Raindrop.io employs a variety of security technologies and procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized disclosure of, access to and use of Information that Raindrop.io collects or receives. However, Raindrop.io cannot guarantee the security of your Information. Some web browsers incorporate a "Do Not Track” feature. Because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to Do Not Track signals, our website does not currently respond to such signals. If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, you may have the right to exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your Personal Information to another company. In addition, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place. We will post any adjustments to this Privacy Policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we materially change the ways in which we use or share Personal Information previously collected from you through our Service, we will notify you through our Service, by email, or other communication.