Our Privacy Policy is below. You have to accept it to use our software, but we know it can be hard to follow. To helpyou understand what you are agreeing to, each section starts with a short “non-legal” summary. The summaries arenot technically part of the Policy.LAST UPDATED: December 5, 20231. INTRODUCTIONSummary:This Policy describes how we obtain and use personal data (which can be used to identify a specific individual) andanonymous data (which can’t) about our users. Certain parts of the Policy apply only to specific users, like peoplewho use Dashlane on an employer provided plan). We may change this Policy at any time by posting the revisedPolicy here. We will also notify current users of major changes through email or in-app messaging. While we needcertain personal data to provide the Services, we try to collect only what we need. We will remove personal dataabout children who are not authorized users (e.g., part of a Family Plan) when requested. Because of our zero-knowledge architecture, we do not and cannot know what information you store on the Services.a. General. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how Dashlane, Inc. and its affiliates (“Dashlane” or “we”)collects, uses and shares information about visitors to our website at www.dashlane.com (together with itssubdomains, such as the Dashlane blog, the “Site”) and users of our web extensions and mobile and webapplications (each an “App” and, collectively, the “Apps”). The Apps and the Site together are the “Services.”“You” or “user” refers to anyone who uses the Services or visits the Site. Capitalized words used but notdefined in this Policy have the meanings provided in our Terms of Service (the “Terms”).b. Personal and Anonymous Data. “Personal Data” means information that, either alone or when combined withother information, identifies an individual, such as name, mailing address, email address, IP address, ortelephone number. “Anonymous Data” means data that cannot be used to identify individuals. We collectand use both Personal and Anonymous Data as described below.c. Privacy Laws. An increasing number of laws like the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) and the EuropeanUnion’s General Data Protection Legislation (“GDPR”) govern how entities collect, store, and use PersonalData (collectively, “Privacy Laws”). Privacy Laws grant individuals defined rights to know how companies usetheir Personal Data, and to limit those uses. As much as possible, we design our policies to comply with themost protective Privacy Laws, and we apply these policies to all users, whether or not the laws technicallyapply to them. Section 8 of this Policy specifically addresses rights users may have over their Personal Datathat are at the heart of most Privacy Laws.d. Business Users. Certain clearly labelled sections of the Policy only apply to users who access the Services undera plan provided by their employer or similar entity (each, a “Business User”).e. Changes. We may change this Policy at any time. When we do so, we will post the updated Policy on this pageand, if the changes are material, inform users through email or in-App messaging.f. Children. The Services are not directed to children, but children can use the Services as members of a FamilyPlan. If you become aware that a child (based on the jurisdiction where the child lives, which in the UnitedStates means someone under 13) has provided Personal Data without parental consent, please contact ourhelp center amd we will promptly remove the information from our systems.g. Why Do We Need Your Personal Data? We need certain Personal Data to provide the Services. You will beasked to provide this information to download and use the Apps. This consent, which you may withdraw atany time, provides the legal basis we need to process your Personal Data. You are not required to providePersonal Data, but we may not be able to provide the Services or respond to inquiries if you don’t.h. Secured Data. This Policy primarily addresses data that Dashlane uses to process payments, troubleshootissues, administer accounts, etc. This is distinct from the information our users store on our Services (“Secured
Data”). Dashlane cannot access Secured Data; it is encrypted with keys that are unique to each user, that wedo not have, and there is no “backdoor” or equivalent mechanism that lets us access Secured Data. See ourSecurity Whitepaper for detailed information.2. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DOES (AND DOESN’T) DASHLANE COLLECT?Summary:California’s Privacy Laws require that we disclose the types of Personal Data we collect. We do not collect all of itfor every user – we don’t need Billing Data for Dashlane “Free” users, for example – and the following sectionsprovide more detail on what we collect and how we use it.California requires that we disclose whether we collect Personal Data in each of the categories below. This is ageneral overview of the types of Personal Data we collect; we do not collect all data for every user. See the followingsections of the Policy for details about how we obtain and use this information.• Identifiers include name, email address, and mailing address, as well as government-issued identifiers likea driver’s license or social security number. We need an email address from every user to create anAccount. Except in very rare circumstances (when we need to verify your identity in connection withaccount restoration) we never ask for government IDs or similar information from users.• Customer records overlap with Identifiers (name, address, IDs) but also include things like payment,medical, and insurance information. Obviously, we process credit card, Paypal, or bank accountinformation as directed for paid accounts (but we do not keep it following processing). Internally, weassign each user auniquue ID that is used only within Dashlane systems.• Characteristics of protected classifications such as race, ancestry, sexual orientation, marital status, etc.We do not collect this information.• Commercial information such as records of personal property, products or services purchased, orpurchasing or consuming histories. We collect information about payment history (where applicable) andwhat Dashlane plan is associated with a user or account.• Biometric information. We do not collect this information. If you use biometrics to login onto the Service,this information is only used on the device.• Internet or other electronic network activity information such as browsing history, search history, orinformation regarding a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. We collectinformation about which pages on our Site a visitor interacts with, as well as what of our advertisements(if any) they saw prior to visiting our Site. We collect IP addresses as noted below. We do not collectbrowser information from Apps. While the Apps themselves recognize sites and can correlateinformation in your Secured Data to the sites and applications you visit, this occurs locally, and none ofthis information is reported to, or stored on, our servers.• Geolocation data. For B2C users, we collect the originating IP and the most recent 45 days of IP activity.We retain up to one year of IP activity for B2B users.• Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. We record sales, support, and userresearch calls, which may be audio only or audio and video, with affirmative consent. We may retain thisinformation for up to 2 years.• Professional or employment-related information. We collect this information for administrators of B2Baccounts and prospective B2B customers.• Education information not considered publicly available. We do not collect this information.• Inferences that can create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences,characteristics, psychological trends, preferences, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence,abilities, or aptitudes. We do not collect this information.• Sensitive personal information. This includes many items covered in the above categories, such asfinancial or medical account information, government ID information, racial and other “protected”
demographic information, and biometric information. Except for payment information as noted above,we do not collect this information.3. HOW DOES DASHLANE OBTAIN DATA?Summary:We get data from you (e.g., when you create an Account or pay for a Subscription), from others (e.g., when you areinvited to use Dashlane by your employer), automatically from the Apps or through cookies (e.g., the region you areaccessing the Apps from), and from third parties (such as tools that analyze performance of the Services). PersonalData we collect includes your email and (for Subscriptions) billing information, although complete paymentinformation is only stored by our payment processors. We use technology, including cookies, to collect usage data.Additional information is available in our Cookie Policy.We collect information in the following ways:a. Information You Provide.• Registration Data. You must create an Account to use an App, and to do so you must provide a valid emailaddress that will be used as your login to the Services (unless you are a Business User logging in via singlesign on “SSO”). You may also provide a phone number (to set up two-factor authentication) and / or anadditional email (for example, if you lose access to the email used to login to your Account). The onlyPersonal Data required to open a Dashlane Free account is your email. For paid Accounts, users mustprovide billing data as specified below. For Dashlane Business or Dashlane Teams Accounts “B2B Accounts,”registration data includes the business name, mailing address (if paying by invoice), and administratorcontact information. It is critical to keep registration data current. We must be able to verify the Accountowner to respond to user support requests. If you lose access to the contact email or phone numberassociated with your Account (if applicable), you may be locked out of your Account, and we may be unableto help you. We store registration data for up to 30 days after Account deletion.• Billing Data. We use third-parties to process payments made through the Site. We may store partialpayment information (such as the expiration date and last four digits of a credit card) for tax complianceand user support purposes. We may be able to access the name, address, and phone number associatedwith a payment method on a payment processor’s service, but this information is only stored by theprocessor. We never have complete payment information for Accounts, nor do we receive or store billingdata if you pay for a Subscription through the Google Play or Apple App Stores (“App Stores”). Billing datais retained for up to 30 days after Account deletion.• Master Password. Except for Dashlane Business users using SSO, each user must create a “MasterPassword,” which is used to access their Account and generate the encryption keys that protect theirSecured Data. The more secure a Master Password is, the safer Secured Data will be. Apps do not storeMaster Passwords locally unless directed to by the user. If you do so and your device is stolen orcompromised, your Secured Data may be exposed. Dashlane never has access to Master Passwords.• Secured Data. Our Apps let you manage digital identity data, including sensitive information such as creditcard numbers and site or application credentials. This, and everything else you store on the Apps, is SecuredData. Secured Data is always encrypted when transmitted and stored and may only be decrypted locally onan authorized device. Dashlane cannot access Secured Data on our servers because we do not have theencryption keys as noted above. See our Security Whitepaper for details.• Support and Correspondence. You may provide Personal Data in connection with customer supportrequests and inquiries from our Site. Customer support histories are maintained for up to 30 days afterAccount deletion.• Feedback. If you provide Feedback, including reviews posted on social channels, App Stores or sites likeTrustpilot, or suggestions made in connection with market research, we may use Personal Data providedwith the Feedback to respond to you. We may use Feedback without limitation as described in the Terms.
• Requests for Product Information. Certain information intended to inform potential customers ofDashlane’s commercial offerings (“Business Prospects”) is available from our Site only after providing averified email.• Other Data. We may also collect other types of information in the manner disclosed by us when theinformation is collected.b. Data You Provide About Others. The Services let you invite others to try the Apps or join your Account. If youdo this (or are invited this way), Dashlane will store the invitee’s email address and the message sent to themto follow up (and, if applicable, credit the referrer with a referral bonus). We will let the invitee know whoreferred them, and let them request that their information be deleted from our systems. The referrer orinvitee may contact the Support Center to request removal of this information.c. Data Collected by Technology.• IP Address. We collect the IP address used to create a new Account, and the IP addresses from which usersaccess the Services. This data is used to deliver and improve the services and for compliance purposes (e.g.,using the region associated with an IP address to display local regulatory notices). The creation IP is keptfor up to 30 days after Account deletion. Access IPs are kept for 45 days for B2C accounts, and for up to oneyear for B2B accounts.• Device and Browser Data. We automatically log the following information (as applicable) when you accessthe Services or visit the Site: operating system name and version, device identifier, browser type, andbrowser or device language. Some of this data is collected using cookies, as explained in the Cookie Policy.This data is used to secure your Account, ensure the Site and Services are presented in the correct languageand optimized for your device, and facilitate customer support. This data is not deleted, but is anonymizedwithin 30 days of Account deletion.• Usage Data. We use logs to collect data about the use of the Services (“Usage Data”). We maintain twotypes of Usage Data:o “Event Data” records the Apps’ internal functions (e.g., what features are enabled, how manycredentials are stored in Secured Data), and is used to provide relevant information and supportto the user and to deliver, analyze, and improve the Services. Event Data does not includeinformation about how the Services interact with third parties (e.g., while we know how manypasswords a user has, we do not know which sites or services those passwords are for). After anAccount is deleted, Event Data is retained, but is fully anonymized (even if the same user createda new Account, Event Data from the old Account could not be associated with the new one).Retention of anonymized Event Data is necessary to maintain accurate historical records of the useof the Services.o “Behavioral Data” is information about what users do outside of the Services (e.g., sites whereautofill is used to sign in; what sites or apps a user has credentials for in their Secured Data).Behavioral Data is critical to the Services’ proper operation – Apps must recognize the site a useris logging into to populate the credentials, for example. Certain Behavioral Data is available toauthorized administrators of B2B Accounts (each, a “Client Admin”) on an individual basis toenable Client Admins to improve Client security (e.g., Client Admins can see whether an individualuser has compromised credentials), but is only available to Dashlane on a fully anonymized basis(e.g. Dashlane can see what percentage o f all users have credentials for a specific site, but notwhether any individual user has credentials for that site). Dashlane cannot associate BehavioralData with any individual User.Certain Dashlane personnel can access Event Data to analyze the use of the Services and provide user andtechnical support. Both Event Data and Behavioral Data are used by the Services to automatically generatecontext-appropriate alerts (e.g., account set-up notices), and to generate aggregated data.• Aggregated Data. We derive additional information about the use of the Services by aggregating Usage Data(e.g., number of users within a particular jurisdiction, most popular features). Aggregated data isAnonymous Data, is owned by Dashlane, and is primarily used to help analyze and improve the Services.
• Cookies. As described in our Cookie Policy, we use cookies and similar technologies to recognize you and/oryour device(s) and provide a more personal and seamless experience when interacting with the Site andServices. Cookies that are not essential to the operation of the Services can be disabled at any time here.d. Data obtained from Third Parties.• Business Users. If you are a Business User, your Client Admin may provide your email or SSO informationas part of Account creation.• Service Providers. We receive information about users from our service providers (such as when validatingan Account with a payment processor or when monitoring App performance with analytics services). Wemay also obtain user information from publicly available sources like social media accounts, review sites,and forums. We obtain information about Business Prospects from data enrichment services. We carefullyreview the legal terms and business and security practices of all service providers from which we receivethis information to ensure that they comply with applicable laws and this Policy.4. HOW DOES DASHLANE USE PERSONAL DATA?Summary:We use Personal Data to validate your Account, provide the Services and support, communicate with you, andcoordinate marketing efforts. We do not perform any automated decision making or profiling using Personal Data.a. General. Dashlane uses Personal Data to provide and promote the Services and respond to your requests,including to:• Establish, maintain, and secure your Account.• Identify you as a user and provide the Services you request.• Perform fraud detection and authentication.• Measure Usage Data to improve the Services and your interactions with them.• Send you administrative notifications, such as payment reminders or support and maintenanceadvisories. You will receive these notices even if you opt out of marketing communications.• Provide you with interfaces and options you request or as required by the jurisdiction from which youaccess the Services.• Provide personalized information by identifying whether you have used specific features within theServices, visited pages on our Site, or seen one of our advertisements.• Respond to support inquiries and other requests.• Promote the Services or send you other Dashlane marketing information, including announcementsabout offerings from selected Dashlane partners. Where required by local laws, users must opt-in toreceive marketing communications. Otherwise, marketing communications are activated by default,but users may always opt out of them at any time.• Manage advertising efforts on third-party sites and platforms as described below.b. Automated Decision Making and Profiling. We do not use Personal Data for automated decision-making.5. HOW DOES DASHLANE SHARE PERSONAL DATA?Summary:We never sell our users’ Personal Data. We share Personal Data with service providers who are contractually obligedto comply with Privacy Laws and who only have access to the data they need to provide the relevant services. TheServices allow you to share Secured Data (which may include Personal Data) with others as you direct. We sharehashed user emails and device ids with advertisers to refine advertising efforts (e.g., so active users are not shownDashlane ads). We may share Personal Data with our affiliates, all of whom are bound by this Policy, or with anacquirer if Dashlane is sold or merged. Dashlane Client Admins have access to relevant Usage Data (e.g., about the
“business” spaces of users of that Account). Finally, we may disclose Personal Data where required by law or wherewe believe it is necessary to protect our rights or the Services.Dashlane will never sell your Personal Data (as “sell” is normally defined – see Section 8 for information about “sales”as defined in California) or use it except as stated in this Policy. We share your Personal Data in the followingcircumstances:• Third Parties You Designate. You may use the Services’ “sharing” feature to make certain Secured Dataavailable to others. While this data is transferred through our servers, we do not have access to it, asnoted elsewhere in this Policy.• Service Providers. We share Personal Data with service providers solely as required to provide theServices, including to create Accounts, provide support, process payments, or enable communicationbetween you and Dashlane (for example, Personal Data related to customer support requests isavailable to our support agents on Zendesk). We review the security and data privacy practices of allservice providers to ensure that they comply with applicable laws and this Policy. Secured Data storedby our data hosting provider (AWS) is always encrypted as described above. The Subprocessors Listdiscloses what service providers have access to Personal Data in connection with our delivery of theServices.• Marketing. We provide hashed emails and/or device IDs to service providers to optimize our advertisingefforts (e.g., ensuring that current users are not shown Dashlane ads on other sites). These providersare prohibited from using this information for any other purpose, including augmenting profiles theymaintain. We provide hashed emails of Business Prospects to data enrichment providers to improvemarketing efforts.• Affiliates. This Policy applies to all entities that are owned by, or under common control with, Dashlane,Inc. (“Affiliates”). We share Personal Data among Affiliates as required to provide the Services andrespond to requests. Certain Affiliates are in the United States, where privacy and related laws are notdeemed adequate by European regulators to hold and protect Personal Data. To offer the levels ofprotection required, we have GDPR-compliant Data Processing Addenda or equivalent documents inplace among our EU and US Affiliates, in addition to the other measures indicated below.• Dashlane Client Admins. Business Users have access to two “spaces” in their Apps: a “business space”to store Secured Data related to their work, and a “personal space” for anything else they want to storeon the Services. The Services allow Client Admins to view information about the use of Services by theBusiness Users associated with their Account, including detailed information about the use of thebusiness space. This information includes Event Data, as well as certain Behavioral Data on an individualbasis. For example, a Client Admin can see the Password Health scores of Business Users associatedwith their Account, which sites or services an individual Business User has stored credentials for in theirbusiness space, and whether those credentials have been compromised.• Corporate Restructuring. If Dashlane or its business or assets are acquired by, or merged into, anothercompany, that company will then possess the Personal Data we hold, and will assume our rights andobligations under this Policy. Accordingly, we may share Personal Data in connection with any suchtransaction. Personal Data and other information may also be transferred as a business asset in theevent of Dashlane’s insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership.• Other Disclosures. We will inform you of any other disclosures of your Personal Data and obtain yourconsent prior to such disclosure. However, regardless of your choices regarding Personal Data,Dashlane may disclose your Personal Data (a) where required to comply with law enforcementdirectives, applicable laws or governmental orders; or (b) if we believe in good faith that doing so isnecessary to protect our rights, those of other users, or the Services. However, because of our zero-knowledge architecture, we are unable to provide Secured Data, even if we are subject to a valid order.To the extent permitted by law, we will inform affected users of legally-mandated disclosures ofPersonal Data.
6. DATA SECURITY AND INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERSummary:We strive to protect all data in our possession, including Personal Data, through a variety of means, and wecontinually work to improve and update these practices. However, we cannot and do not guarantee the security ofPersonal Data we process. Personal Data may be transferred to jurisdictions with less strict privacy laws than thosein your home country, including the U.S., but we use technical and other measures that comply with applicable PrivacyLaws to protect Personal Data when processed in the U.S.a. We use robust physical, organizational, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard all data we holdor process, and we regularly reassess and revise our policies and practices to improve security. While we goto great lengths to protect your data, no method of data transmission or storage is totally secure; therefore,we cannot guarantee the security of data in our control. If you believe your data may have been compromisedby us or the use of the Services, please contact our help center immediately.b. Your information, including Personal Data that we collect from you, may be transferred to, stored by, andprocessed by us, our Affiliates, and service providers outside your home country, including in the UnitedStates, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same protections as in other parts ofthe world. When we do so, we take all legally mandated steps designed to ensure that all Personal Data weor our service providers process (regardless of where it originates) is properly protected. By using the Services,you agree to the transfer, storing, or processing of your data in accordance with this Policy.7. HOW CAN YOU CONTROL YOUR DATA?Summary:You can edit your Personal Data and adjust your privacy and data preferences via the “Account” or “Settings” sectionsof the Apps. If you currently receive marketing emails but no longer want to, you may unsubscribe in any such email.Even if you do so, we will still send you operational and transactional emails (e.g., renewal notices). Uninstalling Appsfrom your devices will remove all data associated with the Apps from that device. Removing your Apps does notdelete your Account. To do that, see the instructions here. Even if you are not subject to any Privacy Laws, you mayalso use the processes described in Section 8 to control your Personal Data.a. Changing Your Information and Privacy Settings. You can access and modify Personal Data associated withyour Account, and modify your privacy and data preferences, through the “My Account” or “Settings” sectionsof the Apps. Contact our help center if you need assistance.b. Email Communications. With your consent, we will periodically send you emails promoting the use of theServices, including tips on using the Apps, or highlighting offerings from select Dashlane partners. You can optout of these emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in each email, or by changing yourprivacy and data settings in the Services. You may also request removal through our help center.Unsubscribing from marketing communications will not affect operational and transactional communications,including breach notices and other alerts in the Apps, renewal emails, etc.c. Applications. You can stop all collection of information by an App by uninstalling that App. You may use thestandard uninstall process for the relevant device or platform. Uninstalling an App does not delete yourAccount. To do that, see the instructions here.8. PRIVACY LAW RIGHTSSummary:Users subject to Privacy Laws have certain rights regarding their Personal Data, including the right to access andmodify Personal Data held by providers (like us), and to have providers “forget” Personal Data that is no longerrelevant. Most of these rights must be accessed from the privacy and data preferences in the Services, but you mayalways contact us for assistance. We will never provide worse services to, or in any way punish anyone who choosesto exercise these rights. We strongly support the intent behind these laws and will do our best to honor requests toexercise these rights even if they do not technically apply to you.
a. Data Controller. For the purposes of the GDPR, where we are acting as a controller, the controller is DashlaneSAS of 21 Rue Pierre Picard, 75018 Paris, France. Inquiries regarding the processing of data subject to theGDPR may be sent to our data protection officer at dpo@dashlane.com.b. Sale and Sharing of Personal Data. We never exchange Personal Data for money or any other consideration(e.g., trade it for free services). However, when you click on an ad that sends you to Dashlane, we send aunique identifier to the referring site so they can receive credit for the referral. If this is not a “sale” as definedunder California’s Privacy Laws, it is definitely included in “sharing.” While the information we send does notinclude any Personal Data, the fact that you clicked on a link and visited Dashlane may be added to your profileby the ad publisher. This is all done on the Site with “Publisher Cookies” (as defined in our Cookie Policy) andopting out of the sale and sharing of your Personal Data will turn these cookies off.c. Individuals subject to Privacy Laws have some or all of the following rights with respect to their Personal Datathat we process. As noted elsewhere, we will honor these requests when made my any user, subject to therequirements of the relevant Privacy Laws (if applicable). For example, a Business User who is subject to theGDPR may request that we delete their information, but in that situation the company whose Account theuser is associated with is the “Controller” of that Personal Data, and we are obligated to inform the relevantClient Admin and follow their instructions.• Withdraw Consent: You may withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Data, in wholeor in part (i.e., for marketing purposes). Certain Services may be ineffective upon opt out.• Access / Request Information: You may access the Personal Data we hold about you at any time viayour Account or by contacting us directly.• Modification: You may modify incorrect or outdated Personal Data we hold about you at any time viayour Account or by contacting us directly.• Erase and Forget. In certain situations, for example when Registration Data we hold about you is nolonger relevant or accurate, you can request that we erase it. If you delete your account, all PersonalData will automatically be erased within a week of the date of deletion. Because of the sensitive natureof Secured Data, we will never delete a user’s account ourselves: accounts MUST be deleted by theuser or the “controller” or equivalent entity.• Portability: You may request a copy of your Personal Data and may always move it to other entities asyou choose. The Services allow you to export Secured Data at any time.d. If you want to exercise any of these rights, please submit the request via the “Privacy and Data Settings” pageaccessible from the “Account” or “Settings” sections of the Apps (if you cannot do so directly from withinthese sections). If you need assistance, please visit our Support Center or write us at the address below. Inyour request, please make clear: (i) what Personal Data is concerned; and (ii) which rights you want toenforce. For your protection, we may only fulfill requests with respect to the Personal Data associated withthe email address you send your request from, and we may need to verify your identity before doing so. Wewill comply with your request promptly, but in any event within the legally mandated timeframes (e.g., thirty(30) days for the GDPR and forty-five (45) days for the CPRA). If you are not subject to Privacy Laws, wenonetheless try to fulfil all requests within 45 days. We will retain limited Personal Data for recordkeepingpurposes or to complete transactions that you began prior to requesting certain requests.e. We do not and will not discriminate against any user (such as by providing worse service or charging morefor them) who exercises any of the above rights.9. CONTACT INFORMATION; COMPLAINTSIf you have questions, concerns, or complaints about this Policy or our data collection or processgin practices, or ifyou want to report any security violations, please contact our https://support.dashlane.com/hc/en-us/articles/4516905332370, email legal@dashlane.com, or write the address below:Dashlane, Inc.Attn: Legal
44 West 18th Street., 4th Fl.New York, NY 10011You may also email either dpo@dashlane.com or legal@dashlane.com.Swiss, EU and UK Users Only. We hope to promptly resolve any complaint brought to our attention, however if youfeel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved, you may always contact your local data protectionsupervisory authority, a list of which is available here.
