Features All features Advanced security and privacy Why Proton VPN Open source, independently-audited and transparent VPN servers Truly global connectivity Download Desktop VPN for Windows VPN for macOS VPN for Linux Mobile VPN for iPhone / iPad VPN for Android Extension Chrome Firefox Android TV Chromebook Resources Help & support Guides and customer support for Proton VPN Blog Latest news on privacy and the internet EN (new window) Open menu Proton VPN - Privacy policy Last modified: August 22nd, 2023 This sub-policy is an integral part of the . It details the data processing activities specifically related to the creation and activity of your Proton Account when you use . Proton VPN is a no-logs VPN service. When you use the Service, we do NOT do any of the following: Account activity: Log users' traffic or the content of any communications Discriminate against devices, protocols, or applications Throttle your Internet connection Our free VPN service is also covered by our no-logs policy, and has in general no speed restrictions. We do reserve the right to impose speed restrictions in cases of excessive consumption in order to ensure service quality for all users on free servers. You can find details about our . All Proton VPN servers are encrypted and we do not log VPN session data. Information about law enforcement data requests can be found in the . Transparency report: All information required to maintain your account are managed by servers that are wholly owned and operated by Proton or our subsidiaries. This data is always stored in encrypted format on our servers, which are exclusively located in Switzerland or Germany, under the protection of some of the world's strongest privacy laws. Furthermore, Proton physically owns and operates all Secure Core servers, and a majority of our VPN servers in Switzerland and Germany (Proton owned servers can be identified by IP addresses which identify Proton AG as the internet service provider). All Proton VPN servers, irrespective of location, utilize full-disk encryption, and in the highly unlikely event that the full-disk encryption is compromised, Proton VPN servers also contain no logs and no user data. Data security: