We’re sorry, some parts of the Airbnb website don’t work properly without JavaScript enabled. – home page SearchSuggestions will show after typing in the search input. Use the up and down arrows to review. Use enter to select. If the selection is a phrase, that phrase will be submitted to search. If the suggestion is a link, the browser will navigate to that page. Search Suggestions will show after typing in the search input. Use the up and down arrows to review. Use enter to select. If the selection is a phrase, that phrase will be submitted to search. If the suggestion is a link, the browser will navigate to that page. Log in or sign up Home All topics Legal Terms – help topic – help topic Terms of Service – help topic Terms of Service – help article – help article Legal terms Terms of Service Section 24 of these Terms contains an arbitration agreement and class action waiver that applies to all claims brought against Airbnb in the United States. Please read them carefully. Last Updated: 25 January 2023 Thank you for using Airbnb! If you Host, you are responsible for understanding and complying with all laws, rules, regulations and contracts with third parties that apply to your Host Services. Guest Terms Host Terms General Terms Additional Terms Specific to Business Hosts 1. Our Mission. Our mission is to create a world where you can belong anywhere. From cabins to castles to cooking classes, browse through millions of Listings to find the ones that fit the way you like to travel. Learn more about a Listing by reviewing the description and photos, the Host profile, and past Guest reviews. If you have questions, just message the Host. 2. Searching and Booking on Airbnb. 2.3 Accommodation Reservations. An Accommodation Reservation is a limited license to enter, occupy and use the Accommodation. The Host retains the right to re-enter the Accommodation during your stay, to the extent: (i) it is reasonably necessary, (ii) permitted by your contract with the Host, and (iii) consistent with applicable law. If you stay past checkout, the Host has the right to make you leave in a manner consistent with applicable law, including by imposing reasonable overstay penalties. You may not exceed the maximum number of allowed Guests. 2.4 Reservations for Experiences and Other Host Services. An Experience or other Host Service Reservation entitles you to participate in, attend, or use that Host Service. You are responsible for confirming that you, and anyone you invite, meet minimum age, proficiency, fitness or other requirements. You are responsible for informing the Host of any medical or physical conditions, or other circumstances that may impact your ability to participate, attend or use the Host Service. Except where expressly authorized, you may not allow any person to join a Host Service unless they are included as an additional guest during the booking process. 3. Cancellations, Travel Issues, Refunds and Booking Modifications. 3.2 Booking Modifications. Hosts and Guests are responsible for any booking modifications they agree to make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make on their behalf ("Booking Modifications"), and agree to pay any additional amounts, fees or taxes associated with any Booking Modification. 4. Your Responsibilities. You are responsible for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of anyone you invite to join or provide access to any Accommodation or Experience. For example, this means: (i) you are responsible for leaving an Accommodation (and related personal property) in the condition it was in when you arrived, (ii) you are responsible for paying all Damage Claim amounts necessary to cover damage that you, your guest(s), or your pet(s) cause to an Accommodation, and (iii) you must act with integrity, treat others with respect and comply with applicable laws at all times. If you are booking for an additional guest who is a minor or if you bring a minor to a Host Service, you must be legally authorized to act on behalf of the minor and you are solely responsible for the supervision of that minor. 5. Hosting on Airbnb. 5.1 Host. As a Host, Airbnb offers you the right to use the Airbnb Platform to share your Accommodation, Experience, or other Host Service with our vibrant community of Guests - and earn money doing it. It’s easy to create a Listing and you are in control of how you host - set your price, availability, and rules for each Listing. 5.3 Independence of Hosts. Your relationship with Airbnb is that of an independent individual or entity and not an employee, agent, joint venturer or partner of Airbnb, except that Airbnb Payments acts as a payment collection agent as described in the Payments Terms. Airbnb does not direct or control your Host Service and you understand that you have complete discretion whether and when to provide Host Services and at what price and on what terms to offer them. 6. Managing Your Listing. 6.3 Search Ranking. The ranking of Listings in search results on the Airbnb Platform depends on a variety of factors, including these main parameters: 6.5 Hosting as a Team or Organization. If you work with a co-host or host as part of a team, business or other organization, the entity and each individual who participates in providing Host Services, is responsible and liable as a Host under these Terms. If you accept terms or enter into contracts, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to enter into contracts for and bind your team, business or other organization, and that each entity you use is in good standing under the laws of the place where it is established. If you perform other functions, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to perform those functions. If you instruct Airbnb to transfer a portion of your payout to a co-host or other Hosts, or send payments to someone else, you must be authorized to do so, and are responsible and liable for the payment amounts and accuracy of any payout information you provide. 7. Cancellations, Travel Issues, and Booking Modifications. 7.2 Booking Modifications. Hosts and Guests are responsible for any Booking Modifications they agree to make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make on their behalf, and agree to pay any additional amounts, fees or taxes associated with a Booking Modification. 8. Taxes. 8.1 Host Taxes. As a Host, you are responsible for determining and fulfilling your obligations under applicable laws to report, collect, remit or include in your price any applicable VAT or other indirect taxes, occupancy taxes, tourist, income or other taxes ("Taxes"). 8.2 Collection and Remittance by Airbnb. In jurisdictions where Airbnb facilitates the collection and/or remittance of Taxes on behalf of Hosts, you instruct and authorize Airbnb to collect Taxes on your behalf, and/or to remit such Taxes to the relevant Tax authority. Any Taxes that are collected and/or remitted by Airbnb are identified to Members on their transaction records, as applicable. Airbnb may seek additional amounts from Members (including by deducting such amounts from future payouts) in the event that the Taxes collected and/or remitted are insufficient to fully discharge that Members’ tax obligations, and you agree that your sole remedy for Taxes collected by Airbnb is a refund from the applicable Tax authority. You acknowledge and agree that we retain the right, with prior notice to affected Members, to cease the collection and remittance of Taxes in any jurisdiction for any reason. 8.3 Tax Information. In certain jurisdictions, Tax regulations may require that we collect and/or report Tax information about you, or withhold Taxes from payouts to you, or both. If you fail to provide us with documentation that we determine to be sufficient to support any such obligation to withhold Taxes from payouts to you, we may withhold payouts up to the amount as required by law, until sufficient documentation is provided. You agree that Airbnb may issue on your behalf invoices or similar documentation for VAT, GST, consumption or other Taxes for your Host Services to facilitate accurate tax reporting by our Guests and their organizations. 9. Reviews. 10. Content. 11. Fees. 12. Airbnb Platform Rules. 12.1 Rules. You must follow these rules and must not help or induce others to break or circumvent these rules. 13. Termination, Suspension and other Measures. 13.1 Term. The agreement between you and Airbnb reflected by these Terms remains in effect until either you or we terminate the agreement in accordance with these Terms. In case of non-material violations or where otherwise appropriate, you will be given notice of any intended measure by Airbnb and an opportunity to resolve the issue, unless such notification would (i) prevent or impede the detection or prevention of fraud or other illegal activities, (ii) harm the legitimate interests of other Members or third parties, or (iii) contravene applicable laws. 13.4 Legal Mandates. Airbnb may take any action it determines is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, or the order or request of a court, law enforcement or other administrative agency or governmental body, including the measures described above in Section 13.3. 13.5 Effect of Termination. If you are a Host and terminate your Airbnb account, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and your Guests will receive a full refund. If you terminate your account as a Guest, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and any refund will depend upon the terms of the Listing’s cancellation policy. When this agreement has been terminated, you are not entitled to a restoration of your account or any of your Content. If your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform has been limited, or your Airbnb account has been suspended, or this agreement has been terminated by us, you may not register a new account or access or use the Airbnb Platform through an account of another Member. 14. Modification of these Terms. When we propose changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms. We will provide you with notice of the proposed changes by email at least thirty (30) days before the date they become effective. If the proposed changes to these Terms are material, you will be asked to explicitly accept the revised Terms. Such notice will also inform you about your right to reject the proposed changes, the timeframe to do so, and your right to terminate the Agreement at any time before the effective date of the proposed changes as provided in these Terms. In case of (i) non-material changes to these Terms which do not affect its essential provisions, in particular, provisions defining the nature and scope of the services provided by Airbnb, or (ii) changes that are required by law, a legally binding court decision, or binding order of a competent authority, your continued use of the Airbnb Platform after the effective date of the proposed changes will constitute acceptance of the revised Terms. 15. Resolving Complaints and Damage Claims. 15.3 You agree to cooperate in good faith, provide any information Airbnb requests, execute documents, and take further reasonable action, in connection with Damage Claims, Member complaints, claims under insurance policies, or other claims related to your provision or use of Host Services. 15.4 Any decisions made by Airbnb in relation to a Damage Claim do not affect your contractual and statutory rights. Your right to take legal action before a court of law remains unaffected. 16. Airbnb’s Role. 17. Member Accounts. You must register an account to access and use many features of the Airbnb Platform. Registration is only permitted for legal entities, partnerships and natural persons who are 18 years or older. You represent and warrant that you are not a person or entity barred from using the Airbnb Platform under the laws of the United States, your place of residence, or any other applicable jurisdiction. You must provide accurate, current, and complete information during registration and keep your account information up-to-date. You may not register more than one account or transfer your account to someone else. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your account credentials and may not disclose your credentials to any third party. You must immediately notify Airbnb if you suspect that your credentials have been lost, stolen, or your account is otherwise compromised. You are responsible and liable for activities conducted through your Airbnb Account, unless such activities are not authorized by you and you are not otherwise negligent (such as failing to report the unauthorized use or loss of your credentials). If and as permitted by applicable law, we may, but have no obligation to (i) ask you to provide identification or other information, (ii) undertake checks designed to help verify your identity or background, (iii) screen you against third-party databases or other sources and request reports from service providers, and (iv) obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations or their local equivalents. 18. Disclaimer. We do not endorse or warrant the existence, conduct, performance, safety, quality, legality or suitability of any Guest, Host, Host Service, Listing or third party and we do not warrant that verification, identity or background checks conducted on Members (if any) will identify past misconduct or prevent future misconduct. Any references to a Member being "verified" (or similar language) indicate only that the Member or Airbnb has completed a relevant verification or identification process and nothing else. We are not responsible for outages or disruptions of the Internet and telecommunications infrastructure which are beyond our control and can lead to interruptions in the availability of the Airbnb Platform. Airbnb may, temporarily and under consideration of the Members’ legitimate interests (e.g. by providing prior notice), restrict the availability of the Airbnb Platform or certain features thereof, if this is necessary in view of capacity limits, the security or integrity of our servers, or to carry out maintenance measures that ensure the proper or improved functioning of the Airbnb Platform. 19. Liability. Airbnb is liable under statutory provisions for intent and gross negligence by us, our legal representatives, directors, or other vicarious agents. The same applies to the assumption of guarantees or any other strict liability, or in case of a culpable injury to life, limb, or health. For any negligent breaches of essential contractual obligations by us, our legal representatives, directors, or other vicarious agents Airbnb’s liability is limited to the typically occurring foreseeable damages. Essential contractual obligations are such duties of Airbnb in whose proper fulfillment you regularly trust and must trust for the proper execution of the contract. Any additional liability of Airbnb is excluded. To the extent that Airbnb's liability is excluded or limited, this also applies with regards to the personal liability of its legal representatives, directors, employees, and other agents. 20. Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to release, defend (at Airbnb’s option), indemnify, and hold Airbnb (including Airbnb Payments, other affiliates, and their personnel) harmless from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or in any way connected with: (i) your breach of these Terms (including any supplemental or additional terms that apply to a product or feature) or our 21. Contracting Entities. Based on your country of residence or establishment and what you are doing on the Airbnb Platform, Schedule 1 below sets out the Airbnb entity with whom you are contracting. If we identify through the Airbnb Platform, an Airbnb entity other than the one set out on Schedule 1 as being responsible for a product, feature or transaction, the Airbnb entity so identified is your contracting entity with respect to that product, feature or transaction. If you change your country of residence or establishment to a country outside of the EEA, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, the Airbnb company you contract with and the applicable version of the Terms of Service will be determined by your new country of residence or establishment, from the date on which your country of residence or establishment changes. 22. Applicable law and Jurisdiction. These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with Irish law. If you are acting as a consumer and if mandatory statutory consumer protection regulations in your country of residence contain provisions that are more beneficial for you, such provisions shall apply irrespective of the choice of Irish law. As a consumer, you may bring any judicial proceedings relating to these Terms before the competent court of your place of residence or the competent court of Airbnb's place of business in Ireland. If Airbnb wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident. If you are acting as a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts. 23. Miscellaneous. 23.2 Interpreting these Terms. Except as they may be supplemented by additional terms, conditions, policies, guidelines, standards, and in-product disclosures, these Terms constitute the entire agreement between Airbnb and you pertaining to your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Airbnb and you. These Terms do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon anyone other than you and Airbnb. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, except as otherwise indicated in Section 24.11 below, such provision will be struck and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. 23.3 No Waiver. Airbnb’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise permitted under law. 23.4 Assignment. You may not assign, transfer or delegate this agreement or your rights and obligations hereunder without Airbnb's prior written consent. Airbnb may without restriction assign, transfer or delegate this agreement and any rights and obligations hereunder, at its sole discretion, with 30 days’ prior notice. Your right to terminate this agreement at any time pursuant to Section 13.2 remains unaffected. 23.5 Notice. Unless specified otherwise, any notices or other communications to Members permitted or required under this agreement, will be provided electronically and given by Airbnb via email, Airbnb Platform notification, messaging service (including SMS and WeChat), or any other contact method we enable you to provide. If a notification relates to a booking or Listing in Japan, you agree and acknowledge that such notifications via electronic means in lieu of a written statement, satisfies Airbnb’s obligations under Article 59 (1) of the Japanese Housing Accommodation Business Act. 23.6 Third-Party Services. The Airbnb Platform may contain links to third-party websites, applications, services or resources (“Third-Party Services”) that are subject to different terms and privacy practices. Airbnb is not responsible or liable for any aspect of such Third-Party Services and links to such Third-Party Services are not an endorsement. 23.9 Airbnb Platform Content. Content made available through the Airbnb Platform may be protected by copyright, trademark, and/or other laws of the United States and other countries. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights for that Content are the exclusive property of Airbnb and/or its licensors and agree that you will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices. You may not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit any Content accessed through the Airbnb Platform except to the extent you are the legal owner of that Content or as expressly permitted in these Terms. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Airbnb grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to (i) download and use the Application on your personal device(s); and (ii) access and view the Content made available on or through the Airbnb Platform and accessible to you, solely for your personal and non-commercial use. 23.10 Airbnb.org. Airbnb.org is a nonprofit corporation exempt from income taxation under U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3), operating as a public charity. Airbnb.org is not owned or controlled by Airbnb. Airbnb.org administers a number of charitable programs that benefit our Host and Guest communities and the public. 23.11 Force Majeure. Airbnb shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, epidemics or disease, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials. 24. United States Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement. 24.1 Application. This Arbitration Agreement only applies to you if your country of residence or establishment is the United States. If your country of residence or establishment is not the United States, and you nevertheless attempt to bring any legal claim against Airbnb in the United States, this Arbitration Agreement will apply for determination of the threshold issue of whether this Section 24 applies to you, and all other threshold determinations, including residency, arbitrability, venue, and applicable law. 24.2 Overview of Dispute Resolution Process. Airbnb is committed to participating in a consumer-friendly dispute resolution process. To that end, these Terms provide for a two-part process for individuals to whom this Section 24 applies: (1) an informal negotiation directly with Airbnb’s customer service team (described in paragraph 24.3, below), and if necessary (2) a binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). You and Airbnb each retain the right to seek resolution of the dispute in small claims court as an alternative to arbitration. 24.4 Agreement to Arbitrate. You and Airbnb mutually agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the applicability, breach, termination, validity, enforcement or interpretation thereof, or any use of the Airbnb Platform, Host Services, or any Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding individual arbitration (the “Arbitration Agreement”). If there is a dispute about whether this Arbitration Agreement can be enforced or applies to our Dispute, you and Airbnb agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue. 24.5 Exceptions to Arbitration Agreement. You and Airbnb each agree that the following causes of action and/or claims for relief are exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction (as defined by Section 22 of the Terms of Service for Non-European Users): (i) any claim or cause of action alleging actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights; (ii) any claim or cause of action seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack); or (iii) a request for the remedy of public injunctive relief; or (iv) any individual claim of sexual assault or sexual harassment arising from your use of the Airbnb Platform or Host Services. You and Airbnb agree that the remedy of public injunctive relief will proceed after the arbitration of all arbitrable claims, remedies, or causes of action, and will be stayed pending the outcome of the arbitration pursuant to section 3 of the Federal Arbitration Act. 24.7 Modification to AAA Rules - Arbitration Hearing/Location. In order to make the arbitration most convenient to you, Airbnb agrees that any required arbitration hearing may be conducted, at your option: (a) in the U.S. county where you reside; (b) in San Francisco County; (c) via phone or video conference. If the amount in controversy is $5,000 or less, the parties agree to proceed solely on the submission of documents to the arbitrator. 24.8 Modification of AAA Rules - Attorney’s Fees and Costs. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules. Either party may make a request that the arbitrator award attorneys’ fees and costs upon proving that the other party has asserted a claim, cross-claim or defense that is groundless in fact or law, brought in bad faith or for the purpose of harassment, or is otherwise frivolous, as allowed by applicable law and the AAA Rules. 24.9 Arbitrator’s Decision. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with proper jurisdiction. The arbitrator may award any relief allowed by law or the AAA Rules, but declaratory or injunctive relief may be awarded only on an individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim. 24.10 Jury Trial Waiver. You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable Disputes. 24.11 No Class Actions or Representative Proceedings. You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action lawsuit, class-wide arbitration, private attorney general action, or any other representative or consolidated proceeding. Unless we agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If there is a final judicial determination that applicable law precludes enforcement of the waiver contained in this paragraph as to any claim, cause of action or requested remedy, then that claim, cause of action or requested remedy, and only that claim, cause of action or requested remedy, will be severed from this agreement to arbitrate and will be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction. In the event that a claim, cause of action or requested remedy is severed pursuant to this paragraph, then you and we agree that the claims, causes of action or requested remedies that are not subject to arbitration will be stayed until all arbitrable claims, causes of action and requested remedies are resolved by the arbitrator. 24.12 Severability. Except as provided in Section 24.11, in the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision will be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement will be given full force and effect. 24.13 Changes to Agreement to Arbitrate. If Airbnb changes this Section 24 after the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject that change by sending us written notice (including by email) within 30 days of the date the change is effective. Rejecting a new change, however, does not revoke or alter your prior consent to any earlier agreements to arbitrate any Dispute between you and Airbnb (or your prior consent to any subsequent changes thereto), which will remain in effect and enforceable as to any Dispute between you and Airbnb. 24.14 Survival. Except as provided in Section 24.12, and subject to Section 13.6 of the Terms of Service for Non-European Users this Section 24 will survive any termination of these Terms and will continue to apply even if you stop using the Airbnb Platform or terminate your Airbnb Account. If you are a Business User as defined in Section 25 of these Terms, the following additional terms will apply to you: 25. Business Users. 26. Termination, Suspension and other Measures. In case we take any of the measures according to Section 13.2 and 13.3, you will be given the opportunity to clarify the facts and circumstances leading to such a measure in the framework of our internal complaint-handling process as described in Section 27. 27. Complaints Handling and Mediation. 28. Access to Data. 29. Additional Distribution Channels. Airbnb operates an affiliate program through which Listings may be featured on third party websites, such as those for online travel sites, media outlets, loyalty programs, and search aggregators. Listings may also appear in advertisements for Airbnb published on third party websites from time to time.  Schedule 1 - Contracting Entities Your place of residence or establishment:Your activity on the Airbnb Platform:Airbnb contracting Entity:Contact information:European Economic Area, Switzerland or the United KingdomBooking or offering certain hotels or traditional accommodations, where Airbnb Travel, LLC is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Travel, LLC888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesBooking or offering accommodations located in the United States for stays of 28 nights or more where Airbnb Stays, Inc. is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Stays, Inc.888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesAll other activities.Airbnb Ireland UC8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland Terms of Service for Non-European Users Section 23 of these Terms contains an arbitration agreement and class action waiver that apply to all claims brought against Airbnb in the United States. Please read them carefully. Last Updated: 25 January 2023 Section 23 of these Terms contains an arbitration agreement and class action waiver that apply to all claims brought against Airbnb in the United States. Please read them carefully. If you are a Host, you are responsible for understanding and complying with all laws, rules, regulations and contracts with third parties that apply to your Host Services. Our mission is to create a world where you can belong anywhere. From cabins to castles to cooking classes, browse through millions of Listings to find the ones that fit the way you like to travel. Learn more about a Listing by reviewing the description and photos, the Host profile, and Guest reviews. If you have questions, just message the Host. 2.3 Accommodation Reservations. An Accommodation Reservation is a limited license to enter, occupy, and use the Accommodation. The Host retains the right to re-enter the Accommodation during your stay, to the extent: (i) it is reasonably necessary, (ii) permitted by your contract with the Host, and (iii) consistent with applicable law. If you stay past checkout, the Host has the right to make you leave in a manner consistent with applicable law, including by imposing reasonable overstay penalties. You may not exceed the maximum number of allowed Guests. 2.4 Reservations for Experiences and Other Host Services. An Experience or other Host Service Reservation entitles you to participate in, attend, or use that Host Service. You are responsible for confirming that you, and anyone you invite, meet minimum age, proficiency, fitness, or other requirements. You are responsible for informing the Host of any medical or physical conditions, or other circumstances that may impact your ability to participate, attend, or use the Host Service. Except where expressly authorized, you may not allow any person to join a Host Service unless they are included as an additional guest during the booking process. 3.2 Booking Modifications. Guests and Hosts are responsible for any booking modifications they agree to make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make on their behalf ("Booking Modifications"), and agree to pay any additional amounts, fees, or taxes associated with any Booking Modification. 4. Your Responsibilities and Assumption of Risk. 4.1 Your Responsibilities. You are responsible and liable for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of anyone you invite to join or provide access to any Accommodation, Experience or other Host Service. For example, this means: (i) you are responsible for leaving an Accommodation (and related personal property) in the condition it was in when you arrived, (ii) you are responsible for paying all reasonable Damage Claim amounts necessary to cover damage that you, your guest(s), or your pet(s) cause to an Accommodation, and (iii) you must act with integrity, treat others with respect, and comply with applicable laws at all times. If you are booking for an additional guest who is a minor or if you bring a minor to a Host Service, you must be legally authorized to act on behalf of the minor and you are solely responsible for the supervision of that minor. 4.2 Your Assumption of Risk. You acknowledge that many activities carry inherent risks and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you assume the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform and any Content (as defined in Section 10), including your stay at any Accommodation, participation in any Experience, use of any other Host Service, or any other interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online. This means it is your responsibility to investigate a Host Service to determine whether it is suitable for you. For example, Host Services may carry risk of illness, bodily injury, disability, or death, and you freely and willfully assume those risks by choosing to participate in those Host Services. 5.3 Independence of Hosts. Your relationship with Airbnb is that of an independent individual or entity and not an employee, agent, joint venturer, or partner of Airbnb, except that Airbnb Payments acts as a payment collection agent as described in the Payments Terms. Airbnb does not direct or control your Host Service, and you agree that you have complete discretion whether and when to provide Host Services, and at what price and on what terms to offer them. 6.5 Hosting as a Team or Organization. If you work with a co-host or host as part of a team, business, or other organization, the entity and each individual who participates in providing Host Services is responsible and liable as a Host under these Terms. If you accept terms or enter into contracts, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to enter into contracts for and bind your team, business or other organization, and that each entity you use is in good standing under the laws of the place where it is established. If you perform other functions, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to perform those functions. If you instruct Airbnb to transfer a portion of your payout to a co-host or other Hosts, or to send payments to someone else, you must be authorized to do so, and are responsible and liable for the payment amounts and accuracy of any payout information you provide. 6.6 Your Assumption of Risk. You acknowledge that hosting carries inherent risks and agree that you assume the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, offering Host Services, or any interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online. You agree that you have had the opportunity to investigate the Airbnb Platform and any laws, rules, regulations, or obligations that may be applicable to your Listings or Host Services and that you are not relying upon any statement of law made by Airbnb. 8.1 Host Taxes. As a host, you are responsible for determining and fulfilling your obligations under applicable laws to report, collect, remit, or include in your price any applicable VAT or other indirect taxes, occupancy taxes, tourist, income, or other taxes ("Taxes"). 8.3 Tax Information. In certain jurisdictions, Tax regulations may require that we collect and/or report Tax information about you, or withhold Taxes from payouts to you, or both. If you fail to provide us with documentation that we determine to be sufficient to support any such obligation to withhold Taxes from payouts to you, we may withhold payouts up to the amount as required by law, until sufficient documentation is provided. You agree that Airbnb may issue on your behalf invoices or similar documentation for VAT, GST, consumption or other Taxes for your Host Services to facilitate accurate tax reporting by you, our Guests, and/or their organizations. 13.1 Term. The agreement between you and Airbnb reflected by these Terms is effective when you access the Airbnb Platform (for example to create an account) and remains in effect until either you or we terminate the agreement in accordance with these Terms. For minor violations or where otherwise appropriate as Airbnb determines in its sole discretion, you will be given notice of any intended measure by Airbnb and an opportunity to resolve the issue. You may appeal actions taken by us under this Section by contacting customer service. If a Reservation is cancelled under this Section, the amount paid to the Host will be reduced by the amount we refund or otherwise provide to the Guest, and by any other costs we incur as a result of the cancellation. 13.4 Legal Mandates. Airbnb may take any action it determines is reasonably necessary to comply with applicable law, or the order or request of a court, law enforcement, or other administrative agency or governmental body, including the measures described above in Section 13.3. 13.5 Effect of Termination. If you are a Host and terminate your Airbnb account, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and your Guests will receive a full refund. If you terminate your account as a Guest, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and any refund will depend upon the terms of the Reservation’s cancellation policy. When this agreement has been terminated, you are not entitled to a restoration of your account or any of your Content. If your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform has been limited, or your Airbnb account has been suspended, or this agreement has been terminated by us, you may not register a new account or access or use the Airbnb Platform through an account of another Member. 13.6 Survival. Parts of these Terms that by their nature survive termination, will survive termination of this agreement, including Sections 2 through 26. 14. Modification. Airbnb may modify these Terms at any time. When we make material changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms. We will also provide you with notice of any material changes by email at least 30 days before the date they become effective. If you disagree with the revised Terms, you may terminate this agreement immediately as provided in these Terms. If you do not terminate your agreement before the date the revised Terms become effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will constitute acceptance of the revised Terms. You must register an account to access and use many features of the Airbnb Platform. Registration is only permitted for legal entities, partnerships and natural persons who are 18 years or older. You represent and warrant that you are not a person or entity barred from using the Airbnb Platform under the laws of the United States, your place of residence, or any other applicable jurisdiction. You must provide accurate, current, and complete information during registration and keep your account information up-to-date. You may not register more than one account or transfer your account to someone else. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your account credentials and may not disclose your credentials to any third party. You are responsible and liable for activities conducted through your account and must immediately notify Airbnb if you suspect that your credentials have been lost, stolen, or your account is otherwise compromised. If and as permitted by applicable law, we may, but have no obligation to (i) ask you to provide identification or other information, (ii) undertake checks designed to help verify your identity or background, (iii) screen you against third-party databases or other sources and request reports from service providers, and (iv) obtain reports from public records of criminal convictions or sex offender registrations or their local equivalents. 18. Disclaimer of Warranties. We provide the Airbnb Platform and all Content “as is” without warranty of any kind and we disclaim all warranties, whether express or implied. For example: (i) we do not endorse or warrant the existence, conduct, performance, safety, quality, legality or suitability of any Guest, Host, Host Service, Listing or third party; (ii) we do not warrant the performance or non-interruption of the Airbnb Platform; and (iii) we do not warrant that verification, identity or background checks conducted on Listings or Members (if any) will identify past misconduct or prevent future misconduct. Any references to a Member or Listing being "verified" (or similar language) indicate only that the Member or Listing or Airbnb has completed a relevant verification or identification process and nothing else. The disclaimers in these Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by law. If you have statutory rights or warranties we cannot disclaim, the duration of any such statutorily required rights or warranties, will be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law. 19. Limitations on Liability. Neither Airbnb (including its affiliates and personnel) nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Airbnb Platform or any Content will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services, or for any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in connection with (i) these Terms, (ii) the use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform or any Content, (iii) any communications, interactions or meetings you may have with someone you interact or meet with through, or as a result of, your use of the Airbnb Platform, or (iv) publishing or booking of a Listing, including the provision or use of Host Services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory, and whether or not Airbnb has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set out in these Terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. Except for our obligation to transmit payments to Hosts under these Terms, or make payments under the Airbnb Host Damage Protection or Japan Host Insurance, in no event will Airbnb’s aggregate liability for any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, your interaction with any Members, or your use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform, any Content, or any Host Service, exceed: (A) to Guests, the amount you paid as a Guest during the 12-month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, (B) to Hosts, the amount paid to you as a Host in the 12-month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or (C) to anyone else, one hundred U.S. dollars (US$100). These limitations of liability and damages are fundamental elements of the agreement between you and Airbnb. If applicable law does not allow the limitations of liability set out in these Terms, the above limitations may not apply to you. Based on your country of residence or establishment and what you are doing on the Airbnb Platform, Schedule 1 below sets out the Airbnb entity with whom you are contracting. If we identify through the Airbnb Platform, an Airbnb entity other than the one set out on Schedule 1 as being responsible for a product, feature or transaction, the Airbnb entity so identified is your contracting entity with respect to that product, feature or transaction. If you change your country of residence or establishment, the Airbnb company you contract with (as set out on Schedule 1) and the applicable version of the Terms of Service will be determined by your new country of residence or establishment, from the date on which your country of residence or establishment changes. 22. United States Governing Law and Venue. If you reside or have your place of establishment in the United States, these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California and the United States of America, without regard to conflict-of-law provisions. Judicial proceedings (other than small claims actions) that are excluded from the arbitration agreement in Section 23 must be brought in state or federal court in San Francisco, California, unless we both agree to some other location. You and we both consent to venue and personal jurisdiction in San Francisco, California. 23. United States Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement. 23.1 Application. This Arbitration Agreement only applies to you if your country of residence or establishment is the United States. If your country of residence or establishment is not the United States, and you nevertheless attempt to bring any legal claim against Airbnb in the United States, this Arbitration Agreement will apply for determination of the threshold issue of whether this Section 23 applies to you, and all other threshold determinations, including residency, arbitrability, venue, and applicable law. 23.2 Overview of Dispute Resolution Process. Airbnb is committed to participating in a consumer-friendly dispute resolution process. To that end, these Terms provide for a two-part process for individuals to whom this Section 23 applies: (1) an informal negotiation directly with Airbnb’s customer service team (described in paragraph 23.3, below), and if necessary (2) a binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). You and Airbnb each retain the right to seek resolution of the dispute in small claims court as an alternative to arbitration. 23.4 Agreement to Arbitrate. You and Airbnb mutually agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the applicability, breach, termination, validity, enforcement or interpretation thereof, or any use of the Airbnb Platform, Host Services, or any Content (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding individual arbitration (the “Arbitration Agreement”). If there is a dispute about whether this Arbitration Agreement can be enforced or applies to our Dispute, you and Airbnb agree that the arbitrator will decide that issue. 23.5 Exceptions to Arbitration Agreement. You and Airbnb each agree that the following causes of action and/or claims for relief are exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction (as defined by Section 22): (i) any claim or cause of action alleging actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights; (ii) any claim or cause of action seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack); or (iii) a request for the remedy of public injunctive relief; or (iv) any individual claim of sexual assault or sexual harassment arising from your use of the Airbnb Platform or Host Services. You and Airbnb agree that the remedy of public injunctive relief will proceed after the arbitration of all arbitrable claims, remedies, or causes of action, and will be stayed pending the outcome of the arbitration pursuant to section 3 of the Federal Arbitration Act. 23.7 Modification to AAA Rules - Arbitration Hearing/Location. In order to make the arbitration most convenient to you, Airbnb agrees that any required arbitration hearing may be conducted, at your option: (a) in the U.S. county where you reside; (b) in San Francisco County; (c) via phone or video conference. If the amount in controversy is $5,000 or less, the parties agree to proceed solely on the submission of documents to the arbitrator. 23.8 Modification of AAA Rules - Attorney’s Fees and Costs. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitrator compensation shall be governed by the AAA Rules. Either party may make a request that the arbitrator award attorneys’ fees and costs upon proving that the other party has asserted a claim, cross-claim or defense that is groundless in fact or law, brought in bad faith or for the purpose of harassment, or is otherwise frivolous, as allowed by applicable law and the AAA Rules. 23.9 Arbitrator’s Decision. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court with proper jurisdiction. The arbitrator may award any relief allowed by law or the AAA Rules, but declaratory or injunctive relief may be awarded only on an individual basis and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim. 23.10 Jury Trial Waiver. You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that we are each waiving the right to a trial by jury as to all arbitrable Disputes. 23.11 No Class Actions or Representative Proceedings. You and Airbnb acknowledge and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we are each waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action lawsuit, class-wide arbitration, private attorney general action, or any other representative or consolidated proceeding. Unless we agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one party’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If there is a final judicial determination that applicable law precludes enforcement of the waiver contained in this paragraph as to any claim, cause of action or requested remedy, then that claim, cause of action or requested remedy, and only that claim, cause of action or requested remedy, will be severed from this agreement to arbitrate and will be brought in a court of competent jurisdiction. In the event that a claim, cause of action or requested remedy is severed pursuant to this paragraph, then you and we agree that the claims, causes of action or requested remedies that are not subject to arbitration will be stayed until all arbitrable claims, causes of action and requested remedies are resolved by the arbitrator. 23.12 Severability. Except as provided in Section 23.11, in the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision will be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement will be given full force and effect. 23.13 Changes to Agreement to Arbitrate. If Airbnb changes this Section 23 after the date you last accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms), you may reject that change by sending us written notice (including by email) within 30 days of the date the change is effective. Rejecting a new change, however, does not revoke or alter your prior consent to any earlier agreements to arbitrate any Dispute between you and Airbnb (or your prior consent to any subsequent changes thereto), which will remain in effect and enforceable as to any Dispute between you and Airbnb. 23.14 Survival. Except as provided in Section 23.12 and subject to Section 13.6, this Section 23 will survive any termination of these Terms and will continue to apply even if you stop using the Airbnb Platform or terminate your Airbnb account. 24. China Governing Law and Dispute Resolution. 24.1 China Domestic Transactions. If you reside or have your place of establishment in China, and are contracting with Airbnb China, these Terms and this Section 24.1 are governed by the laws of the People’s Republic of China. In this situation, any dispute arising from or in connection with these Terms or use of the Airbnb Platform shall be submitted to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (“CIETAC”) for arbitration which shall be conducted in accordance with the Commission’s arbitration rules in effect at the time of applying for arbitration. The arbitral award is final and binding upon both parties. The tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The seat of the arbitration shall be Beijing. The language of the arbitration shall be English. 24.2 Cross-border Transactions. If you reside or have your place of establishment in China, and are contracting with Airbnb, Inc., Airbnb Travel, LLC, Airbnb Ireland UC, or any other non-China entity, these Terms and this Section 24.2 are governed by the laws of Singapore. In this situation, any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms or use of the Airbnb Platform, including any question regarding the existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”) for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this clause. The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The language of the arbitration shall be English. 24.3 Without Limitation Provisions. The above Sections 24.1 and 24.2 are expressed to be without regard to conflict of laws provisions and shall not be construed to limit any rights which Airbnb may have to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for any order requiring you to perform or be prohibited from performing certain acts and other provisional relief permitted under the laws of Singapore, the People’s Republic of China, or any other laws that may apply to you. 25. Brazil Governing Law and Venue. If you reside or have your place of establishment in Brazil, these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with the laws of Brazil, without regard to conflict-of-law provisions. Legal proceedings that you are able to bring against us arising from or in connection with these Terms may only be brought in a court located in Brazil. 26. Rest of World Dispute Resolution, Venue and Forum, and Governing Law. If you reside or have your place of establishment outside of the United States, China, and Brazil, this Section applies to you and these Terms will be interpreted in accordance with Irish law. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) is excluded. If you are acting as an individual consumer and if mandatory statutory consumer protection regulations in your country of residence contain provisions that are more beneficial for you, such provisions shall apply irrespective of the choice of Irish law. As an individual consumer, you may bring any judicial proceedings relating to these Terms before the competent court of your place of residence or the competent court of Airbnb's place of business in Ireland. If Airbnb wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident. If you are acting as a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts. 27. Miscellaneous. 27.2 Interpreting these Terms. Except as they may be supplemented by additional terms, conditions, policies, guidelines, standards, and in-product disclosures, these Terms (including those items incorporated by reference) constitute the entire agreement between Airbnb and you pertaining to your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Airbnb and you. These Terms do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon anyone other than you and Airbnb. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, except as otherwise indicated in Section 23.11 above, such provision will be struck and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. Where the word “will” is used in these Terms it connotes an obligation with the same meaning as “shall.” 27.3 No Waiver. Airbnb’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise permitted under law. 27.4 Assignment. You may not assign, transfer or delegate this agreement or your rights and obligations hereunder without Airbnb's prior written consent. Airbnb may without restriction assign, transfer or delegate this agreement and any rights and obligations hereunder, at its sole discretion, with 30 days’ prior notice. 27.5 Notice. Unless specified otherwise, any notices or other communications to Members permitted or required under this agreement, will be provided electronically and given by Airbnb via email, Airbnb Platform notification, messaging service (including SMS and WeChat), or any other contact method we enable and you provide. If a notification relates to a booking or Listing in Japan, you agree and acknowledge that such notifications via electronic means in lieu of a written statement, satisfies Airbnb’s obligations under Article 59 (1) of the Japanese Housing Accommodation Business Act. 27.6 Third-Party Services. The Airbnb Platform may contain links to third-party websites, applications, services or resources (“Third-Party Services”) that are subject to different terms and privacy practices. Airbnb is not responsible or liable for any aspect of such Third-Party Services and links to such Third-Party Services are not an endorsement. 27.9 Airbnb Platform Content. Content made available through the Airbnb Platform may be protected by copyright, trademark, and/or other laws of the United States and other countries. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights for that Content are the exclusive property of Airbnb and/or its licensors and agree that you will not remove, alter or obscure any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices. You may not use, copy, adapt, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, license, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, broadcast or otherwise exploit any Content accessed through the Airbnb Platform except to the extent you are the legal owner of that Content or as expressly permitted in these Terms. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Airbnb grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, revocable, non-transferable license to (i) download and use the Application on your personal device(s); and (ii) access and view the Content made available on or through the Airbnb Platform and accessible to you, solely for your personal and non-commercial use. 27.10 Airbnb.org. Airbnb.org is a nonprofit corporation exempt from income taxation under U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3), operating as a public charity. Airbnb.org is not owned or controlled by Airbnb. Airbnb.org administers a number of charitable programs that benefit our Host and Guest communities and the public. 27.11 Force Majeure. Airbnb shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of God, natural disasters, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, pandemics, epidemics or disease, strikes or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials. Your place of residence or establishment:Your activity on the Airbnb Platform:Airbnb contracting Entity:Contact information:United StatesBooking or offering certain hotels or traditional accommodations, where Airbnb Travel, LLC is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Travel, LLC888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesBooking or offering accommodations located in the United States for stays of 28 nights or more where Airbnb Stays, Inc. is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Stays, Inc.888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesAll other activities.Airbnb, Inc.888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States European Economic Area, Switzerland or the United KingdomBooking or offering certain hotels or traditional accommodations, where Airbnb Travel, LLC is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Travel, LLC888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesBooking or offering accommodations located in the United States for stays of 28 nights or more where Airbnb Stays, Inc. is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Stays, Inc.888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesAll other activities.Airbnb Ireland UC8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland China (which for purposes of these Terms, refers to the People's Republic of China and does not include Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)Booking or offering certain hotels or traditional accommodations, located outside of China, where Airbnb Travel, LLC is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Travel, LLC888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesBooking or offering accommodations located in the United States for stays of 28 nights or more where Airbnb Stays, Inc. is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Stays, Inc.888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesBooking or offering of any other Host Service, located outside China.Airbnb Ireland UC8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, IrelandActivities in China.Airbnb Internet (Beijing) Co., Ltd. ("Airbnb China")01B, Unit 1401, 14th Floor, East Tower, World Financial Center, No.1, East Third Ring Middle Road Chaoyang District, Beijing, China 100020 JapanBooking or offering certain hotels or traditional accommodations, where Airbnb Travel, LLC is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Travel, LLC888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesBooking or offering accommodations located in the United States for stays of 28 nights or more where Airbnb Stays, Inc. is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Stays, Inc.888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesBooking or offering any other Host Service, located outside Japan.Airbnb Ireland UC8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, IrelandAll other activities.Airbnb Global Services Limited3 Dublin Landings, North Wall Quay, Dublin D01 H104, Ireland Brazil*Any booking, offering accommodations, or any other activity.Airbnb Plataforma Digital Ltda.Rua Aspicuelta 422, conjunto 51, CEP: 05433-010, São Paulo - SP - Brazil Brazil* Any booking, offering accommodations, or any other activity. Airbnb Plataforma Digital Ltda. Rua Aspicuelta 422, conjunto 51, CEP: 05433-010, São Paulo - SP - Brazil All other countries and territoriesBooking or offering certain hotels or traditional accommodations, where Airbnb Travel, LLC is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Travel, LLC888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesBooking or offering accommodations located in the United States for stays of 28 nights or more where Airbnb Stays, Inc. is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Stays, Inc.888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United StatesAll other activities.Airbnb Ireland UC8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland * Beginning April 1, 2022, Airbnb Plataforma Digital Ltda. shall be the Contracting Entity for all Members whose place of residence or establishment is in Brazil. Terms of Service for Australian Users These Terms of Service for Australian Users (“Terms”) are subject to the Australian Consumer Law. Our services come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. These Terms (including sections 2.3, 4, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 11, 18, 19 and 20) apply to the maximum extent permitted by the Australian Consumer Law. Section 24 of these Terms contains an arbitration agreement and class action waiver that applies to all claims brought against Airbnb in the United States. Please read them carefully. Last Updated: 4 October 2023 Thank you for using Airbnb! These Terms of Service for Australian Users (“Terms”) are subject to the Australian Consumer Law. Our services come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. These Terms (including sections 2.3, 4, 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 11, 18, 19 and 20) apply to the maximum extent permitted by the Australian Consumer Law. Last Updated: 4 October 2023 These Terms and the documents, policies and standards referred to within them, form a binding legal agreement between you and Airbnb that governs your right to use the websites, applications, and other offerings from Airbnb (collectively, the “Airbnb Platform”). The documents referred to within these Terms include but are not limited to our: The Airbnb Platform offers an online venue that enables users (“Members”) to publish, offer, search for, and book services. Members who publish and offer services are “Hosts” and Members who search for, book, or use services are “Guests.” Hosts offer accommodations (“Accommodations”), activities, excursions and events (“Experiences”), and a variety of travel and other services (collectively, “Host Services,” and each Host Service offering, a “Listing”). Additional Terms for Experience Hosts 2.3 Accommodation Reservations. An Accommodation Reservation is a limited license to enter, occupy and use the Accommodation. The Host retains the right to re-enter the Accommodation during your stay, to the extent: (i) it is reasonably necessary, (ii) permitted by your contract with the Host, and (iii) permitted by applicable law. If you stay past checkout, the Host has the right to make you leave in a manner permitted by applicable law, including by imposing reasonable overstay penalties. You may not exceed the maximum number of allowed Guests. 2.4 Reservations for Experiences and Other Host Services.An Experience or other Host Service Reservation entitles you to participate in, attend, or use that Host Service. You are responsible for confirming that you, and anyone you invite, meet minimum age, proficiency, fitness or other requirements. You are responsible for informing the Host of any medical or physical conditions, or other circumstances that may impact your ability to participate, attend or use the Host Service. Except where expressly authorized, you may not allow any person to join a Host Service unless they are included as an additional guest during the booking process. 3.2 Booking Modifications. Guests and Hosts are responsible for any booking modifications they agree to make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make on their behalf ("Booking Modifications"), and agree to pay any additional amounts, fees, or taxes associated with any Booking Modification, which are notified to them prior to choosing to proceed with the Booking Modification. 4.1 Your Responsibilities. To the maximum extent permitted by law, you are responsible and liable for your own acts and omissions and are also responsible for the acts and omissions of anyone you invite to join or provide access to any Accommodation or Experience or other Host Service. For example, this means: (i) you are responsible for leaving an Accommodation (and related personal property) in the condition it was in when you arrived, (ii) you are responsible for paying all reasonable Damage Claim amounts necessary to cover damage that you, your guest(s), or your pet(s) cause to an Accommodation, and (iii) you must act with integrity, treat others with respect and comply with applicable laws at all times. If you are booking for an additional guest who is a minor or if you bring a minor to a Host Service, you must be legally authorized to act on behalf of the minor and you are solely responsible for the supervision of that minor. 4.2 Your Assumption of Risk. You acknowledge that many activities carry inherent risks and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you assume the risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform and any Content (as defined in Section 10), including your stay at any Accommodation, participation in any Experience, use of any other Host Service, or any other interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online. This means it is your responsibility to investigate a Host Service to determine whether it is suitable for you. For example, Host Services may carry risk of illness, bodily injury, disability, or death, and you freely and willfully assume those risks by choosing to participate in those Host Services. 6.5 Hosting as a Team or Organization. To the maximum extent permitted by law, if you work with a co-host or host as part of a team, business or other organization, you are responsible and liable as a Host under these terms for the acts and omission of each entity and individual who participates in providing your Host Services and you are required to inform personnel engaged by you to deliver any Host Services of your obligations under these Terms. If you accept terms or enter into contracts, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to enter into contracts for and bind your team, business or other organization, and that each entity you use is in good standing under the laws of the place where it is established. If you perform other functions, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to perform those functions. If you instruct Airbnb to transfer a portion of your payout to a co-host or other Hosts, or send payments to someone else, you must be authorized to do so, and are responsible and liable for the payment amounts and accuracy of any payout information you provide. 6.6 Your Assumption of Risk. You acknowledge that hosting carries inherent risks and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, you assume the risk arising out of your access to and use of the Airbnb Platform, offering Host Services, or any interaction you have with other Members whether in person or online. You agree that you have had the opportunity to investigate the Airbnb Platform and any laws, rules, regulations, or obligations that may be applicable to your Listings or Host Services. 7.2 Booking Modifications. Hosts and Guests are responsible for any Booking Modifications they agree to make via the Airbnb Platform or direct Airbnb customer service to make on their behalf, and agree to pay any additional amounts, fees or taxes associated with a Booking Modification which are notified to them prior to choosing to proceed with the Booking Modification. 8.1 Host Taxes. As a Host, you are responsible for determining and fulfilling your obligations under applicable laws to report, collect, remit or include in your price any applicable GST or other indirect taxes, occupancy taxes, sales, tourist or other taxes ("Taxes"). 8.2 Collection and Remittance by Airbnb. In jurisdictions where Airbnb facilitates the collection and/or remittance of Taxes on behalf of Hosts, you instruct and authorize Airbnb to collect Taxes on your behalf, and/or to remit such Taxes to the relevant Tax authority. Any Taxes that are collected and/or remitted by Airbnb are identified to Members on their transaction records, as applicable. Airbnb may seek additional amounts from Members (including by deducting such amounts from future payouts) where Taxes collected and/or remitted are insufficient to fully discharge that Members’ tax obligations, and you agree that your sole remedy for Taxes collected by Airbnb is a refund from the applicable Tax authority. You acknowledge and agree that we retain the right, with prior notice to affected Members, to cease the collection and remittance of Taxes in any jurisdiction for any reason. 8.3 Tax Information. In certain jurisdictions, Tax regulations may require that we collect and/or report Tax information about you, or withhold Taxes from payouts to you, or both. Where applicable, if you fail to provide us with documentation that we determine to be sufficient to support any such obligation to withhold Taxes from payouts to you, we may withhold payouts up to the amount as required by law, until sufficient documentation is provided. You agree that Airbnb may issue on your behalf invoices or similar documentation for GST or other Taxes for your Host Services to facilitate accurate tax reporting. Airbnb reserves the right to change our services, including to add or remove features and functionalities or change the types of Listings we accept or allow on the platform, including but not limited to: improve or update our services, prevent abuse, or respond to legal requirements. If we make material changes, we will provide you with 30 days’ advance notice, unless the changes are to prevent abuse or respond to legal requirements. In case of non-material breaches or where otherwise reasonable, you will be given reasonable notice of any actions that Airbnb proposes to take and an opportunity to remedy the non-material breach (if it is capable of remedy), unless such notification would (i) prevent or impede the detection or prevention of fraud or other illegal activities, (ii) harm the legitimate interests of other Members or third parties, or (iii) contravene applicable laws. 13.5 Effect of Termination. If you are a Host and terminate your Airbnb account, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and your Guests will receive a full refund. If you terminate your account as a Guest, any confirmed booking(s) will be automatically cancelled and any refund will depend upon the terms of the Listing’s cancellation policy as specified on the Listing at the time of booking. When this agreement has been terminated, you are not entitled to a restoration of your account or any of your Content. If your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform has been limited, or your Airbnb account has been suspended, or this agreement has been terminated by us, you may not register a new account or access or use the Airbnb Platform through an account of another Member. 13.6 Survival. Clauses 2, 3.1, 4, 5.2, 5.3, 6.2, 6.4, 6.5, 7.1, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13.3, 13.4, 13.5, 13.7, 13.8, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23 survive expiry or termination, together with any other terms that, by reasonable implication or to give them efficacy are, or are intended, to be performed in whole or in part after the expiry or termination of this agreement. Airbnb may modify these Terms at any time. When we make material changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms on the Airbnb Platform and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms. We will also provide you with notice of any material changes by email, notifications through the Airbnb Platform, messaging service, or any other contact method made available by us and selected by you at least 30 days before the date they become effective. If you disagree with the revised Terms, you may terminate this agreement immediately as provided in these Terms. If you do not terminate your agreement before the date the revised Terms become effective, your continued access to or use of the Airbnb Platform will constitute acceptance of the revised Terms. 15.4 Any decisions made by Airbnb in relation to a Damage Claim will not affect your contractual or statutory rights. 18. Warranties. We do not endorse or warrant the existence, conduct, performance, safety, quality, legality or suitability of any Guest, Host, Host Service, Listing or third party. To the maximum extent permitted by law, we do not warrant the performance or non-interruption of the Airbnb Platform and we do not warrant that verification, identity or background checks conducted on Listings or Members (if any) will identify past misconduct or prevent future misconduct. Any references to a Member or Listing being "verified" (or similar language) indicate only that the Member or Listing or Airbnb has completed a relevant verification or identification process and nothing else. We are not responsible for outages or disruptions of the Internet and telecommunications infrastructure which are beyond our control and can lead to interruptions in the availability of the Airbnb Platform. Airbnb may, temporarily and under consideration of the Members’ legitimate interests (e.g. by providing prior notice), restrict the availability of the Airbnb Platform or certain features thereof, if this is necessary in view of capacity limits, the security or integrity of our servers, or to carry out maintenance measures that ensure the proper or improved functioning of the Airbnb Platform. To the maximum extent permitted by law, no party, including Airbnb’s affiliates and personnel, or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Airbnb Platform or any Content, will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages. Incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages include, to the maximum extent permitted by law, lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services. Neither is Airbnb liable nor any other party liable, to the extent permitted by law, for any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in connection with (i) these Terms, (ii) the use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform or any Content, (iii) any communications, interactions or meetings you may have with someone you interact or meet with through, or as a result of, your use of the Airbnb Platform, or (iv) the publishing or booking of a Listing, including the provision or use of Host Services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory, and whether or not Airbnb has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set out in these Terms is found to have failed of its essential purpose. Except in the case of a Member’s wilful breach of these Terms, to the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall a Member’s liability to Airbnb or any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Airbnb Platform or any Content for any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms, interaction with any Member, or use of or inability to use the Airbnb Platform, any Content, or any Host Service exceed: (A) in the case of Guests, three (3) times the amount you paid for the relevant Reservation(s) giving rise to the liability, or (B) in the case of Hosts, three (3) times the amount paid to you for the relevant Reservation(s) giving rise to the liability. Based on your country of residence or establishment and what you are doing on the Airbnb Platform, Schedule 1 below sets out the Airbnb entity with whom you are contracting. If we identify through the Airbnb Platform, an Airbnb entity other than the one set out on Schedule 1 as being responsible for a product, feature or transaction, the Airbnb entity so identified is your contracting entity with respect to that product, feature or transaction. If you change your country of residence or establishment to a country outside of Australia, the Airbnb company you contract with and the applicable version of the Terms of Service will be determined by your new country of residence or establishment, from the date on which your country of residence or establishment changes. These Terms are governed by and construed in accordance with Irish law. If you are acting as a consumer and if mandatory statutory consumer protection regulations in your country of residence contain provisions that are more beneficial for you, such provisions shall apply irrespective of the choice of Irish law. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) is excluded. As a consumer, you may bring any judicial proceedings relating to these Terms before the competent court of your place of residence or the competent court of Airbnb's place of business in Ireland. If Airbnb wishes to enforce any of its rights against you as a consumer, we may do so only in the courts of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident. If you are acting as a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts. 23. Miscellaneous 23.2 Interpreting these Terms. Except as they may be supplemented by additional terms, conditions, policies, guidelines, standards, and in-product disclosures, these Terms (including those items incorporated by reference) constitute the entire agreement between Airbnb and you pertaining to your access to or use of the Airbnb Platform and supersede any and all prior oral or written understandings or agreements between Airbnb and you. This clause does not exclude a party’s liability for prior false, misleading or deceptive statements or misrepresentations, where oral or written. These Terms do not and are not intended to confer any rights or remedies upon anyone other than you and Airbnb. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, except as otherwise indicated in Section 24.11 below, such provision will be struck and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. 23.3 No Waiver. Subject to any limitation expressly stated in these Terms, or any document policy or standard incorporated into them, neither Airbnb’s or a Member’s failure to enforce any right or provision in these Terms will constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed between the relevant parties in writing. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise permitted under law. 23.4 Assignment. You may not assign, transfer or delegate this agreement or your rights and obligations hereunder without Airbnb's prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). Airbnb may without restriction assign, transfer or delegate this agreement and any rights and obligations hereunder, at its sole discretion, with 30 days’ prior notice. Your right to terminate this agreement at any time pursuant to Section 13.2 remains unaffected. 23.12 Emails and SMS. You will receive administrative communications from us using the email address or other contact information you provide for your Airbnb account. Enrollment in additional email subscription programs will not affect the frequency of these administrative emails, though you should expect to receive additional emails specific to the program(s) to which you have subscribed. You may also receive promotional emails from us. No fee is charged for these promotional emails, but third-party data rates could apply. You can control whether you receive promotional emails using the notification preferences in your account settings. Please note that you will not be able to take advantage of certain promotions if you disable certain communication settings or do not have an Airbnb Account. 24.2 Overview of Dispute Resolution Process. Airbnb is committed to participating in a consumer-friendly dispute resolution process. To that end, these Terms provide for a two-part process for individuals to whom this Section 24 applies: (1) an informal negotiation directly with Airbnb’s customer service team (described in Section 24.3, below), and if necessary (2) a binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). You and Airbnb each retain the right to seek resolution of the dispute in small claims court as an alternative to arbitration. 24.5 Exceptions to Arbitration Agreement. You and Airbnb each agree that the following causes of action and/or claims for relief are exceptions to the Arbitration Agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in state or federal court in San Francisco, California, unless we both agree to some other location: (i) any claim or cause of action alleging actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights; (ii) any claim or cause of action seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack); or (iii) a request for the remedy of public injunctive relief; or (iv) any individual claim of sexual assault or sexual harassment arising from your use of the Airbnb Platform or Host Services. You and Airbnb agree that the remedy of public injunctive relief will proceed after the arbitration of all arbitrable claims, remedies, or causes of action, and will be stayed pending the outcome of the arbitration pursuant to section 3 of the Federal Arbitration Act. 24.14 Survival. Except as provided in Section 24.12, and subject to Section 13.6, this Section 24 will survive any termination of these Terms and will continue to apply even if you stop using the Airbnb Platform or terminate your Airbnb Account. Nothing in this Additional Terms for Experience Hosts section (“Experience Host Terms”) shall be construed to amend or contradict the Terms unless explicitly stated. If there is a conflict between the Terms and the Experience Host Terms, the Experience Host Terms control to the extent of the conflict. 25. Experience Host Terms. 25.2 Hosting Airbnb Guests. Once your Experience is published on the Airbnb Platform, you will have the ability to add dates and times when you offer your Experience through the Airbnb Platform (an "Instance"). By making an Instance of your Experience available on the Airbnb Platform, you agree that only people who book through Airbnb can attend that Instance of the Experience. You further agree that you will not allow people to attend any Instance of your Experience available on the Airbnb Platform unless that person booked through Airbnb (or was added as an additional Guest for a spot booked through the Airbnb Platform). 25.4 Equipment. You are responsible for providing all equipment, including supplies, vehicles, venues and other materials ("Equipment") necessary to host your Experience. You are solely responsible for ensuring that the Equipment used in your Experience is in good working order and conforms to all laws pertaining to safety, equipment, inspection, and operational capability. Except as otherwise required by law, you assume all risk of damage or loss to your Equipment. 25.7 Insurance. We may require that you obtain your own insurance in order to publish an Experience on the Airbnb Platform. We will provide you with reasonable notice of any changes to insurance requirements that apply to your Experience. In such cases, you agree to obtain and maintain insurance for you, the members of your team or organization, and/or your Experience with the coverage and in the amounts determined by us in our sole discretion for any and all activities that take place on your Experience. You agree to cooperate with Airbnb to verify such insurance coverage. In the event that Airbnb has obtained its own liability insurance that covers your Experiences, your insurance will be the primary source of coverage and Airbnb's insurance will operate as excess or secondary insurance for any amounts exceeding your coverage. Our procurement of such secondary insurance coverage does not relieve you of your obligation to obtain insurance in amounts required by us. YOUR PLACE OF RESIDENCE OR ESTABLISHMENT:YOUR ACTIVITY ON THE AIRBNB PLATFORM:AIRBNB CONTRACTING ENTITY:CONTACT INFORMATION:AustraliaBooking or offering certain hotels or traditional accommodations, where Airbnb Travel, LLC is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Travel, LLC888Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103,United StatesBooking or offering accommodations located in the United States for stays of 28 nights or more where Airbnb Stays, Inc. is identified in the checkout or listing process.Airbnb Stays, Inc.888Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103,United StatesAll other activities.Airbnb Ireland UC8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland YOUR PLACE OF RESIDENCE OR ESTABLISHMENT: YOUR ACTIVITY ON THE AIRBNB PLATFORM: AIRBNB CONTRACTING ENTITY: CONTACT INFORMATION: Australia Booking or offering certain hotels or traditional accommodations, where Airbnb Travel, LLC is identified in the checkout or listing process. Airbnb Travel, LLC 888 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, United States Booking or offering accommodations located in the United States for stays of 28 nights or more where Airbnb Stays, Inc. is identified in the checkout or listing process. Airbnb Stays, Inc. All other activities. Airbnb Ireland UC 8 Hanover Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland Related articles Please review this information about updates to our Terms. Guest We support different payment methods depending on the country your payment account is located in. Host Encourage them to review your listing description and photos, and be available to answer any additional questions they have about your space… Get help with your reservations, account, and more. Site Footer Footer section Choose a languageEnglish (GB)Choose a currency£GBP Choose a languageEnglish (GB) Choose a language English (GB) Choose a currency£GBP Choose a currency £ GBP © 2023 Airbnb, Inc. ·