Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, users are notified at least 30 days in advance. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Per the service's terms, users may not express negative opinions about them. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Service can block or censor user communications. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. The user is informed about security practices. You have the right to leave this service at any time. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. Prohibits the publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent. This service does not force users into binding arbitration. The court of law governing the terms is in location France. This service does not allow alternative accounts. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. They may stop providing the service at any time. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service provides a free help desk