New Please see below the translations of the Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective from 16th October 2023. Version Number: 2.1 For Australia, Brazil, Canada, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Türkiye, UAE, and USA By continuing your interactions with us, such as by submitting information to us, or using our Services, you confirm that you understand and consent to the collection, use, disclosure, and processing of your personal data (or the personal data of any individual you provide) as described in this Privacy Policy. For USA To help you understand the Privacy Policy, we have introduced a summary below. Please hover over the information icon "(i)" for a short explanation. In case of a conflict, please refer to the text in the section. Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an identified or identifiable individual. It does not include anonymous data, which cannot be linked back to the individual. We will collect and process personal data about you as follows: 2.1 Information you give us. 2.2 Information we collect about you. When you use our Services, we may collect the following information: 2.3 Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We also work closely with third parties and may receive information about you from them. This may include: 2.4 Information from social networks. 2.5 Sensitive data. 2.6 Children’s data. Our products and services are directed at adults, and are not intended for children. We therefore do not knowingly collect data from children. Any data collected from a child before their age is determined will be deleted. 3.1 We take the safeguarding of your information very seriously. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data during transmission, and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we use strict procedures and security features to ensure it stays secure, including: 3.2 We are regularly audited to confirm we remain compliant with our security certifications, including SOC 2 and PCI-DSS. As part of these audits, our security is validated by external auditors. 3.3 We restrict access to your personal information to those employees of Wise who have a business reason for knowing such information and third party service providers’ processing data on our behalf. All Wise employees who have access to your personal data are required to adhere to this Policy and all third-party service providers are requested by Wise to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place. In addition, contracts are in place with third-party service providers that have access to your personal data, to ensure that the level of security and protective measures required in your jurisdiction is in place, and that your personal data is processed only as instructed by Wise. 3.4 We continuously educate and train our employees about the importance of confidentiality and privacy of customer personal information. We maintain physical, technical and organisational safeguards that comply with applicable laws and regulations to protect your personal information from unauthorised access. 4.1 Lawful basis: We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Depending on the country in which you are in, we rely on the following legal bases to process your personal data: 4.2 Purposes for which we will use your personal data: the ways we plan to use your personal data are described below, including which of the legal bases we rely on to do so in the UK, the EU, Türkiye and Brazil (*only included as a lawful basis under the LGPD). We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. to carry out our obligations relating to your contract with us for provision of payments services and multi-currency accounts Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Necessary to fulfil our obligations under a contract to provide you with information, products and services Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legitimate interest (to keep our records up-to-date, decide which of our products and services may be of interest to you, to tell you about them and deliver them to you) Where you’ve consented for us to process your personal data in a certain way to comply with any applicable legal and/or regulatory requirements, including to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence, upon demonstration of lawful authority, and to comply with court orders from the relevant jurisdiction. Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legal obligation Necessary to fulfil our obligations under a contract Legitimate interest (to be efficient about how we meet our legal obligations and to comply with regulations that apply to us) Credit protection, including the provisions of the relevant legislation* The regular exercising of rights in judicial, administrative or arbitral proceedings* to prevent and detect crimes, including fraud and financial crime Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legal obligation Legitimate interest (to detect and prevent criminal activity in connection with our Services and improve how we manage instances of suspected financial crime) Credit protection, including the provisions of the relevant legislation* to notify you about changes to our Services and send you other administrative information Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legal obligation Legitimate interest (to provide you with a good customer service and keep you up-to-date with new developments) Necessary to fulfil our obligations under a contract as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legal obligation Legitimate interest (protecting our customers and ourselves from loss or harm) Necessary to fulfil our obligations under a contract to administer our Services and for internal operational, planning, audit, troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legitimate interest (to keep our records up to date, efficiently fulfil our legal and contractual duties, carry out our administrative operations, and develop new and existing products and services) to undertake system or product development, including helping third party suppliers improve the services they provide to us, to improve our Services and to ensure that they are presented in the most effective manner Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legitimate interest (to develop existing and new products and services and to efficiently meet our legal and contractual obligations) to allow other Wise customers to request or send money to you through our services when providing information that matches your phone number or email address Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legitimate interest (to provide an efficient and innovative service to our customers) Necessary to fulfil our obligations under a contract to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve and to deliver relevant advertising to you Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legitimate interest (to market our products and services in the most efficient manner) Where you’ve consented for us to process your personal data in a certain way. to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legitimate interest (to provide an efficient and innovative service to our customers) Where you’ve consented for us to process your personal data in a certain way. to use your email address to provide you with information about other similar goods and services we offer Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legitimate interest (to market our products and services) Where you’ve consented for us to process your personal data in a certain way to provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about goods or services we feel may interest you. Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Where you’ve consented for us to process your personal data in a certain way. to take steps to recover amounts owed to us, including via insurance claims, and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legitimate interest (to protect our assets) Credit protection, including the provisions of the relevant legislation* to allow a third party or a financial institution that sent money to recover money received by you in error or due to fraud Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legal obligation Legitimate interest (to allow third parties to recover funds) to verify information you provide to us and to enforce our Customer Agreement with you Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Legitimate interest (to protect our assets) on rare occasions, to help safeguard our customers, employees or other individuals by notifying the emergency services Lawful basis for processing, including basis of legitimate interest: Vital interest For UK: to carry out our obligations relating to your contract with us for provision of the Company Formation Services 5.1 We may share your personal data with the following third parties: 5.2 If your discoverability feature is enabled, Wise customers can search for you via your nickname, or the email address or phone number registered to your Wise account. You can manage this discoverability feature under your account settings. You can also generate a link to share with any users to make it easier to send and receive money. 5.3 If you would like further information about who we have shared your data with, or to be provided with a list specific to you, you can request this by writing to privacy@wise.com. If you are an EEA resident holding a balance with us (Multi-Currency Account), we are legally obliged to disclose the following personal data to the Central Point of Contact of the National Bank of Belgium (“CPC”) On a continuous basis: Periodically: To enable identification of the persons behind these accounts, financial contracts and transactions involving cash, we must also report the following information: This data is recorded by the CPC and kept for a period of 10 years. The CPC keeps a list of the information requests it receives for five years. Under strict conditions, the CPC may disclose this data to the Belgian tax authorities and other authorities and persons that are legally entitled to request information from the CPC. The data may be used in the context of (i) tax-related inquiries, (ii) the investigation of criminal offences, (iii) the combatting of money laundering, terrorist financing and serious criminal offences, and (iv) for any other purpose authorised under Belgian law. In section 7, ‘we’ refers to Wise Payments Japan K.K. We do not disclose your personal data to any third parties unless consented by you or otherwise permitted by applicable law. We may entrust your personal data to third-party service providers, in which case we will execute a service contract with such third parties and supervise them to secure your personal data. We jointly use your personal data described in Section 2 of the Privacy Policy with Wise Payments Limited (registered in England and Wales (company number 07209813) with its registered office at TEA Building 56 Shoreditch High Street London E16JJ), a payment services provider registered as a money services business by Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs (HMRC) and under the supervision of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (FCA), for the purposes described in Section 4 of our Privacy Policy. The responsible party for this joint use is Wise Payment Japan K.K., with headquarters at 1-6-1 Otemachi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0004. Please contact us at privacy@wise.com for details of the representative director. 8.1 While our main processing centres are in the UK and the EU, we may transfer your data to and store it in countries outside of your jurisdiction, which do not offer an equivalent level of protection to your country. It may also be processed by staff operating outside of your jurisdiction. Such staff may be engaged in activities that include the fulfilment of your payment order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy. 8.2 In the above cases, we ensure that appropriate safeguards, including Standard Contractual Clauses and/or International Data Transfer Agreements, are in place. A copy of these documents can be provided by sending a request to privacy@wise.com. 8.3 In Switzerland, we ensure that such safeguards are in place unless we can rely on an exception. An exception may apply, for example, in case of legal proceedings abroad, but also in cases of overriding public interest or if the performance of a contract requires disclosure, if you have consented or if data has been made available generally by you and you have not objected against the processing. 9.1 We may use some elements of your data to customise our Services and the information we provide to you, and to address your needs, including your country of residence and transaction history. For example, if you frequently send funds from one particular currency to another, we may use this information to inform you of new product updates or features that may be useful for you. When we do this, we take all necessary measures to ensure that your privacy and security are protected - and we use pseudonymised data wherever possible. This activity has no legal effect on you. 9.2 We use automated processes to check that your application to access Wise services and your use of Wise services meet our required standard, including verifying your identity, and to help prevent fraud or other illegal activities. These processes may make an automated decision to reject your application or a proposed transaction, to block a suspicious attempt to login to your Wise account, or to close your account. If this happens, you will be notified and offered the opportunity to provide further information and challenge the decision through an appeal mechanism, which includes a manual review. In any case, if you feel that an automated process may have impacted you, please contact Wise Customer Support. 11.1 We will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it. As a regulated financial institution, Wise is required by law to store some of your personal and transactional data beyond the closure of your account with us. We only access your data internally on a need-to-know basis, and we’ll only access or process it if absolutely necessary. 11.2 We will always delete data that is no longer required by a relevant law or jurisdiction in which we operate. We do this automatically, so you don’t need to contact us to ask us to delete your data. Deletion methods include shredding, destruction and secure disposal of hardware and hard-copy records, and deletion or over-writing of digital data. 12.2 The processing purposes and interests are i) required by Amazon to help them prevent and detect crime and to uphold the standards of conduct required by Amazon and ii) to help Wise prevent and detect crime. 12.3 In the UK, EEA, Indonesia, Türkiye, and Brazil, the lawful basis for processing is legitimate interests. The interests and processing purposes are as described in section 12.2. 12.4 In jurisdictions outside the UK, EEA, Indonesia, Türkiye and Brazil, you consent to this data sharing by continuing to use your Wise account. 12.5 If you do not wish for Wise to provide the above information to Amazon, you should not provide your Wise account details to Amazon and you will not be able to use your Wise account to receive money from your Amazon storefront. 12.6 This programme does not apply to Wise customers who only buy products from Amazon and do not sell products on Amazon. 13.1 Laws applicable in your jurisdiction may grant you certain rights regarding the information we hold about you. If you have any questions in relation to our use of your personal information, contact us at privacy@wise.com. 13.2 Your exercise of these rights may be subject to certain exemptions, including to safeguard the public interest (including the prevention or detection of crime), where it is in our interests (including the maintenance of legal privilege), and where the rights of other persons are involved (including where your request relates to information about other individuals). 13.3 We may need to retain certain information for record-keeping purposes and to comply with our obligations under applicable laws and regulations, including but not limited to our anti-money laundering obligations, and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion. 13.4 You will not normally have to pay a fee to access your personal data or to exercise any of the other rights. However, we may charge a reasonable fee where permitted by local laws or if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. 13.5 We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and your right to access your personal data or to exercise any of your other rights. This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. 13.6 If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us, you may opt-out by following the instructions in any such email. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt-out. 13.7 If you would like to make a request, the best way to do so would be to contact us at the contact details listed in the Appendix. 13.8 Subject to some country-specific variations, you have the right to: If you are a California resident: You may have certain rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) regarding your personal data, including: You should be aware that this section does not apply to: “Shine the Light” and “Eraser” Laws: you may request a list of all third parties to which we have disclosed certain information during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you would like to make a request, please submit it in writing to privacy@wise.com, or by contacting us at +1-888-908-3833. We are obliged to verify your identity and that you are authorised to receive this information before fulfilling your request. You may also have certain rights regarding the information we hold about you under other data protection and privacy laws. Please contact us at privacy@wise.com for more information. Our Services may, from time to time, contain links to the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. Please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility for them, so if you follow a link, check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. To keep up with changing legislation, best practice and changes in how we process personal information, we may revise this Policy at any time by posting a revised version on this website. To stay up to date on any changes, check back periodically. 18.1 Please send any questions, comments or requests about this Policy to our privacy team at privacy@wise.com, where you can also contact our Data Protection Officer. You can also write to us or our Data Protection Officer at our registered office that applies to you, as listed in the Appendix. 18.2 If you feel that we have not addressed your questions or concerns adequately, or you believe that your data protection or privacy rights have been infringed, you can complain to any supervisory authority or other public body with responsibility for enforcing privacy laws, as listed in the Appendix. Country or Region