Toggle navigation Find a Location: Zip OR City & State Find a Location: TacoTime (also referred to in this Privacy Policy as "we", "us" and "our") is committed to protecting your privacy and security online. We strive to do everything we can to respect the trust customers have in our brand - and our commitment to your privacy is no exception. We are committed to protecting and safeguarding the privacy of visitors to this website. Please carefully read this Privacy Policy so that you will fully understand how your personal information will be treated as you use the tacotime.com website. This Privacy Policy outlines our personal information handling practices. By providing TacoTime with your personal information, you signify that you agree with the terms of our current Privacy Policy as posted here, which may be amended from time to time as provided below in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy, please do not provide any personal information. However, if you choose not to provide your personal information, you may not be able to, among other things, access particular areas of our website, access and use Rewards programs ("Reward Card"), Email Clubs, order certificates, obtain franchise information, enter contests, request samples, or send us e-mail. TacoTime only gathers personal information when voluntarily submitted by you. If you request information from TacoTime or wish to share an experience you had at one of our franchise stores, we'll ask for personal information such as your name, address, and email address, as well as store address and any other information you may wish to share, so we can best respond to your comments. This information will help us to better customize the services at TacoTime. Additionally, if you contact TacoTime, we may keep a record of that correspondence. When you access certain areas of the tacotime.com website, we may ask you for your registration or log-in information. Such information can include your name, e-mail address, residence or billing addresses and/or credit card information (to hold a reservation or for online purchases). From time to time we and/or our partners will sponsor contests and information regarding specials and events that will require additional information. TacoTime partners or third party sites that have links on our website may collect personal information about you. Please be aware that the information collected by these partners or third party sites is not covered under this Privacy Policy. As part of customizing and personalizing your service, TacoTime uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of information that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. The cookie stores information and is sent when you register or sign in. Cookies enable you to automatically log into your account when you visit the tacotime.com website. We also use cookies to track your use and the number of entries in our promotions and contests. Cookies also help us to estimate the size of our audience and measure traffic patterns. Additionally, our partners may also use their own cookies. Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the "Help" section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. You can also adjust your cookies settings through the cookies preference manager widget located at the bottom left of the tacotime.com website. However, your settings are browser and device specific – so, if you come back to our website from a different device or browser, or you delete cookies on your current browser, you will need to apply these settings again. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this website. TacoTime may also collect certain aggregate information about you and your use of our website whenever you visit, such as various forms of "click stream" information including URLs or domains, site traffic statistics and origination information, page views, impressions, and operating system and browser types. In addition, TacoTime servers automatically log your IP address when you request pages on our website. This aggregate information generally will not personally identify you or be correlated to you individually for external purposes. TacoTime may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all of the aggregate information; provided that such information does not personally identify you. TacoTime collects information in order to provide our users with personalized and customized service. We will often use the information we collect to notify you of important functionality changes to the tacotime.com website, new services, special offers or contests that we think you may be interested in. TacoTime researches our user demographics and interests based upon the information that you provide. We do this to better customize your experience and we may share this research with our partners. Companies may be engaged by TacoTime to perform a variety of functions, such as assisting with promotions or providing technical services for our websites. These companies may have access to personal information, if needed, to perform such functions. However, these companies are only authorized to use such personal information for the purpose of performing such functions and improving services. Further, the information collected through our website is considered a trade secret of TacoTime. As the owner of such information, we may disclose or sell such information as an asset of the company in conjunction with the sale of our company, our assets or a portion of our assets to a third party. TacoTime reserves the right to use or disclose any information when we have your permission or in special circumstances, such as when we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal requirement, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of our website, to fulfill your requests, to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety, or to respond to claims that any files or data violate the rights of third-parties, or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of TacoTime, its users or the public. For example, TacoTime will make such disclosures necessary under the reporting procedures of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (see the Terms of Use). Our website provides users the opportunity to choose how information you provide to us can be used by TacoTime. If you are getting promotional e-mail from us and would like to be removed from our list, simply click the link at the bottom of any e-mail you receive to unsubscribe. You can opt into or out of emails from us by logging into your account and updating your preferences. When you submit any files, information, or access your account, TacoTime uses a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all of the information that you provide before it is sent to us. Additionally, we take commercially reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to your data. Your TacoTime account is password-protected so that only you have access to this personal information. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. TacoTime will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Unfortunately, no data transmission can ever be 100% secure. While we try to protect your personal information, we cannot insure or warrant the security of the personal information that you transmit. You transmit such information at your own risk. TacoTime is committed to protecting the privacy of children who visit our website. For this reason, TacoTime does not collect personal information from children under 13. Children 12 years old and younger may visit the TacoTime website under the supervision of a parent or guardian without disclosing any personally identifiable information. Our subsidiaries and affiliates may need to access and use your child's personal information in order to respond to a service request, prevent fraud, or assist us in the management and improvement of our website. We encourage parents of children under 13 to regularly check and monitor their children's use of e-mail and other activities online. From time to time, it may be necessary for TacoTime to change this Privacy Policy and the revised Privacy Policy will be posted at the tacotime.com website. You should check here periodically for changes. Your continued use of the tacotime.com website should be deemed your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. Residents of Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, and Utah have additional rights under applicable privacy laws, subject to certain limitations: This section supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy above and provides, in general, our policies and practices under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). This section applies solely to individuals who reside in California (“consumers” or “you”). If you do not reside in California, this section does not apply to you. All terms defined by the CCPA have the same meaning when used here. This section does not address or apply to our handling of publicly available information made lawfully available by state or federal governments or other personal information that is subject to an exemption under the CCPA. This section was last updated: July 1, 2023 We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with particular California consumers, households, or devices (“Personal Information”). Our collection and handling of Personal Information varies with our relationship and interactions with You. For example, we may collect different categories of Personal Information from customers, potential customers, employees, employee applicants, other workforce members, and potential franchisees. The CCPA defines a "sale" as disclosing or making available Personal Information to a third party in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration, and “sharing” broadly as disclosing or making available personal information to a third party for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. While we do not disclose Personal Information to third parties in exchange for monetary compensation from such third parties, we may “sell” or “share” the following categories of Personal Information in order to receive certain services, information, or benefits from third parties: identifiers; customer records; commercial information; internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences. We share these categories with third-party advertising networks, social networks, data analytics providers, and franchise owners (such as when we allow third-party tags to collect browsing history and other information on our websites to improve and measure our ad campaigns). We do not sell or share sensitive Personal Information as that term is defined by the CCPA (“Sensitive Personal Information”), nor do we sell or share any Personal Information about individuals who we know are under sixteen (16) years old. We may collect the Personal Information identified in the categories above from the following sources: We may use the Personal Information that we collect for the following business or commercial purposes and as otherwise directed or consented to by you: We will not collect additional categories of Personal Information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes from those listed above without providing you notice. Our use of your Personal Information may vary depending on whether you are a customer, potential customer, employee, employee applicant, or potential franchisee. We only use and disclose Sensitive Personal Information as reasonably necessary: (i) to perform our services requested by you, (ii) to help ensure security and integrity, including to prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents, (iii) to detect, prevent and respond to malicious, fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal conduct, (iv) to verify or maintain the quality and safety of our services, (v) for compliance with our legal obligations, (vi) to our service providers who perform services on our behalf, and (vii) for purposes other than inferring characteristics about you. We do not use or disclose your Sensitive Personal Information other than as authorized pursuant to section 7027 of the CCPA regulations (Cal. Code. Regs., tit. 11, § 7027(m)). We retain the Personal Information we collect only as reasonably necessary for the purposes described above or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of collection. In general, if you are a California resident you have the following rights under the CCPA: We will delete or deidentify Personal Information not subject to one of these exceptions from our records and will direct our service providers and contractors to take similar action. You may submit requests on your own behalf or have your legally authorized agent do so for you by: When you submit your request, you must provide us with enough detail so that we can verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information (or that you are a legally authorized representative), and also understand, evaluate, and respond to your request. At a minimum, we need the following information: When you submit a request to know/access, delete, or correct, we will take steps to verify your identity and the request by matching the information you provide with the information we have in our records. We may send an email to the email address that we have in our records asking you to verify that you made the request. We may also require additional information from you that is necessary to verify and respond to your request and you must provide us with all information that we request. You can provide us this information either through our toll-free telephone number or the webform provided above. We work to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of receiving it. If we require more time (up to ninety (90) days in total), we will inform you of the reason and the extension period in writing. If we verify your request to know/access, we will provide you a report responding to your specific request, subject to the exceptions provided for in the CCPA. This report will include any Personal Information that our service providers or contractors have collected about your pursuant to their contractual obligations to us. If we verify your request to delete, we will delete, and instruct our service providers, contractors, and all third parties with whom we have shared your Personal Information to delete, any Personal Information we have collected about you, subject to the exceptions provided for in the CCPA. If we verify your request to correct, we will correct, and instruct our service providers and contractors to correct, the incorrect Personal Information at issue, subject to the exceptions provided for in the CCPA. We will inform you if we cannot verify your request. If we cannot verify your request, the CCPA prohibits us from deleting, correcting, or providing you any information regarding what Personal Information we may have collected. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded and as permitted under the CCPA. If we determine that the request warrants a fee that is permitted under the CCPA, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. We accept requests from authorized agents of California residents. If you are an authorized agent, we may require additional information and documentation, such as a valid power of attorney or written and signed authorization from the consumer. We may also require a valid email address for the consumer so that we can directly confirm the request and your authorization. Under California’s "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide us their personal information are entitled to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we may from time-to-time share with third parties for their own direct marketing use; such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third party sharing in the prior calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing at customerservice@kahalamgmt.com, using the subject line "California Privacy Information." In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address. We will reply to valid requests by sending a response to the email address from which you submitted your request. Our response to you will be limited to information on covered sharing and the relevant details required by the Shine the Light law. We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated policy on our website or mobile application and update the policy’s effective date. Your continued use of our website or mobile application following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. TacoTime 9311 E. Via de Ventura Scottsdale, AZ 85258 Phone: 866-452-4252 Fax: 480-362-4812 ©1997 - Kahala Franchising, L.L.C. All Trademarks Are Property Of Their Respective Owners. 