 search close search search Logout Notifications All keyboard_arrow_down No notification selected Select a notification to display details No notification selected Select a notification to display details Walmart Privacy Notice Notice of Changes Added Utah Privacy Rights section What Does This Privacy Notice Cover? This Privacy Notice describes what personal information we collect, how we collect and use your personal information, who we disclose it to and why, the measures we take to protect your personal information, and the choices you may have regarding our use of your personal information. It covers our Walmart and Amigo retail stores in the United States and Puerto Rico, and our websites and mobile apps and services where this Privacy Notice is posted (“Sites”). What is not covered in this Privacy Notice? What Personal Information Do We Collect? We may collect or receive the categories of personal information listed below, which may depend on the products or services you may use, as well as your device and account settings. Not all categories of personal information will be collected or received about every individual. Basic Personal Identifiers, such as name, telephone number, physical address, email address, government-issued identifiers (e.g., national identification numbers, driver’s license numbers), and signatures Device and Online Identifiers, such as account login information, Mac address, IP address, cookie IDs, mobile ad IDs, and social media information Internet and Other Network Activity Information, such as information about your browsing or search activity as well as your interactions with our websites, mobile applications, emails, or advertisements such as keystroke patterns (these tell us if it’s you who is interacting with us, or a bot) Commercial Information, such as purchase and transaction history information (such as products or services you have purchased, rented, or returned), product reviews, travel and vacation information, and sweepstakes and contest entries Communications: Communication details (such as the content of emails, text messages, or other communications), call logs, and calendar information, where Walmart is a party to the exchange Demographic Information, such as age, gender, citizenship, ethnicity, date of birth, family or marital status, household income, education, professional and employment information, family health, number of children, number of cars owned, and software or virtual assets owned Financial Information, such as credit or debit card numbers, and financial account numbers Biometric Information, such as voice prints, imagery of the iris or retina, face geometry, and palm prints or fingerprints Geolocation: Data about the location of your device, which may be imprecise (i.e. inferred from your device’s IP address). If you provide your consent, this data may be precise. For more information about precise geolocation, see the How Do We Collect Personal Information? > Collected Through Automated Means section below. Sensory Information: Audio, visual information, and other sensory information such as photographs and audio and video recordings Background Information: Background and criminal information, such as background checks and criminal convictions Inferences: Individual preferences and characteristics, such as inferences drawn from and related to shopping patterns and behaviors, intelligence, and aptitudes We may collect or receive the categories of personal information listed below, which may depend on the products or services you may use, as well as your device and account settings. Not all categories of personal information will be collected or received about every individual. Basic Personal Identifiers Device and Online Identifiers, Internet and Other Network Activity Information Commercial Information Communications: Demographic Information Financial Information, Biometric Information Geolocation: Sensory Information: Background Information: Inferences: How Do We Use Personal Information? We use personal information to provide you with products and services and to operate and improve our business. For example, we use it for:Performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing analytics services, providing storage, or providing similar servicesPerforming and providing advertising and marketing services, including targeted advertisingTo conduct auditing and monitoring of transactions and engagement, including auditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing complianceShort-term, transient use, such as non-personalized advertising shown as part of your current interaction with usHelping to ensure security and integrity and prevent fraudUndertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our services or devices and to improve, upgrade, or enhance themDebugging to identify and repair errorsConducting business analysis, such as analytics, projections, identifying areas for operational improvementConducting research and development, including undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstrationFulfilling our legal functions or obligationsTo the extent we process deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law. We use personal information to provide you with products and services and to operate and improve our business. For example, we use it for: To the extent we process deidentified information, we will maintain and use the information in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information unless permitted by applicable law. How Do We Collect Personal Information? We may obtain and combine personal information from different sources, collected online and offline, including information from third-party sources across different types of technology and devices.Provided Directly by You or a Member of Your HouseholdWhen you visit us in our stores or online, you may share different types of personal information with us when you engage in the activities below:Conduct a transaction in-store or online, or request a service where we collect information (including when required by law, such as alcohol sales or hunting and fishing licenses)Create an account on one of our websites or mobile servicesUse a gift registry or create a mobile shopping listParticipate in our programs, such as Walmart Pay or Walmart+Request customer service or contact usInteract with various types of technologies, applications and features, including our chatbotPost a rating, review or other user-generated content on one of our websites or mobile services, or post a review or comment on one of our social media pagesParticipate in a contest, sweepstake, promotion, or surveyUse features of our websites or mobile services that enable us, with your consent, to access the camera, microphone, or contacts on your computer or mobile device to provide you with functionality, such as voice search, scanning bar codes for online search or mobile scan & go, or importing your mobile contacts. You must give us your permission before we access these features, and you can opt out of providing access to them at any time by adjusting the settings on your device.In addition to the above, we may use your device’s camera to provide virtual services such as eyeglass virtual try-on services and pupillary measurements. To use this feature, either you are at least the legal age of the jurisdiction (e.g., state) in which you reside or you have obtained parental or guardian consent. You (or your parents/guardians) are given the option to consent to the collection and use of your biometric information as described here, or decline use of the service, before we use your device’s camera for this service. If you use this service, your device’s camera (e.g., Apple’s TrueDepth camera) uses facial scanning technology to measure your unique features so we can virtually place eyeglass frames over the image of your face. To do this, we collect your biometric information and disclose it to our authorized service provider for processing. Any biometric data we collect from you will be deleted within 48 hours and will be used solely for the purpose of enabling you to see yourself wearing virtual eyeglass frames.If you use the Walmart shopping voice assistant within the Walmart app, and consent to microphone and speech recognition, Walmart will have access to your microphone when the Walmart app is open and will continually listen for the key words “Hey, Walmart” to wake up your assistant. Walmart does not retain any information prior to recognizing the “Hey, Walmart” utterance, and only uses information collected after hearing that utterance for limited purposes such as providing the service, maintaining the quality or safety of the service, or fulfilling other internal business purposes, or our legal or compliance obligations.Collected Through Automated MeansWe may obtain personal information about you such as device and online identifiers and internet or other network activity information via automated means through your use of technology, such as when you visit our websites or use our mobile applications or services, or click on advertisements or links in emails you receive from us.Also, depending on your device’s settings, we may collect precise geolocation information. You can control our ability to do this by adjusting the location-sharing settings on your mobile device at any time. You also may adjust your mobile device’s Bluetooth settings to disable the sharing of Bluetooth location-related data.Your mobile device’s GPS signal allows us to show you the Walmart stores closest to you. It also lets us know when you are about to arrive to pick up your Online Grocery Pickup order after you check in.We may be able to recognize the location of your mobile device in our stores when you are in a store where we provide free WiFi access or through the use of Bluetooth technology. Through mobile services, Bluetooth technology in our stores allows us to show you nearby products that may interest you, making it easier for you to locate products within, and navigate through, the store. Collected Through In-Store TechnologyWe may collect your personal information from technology we use in our stores. For example, our point-of-sale terminals process your credit card information when you complete your purchase, and we operate in-store cameras for security and operational purposes, such as to help deter theft or improve store design to better serve our customers.Obtained from Other Companies within Our Corporate FamilyWe may obtain your personal information from another company within our corporate family, such as Sam's Club.Obtained from External Third-Party SourcesWe may obtain personal information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of our services, increase the appeal and relevance of advertising, and to prevent or detect fraud. We also may obtain device and browsing information, from third parties for marketing purposes.Collected from Another Solution or AssetFor example, when you speak to customer service, we collect your personal information using call recording technology in accordance with applicable law. We may obtain and combine personal information from different sources, collected online and offline, including information from third-party sources across different types of technology and devices. Provided Directly by You or a Member of Your Household When you visit us in our stores or online, you may share different types of personal information with us when you engage in the activities below: Collected Through Automated Means We may obtain personal information about you such as device and online identifiers and internet or other network activity information via automated means through your use of technology, such as when you visit our websites or use our mobile applications or services, or click on advertisements or links in emails you receive from us. Also, depending on your device’s settings, we may collect precise geolocation information. You can control our ability to do this by adjusting the location-sharing settings on your mobile device at any time. You also may adjust your mobile device’s Bluetooth settings to disable the sharing of Bluetooth location-related data. Collected Through In-Store Technology We may collect your personal information from technology we use in our stores. For example, our point-of-sale terminals process your credit card information when you complete your purchase, and we operate in-store cameras for security and operational purposes, such as to help deter theft or improve store design to better serve our customers. Obtained from Other Companies within Our Corporate Family We may obtain your personal information from another company within our corporate family, such as Sam's Club. Obtained from External Third-Party Sources We may obtain personal information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of our services, increase the appeal and relevance of advertising, and to prevent or detect fraud. We also may obtain device and browsing information, from third parties for marketing purposes. Collected from Another Solution or Asset For example, when you speak to customer service, we collect your personal information using call recording technology in accordance with applicable law. Who Do We Disclose to & Why? We may share the categories of personal information described above with certain categories of third parties, as described below. Within Our Corporate Family of Companies We may disclose your personal information with other companies within our corporate family for them to use in ways that are consistent with this Privacy Notice. Other Companies We may disclose information to the entities listed below, for the reasons described. In circumstances other than those described below, in accordance with applicable law, we will provide specific notice or ask for your affirmative consent. Vendors for Business Operations: We disclose personal information about you to vendors to perform services on our behalf. These vendors include without limitation, shipping vendors, billing and refund vendors, payment card processors, and companies that help us improve our products and services. Walmart Marketplace and Other Direct-to-Customer Companies: We work with a number of companies that provide services directly to you, either through our Marketplace or through co-branded and other promotions. For co-branded programs, we may receive compensation for the co-branded activity. When we share your personal information with these companies, they are prohibited from using it for any purpose other than making their products or services available to you. Advertising, Marketing, and Other Related Technology Partners: We work with various advertising, marketing, and other related technology partners so we can both market our products to you and provide advertising services to other companies. Walmart Suppliers and Other Third Parties: To help make customer shopping experiences more relevant and friction-free, we may offer insights and related services to companies, including our suppliers who provide us with products and services to offer directly to customers both online and in our stores. These insights do not directly identify you and are derived by combining information such as shopping history from many customers. Walmart may receive payment for these insights. Law Enforcement, Courts, and Other Legal or Governmental Bodies We may disclose your personal information when required by law or legal process, or when we believe doing so will help to protect the safety, property, or rights of individuals or Walmart. Examples include: Business Transfers If we plan to merge, sell, or reorganize our business, we may disclose your personal information, along with personal information of other Walmart customers as part of the business arrangement. (This may also include transfers of personal information made as a part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings). We will use reasonable measures to help ensure your information is handled in accordance with this Privacy Notice. How Can You Set Your Preferences? Marketing For marketing communications, we use an: Opt-in standard Opt-out standard You may withdraw your consent if you would like to stop receiving marketing communications. Please communicate your marketing communications requests directly to us or through a third party authorized to act on your behalf by: For email requests, it may take up to ten days for us to process your requests. For requests related to telephone calls, text messages, mobile service notifications, and disclosing information with your consent, it may take up to 30 days. If you adjust your postal mail preferences, it may take six to ten weeks before you stop receiving mail because postal mailings are prepared many weeks in advance. Regardless of your marketing communication preferences, we may still contact you for transactional or informational purposes, such as customer service, reminder or service notices, recalls, or information regarding your orders. Interest-Based Advertising Interest-based ads are optimized for effectiveness based on inferences about you. For more information about interest-based advertising, see the Advertising, Marketing, and Other Related Technology Partners section above. To adjust your preferences for interest-based advertising, follow the instructions below: Opt out of Walmart interest-based ads through your Walmart.com account. Opt out of interest-based ads on your mobile device Opt out of interest-based ads through advertising groups. Our Sites are designed to respond to the Global Privacy Control signal. They will not respond to other types of “do not track” signals. How Can You Access and Update Your Personal Information? You can access or update your personal information as described below. You can also access or update any of the information described in the bullets above by using the Contact Us section below and including, along with your contact details, the information you would like to access or update and any requested changes. Consumers in certain states have additional rights, which are addressed below in the State Privacy Rights section. How Do We Secure Your Personal Information? How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Information? We will keep the personal information we collect about you for as long as necessary to carry out the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice or any other notice provided at the time of data collection, but no longer than as required or permitted under applicable law or internal Walmart policy. We dispose of the personal information we collect in accordance with Walmart’s retention policies and procedures. Biometric Retention Schedule: For Illinois residents, as applicable, Walmart will permanently destroy your biometric identifiers and biometric information when the first of the following occurs: (i) the initial purpose for collecting or obtaining such biometric data has been satisfied; or (ii) within 3 years of your last interaction with us. We will keep the personal information we collect about you for as long as necessary to carry out the purposes set forth in this Privacy Notice or any other notice provided at the time of data collection, but no longer than as required or permitted under applicable law or internal Walmart policy. We dispose of the personal information we collect in accordance with Walmart’s retention policies and procedures. Biometric Retention Schedule: For Illinois residents, as applicable, Walmart will permanently destroy your biometric identifiers and biometric information when the first of the following occurs: (i) the initial purpose for collecting or obtaining such biometric data has been satisfied; or (ii) within 3 years of your last interaction with us. Biometric Retention Schedule: How Does Walmart Protect the Privacy of Children Online? As a general rule, our Sites are designed for a general audience and are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 online. Any Walmart website or mobile service that is directed to children under the age of 13 will explicitly state that it collects information from children. In these instances, a separate privacy notice will be posted detailing the practices specific to those websites or mobile services. Please contact us if you have concerns regarding the potential collection of your child’s information. As a general rule, our Sites are designed for a general audience and are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 online. Any Walmart website or mobile service that is directed to children under the age of 13 will explicitly state that it collects information from children. In these instances, a separate privacy notice will be posted detailing the practices specific to those websites or mobile services. Please contact us if you have concerns regarding the potential collection of your child’s information. Links to Third-Party Services and Features We want to improve your online experience and make it easier to discover new products and services through our Sites. We may provide you with links to other online services (such as websites or social media platforms) and may include third-party features such as apps, tools, widgets, and plug ins. We may not own or control these linked online services or third-party features, and we are not responsible for the information practices of the third parties that have ownership or control over them. In some cases, these third parties operate independently from us, which means their privacy practices are not covered in this Notice. We recommend that you review their privacy statements to learn about these third parties' privacy practices, including details on the personal information they may collect about you. State Privacy Rights California Privacy Rights Colorado Privacy Rights Connecticut Privacy Rights Connecticut residents can exercise the following rights by going to the footer of our website or settings section of our app and selecting the “Request My Personal Information” link: Connecticut residents can exercise the following rights by going to the footer of our website or the settings section of our app and selecting the “Your Privacy Choices” link: Utah Privacy Rights Virginia Privacy Rights Virginia residents can exercise the following rights by going to the footer of our website or settings section of our app and selecting the “Request My Personal Information” link: Virginia residents can exercise the following rights by going to the footer of our website or the settings section of our app and selecting the “Your Privacy Choices” link: How Will I Know if this Privacy Notice Changes? We will provide notice of significant updates, but please check our Privacy Notice periodically for changes. We’ll always post the date our Privacy Notice was last updated at the top of the notice. Contact Us Walmart Corporate Privacy702 SW 8th Street, MS #0160Bentonville, AR 72716-0160 Click Here To Navigate Close Navigation #f2f2f2 WMT © 2023 Walmart Inc. All Rights Reserved.