 These are the terms of service for sr.ht; please read them before using sr.ht. This is for quick reference only, binding terms follow. The "services" are any software, application, product, or service provided by sr.ht. Collectively they are also referred to as the "network". "sr.ht", "we", and "us" refers to sr.ht and its authorized agents. The "user", "you", and "your" refers to any individual or organization which accesses our services. "Content" refers to any content displayed by our services, including but not limited to text, source code, images, data, and so on. "User generated content" refers to content created or uploaded by our users. "Your content" refers to content you created or own. Accounts are only available to users who are 13 years of age or older, or the minimum age for accessing internet services in their country, whichever is older. You must also be a human, accounts registered through automated means are not permitted. Accounts utilized by an automated process are permitted, so long as the initial account registration was manually performed by a human. You are responsible for your account, any activity performed with it, and the security of your account credentials. Your account may be disabled without notice at any time, temporarily or permanently, for any reason. We require an email address to register an account. This email address must be kept up-to-date and we must be able to reach you for official communication at this address. If we are unable to reach you, your account may be terminated. You must obey all local, US, and Dutch laws in the course of using the service. You will not utilize the service to transmit or store content which is unlawful. The following additional types of content are explicitly prohibited: You must not deliberately use the services for the purpose of: You may use automated tools to obtain public information from the services for the purposes of archival or open-access research. You may not use this data for recruiting, solicitation, or profit. When uploading content to SourceHut, you must have the right to do so. You grant SourceHut sufficient rights for the operation of the services in relation to your content, such as the right to display the content on the website. These rights are revoked upon the removal of your content from our services. We may retain your content in our system (e.g. for backups) for up to six weeks, but it will not displayed on our website during this period. If you own the copyright for the content you upload, these rights are granted automatically when you upload the content. If you do not own the copyright, in part or in full, you must have received a license which provides for these rights. You may not upload content for which you do not own the copyright and have not received a suitable license. "Free software" and "open source" licenses (defined respectively by the Free Software Foundation and the Open Source Initiative) provide for these rights, as well as all Creative Commons licenses. Other licenses may or may not provide these rights, and it is your responsibility to check. We may disable or terminate all or part of our services, permanently or temporarily, at any time with or without notice. This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors "as is" and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright holder or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. Some services require payment for service, or for different degrees of service. When you request paid services, you are billed immediately for the displayed term. These services will be remitted to you at the displayed price, which will not change during the payment term. If you authorize us to automatically renew your service at the end of the term, you will be notified at least 1 week in advance of renewal when the price has changed during the previous payment term. No refunds are given for partial service or when you request your services are downgraded. In the event that your services are downgraded, you are billed the reduced price at the start of the next billing term. We may make changes to these terms with no less than 2 weeks notice. Notice of changes to these terms will be sent to the email on file for your account. (read-only) (read/write)