The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. You maintain ownership of your data. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service throttles your use. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. They may stop providing the service at any time. You waive your right to a class action.. You have the right to leave this service at any time. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to USD $10. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The court of law governing the terms is in New York, USA.. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection.. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service is only available to users over a certain age. Business Users are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service.. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes.. Third parties are involved in operating the service. The copyright license that users grant this service is limited to the parties that make up the service's broader platform.. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service