Privacy Policy Download today iPhone Android Last review: 25 October 2023 Wallapop is committed to respecting the privacy of users and the protection and security of your personal data. Therefore, it is very important for us to inform you about the way we collect, treat and protect the personal data provided to us through our website, social networks and application. The use of the Wallapop website and app is not intended for children under the age of 14 and, therefore, they should refrain from providing any personal information. In this regard, Wallapop recommends the use of its website and its application to persons over 18 years of age. To this end, Wallapop reserves the right to check the age of users of its website and its application at any time. Therefore, it is important to inform that Wallapop complies with the data protection regulations of the countries in which we operate, these are Spain, Italy and Portugal, as well as with the European Data Protection Regulation. Because of this, there may be specific amendments referred to in this privacy policy that apply only to users in the countries referred to above and, in some cases, different rules may be established due to applicable local legislation. In the event of a conflict, the specific amendment will prevail. The processing of data is carried out by and on behalf of Wallapop S.L. (hereinafter, “Wallapop”), which collected your data, with registered office at Avenida Meridiana 89, 6th floor, C.P. 08026, Barcelona (Spain), with tax identification number B-66049057. If you wish to contact us to resolve any questions, please write an email to privacidad@wallapop.com. Please note that when through our website or application you make a comment on social networks, the person responsible for the Data you provide through them will be the corresponding social network and not Wallapop, and you must contact said social network to exercise, where appropriate, your data protection rights, which you can consult in the section “What are your personal data protection rights” of this Privacy Policy.  Wallapop collects and processes personal data both from users who have registered on our website and on our application, as well as users who, without having registered, browse or consult them. Wallapop obtains and uses the IP data and other identifiers provided by the device from which you browse our website or application, as well as the Data you provide when registering as a Wallapop “User”, alongside the Data obtained as a result of your browsing, requests, publications, conversations, searches, purchases, ratings from other users, participation in competitions and the Data derived, where appropriate, from the linking of your registration on our website or application with your Facebook or Google account. Additionally, if you give us your consent, Wallapop will also process the location of your device to inform you of the items that are closest to you, thus allowing you to enjoy our services in a complete way. The categories of Data we collect depend on your activity and interaction with Wallapop through the website, app and social media. Also, Wallapop will only collect personal data that is necessary for the purposes we carry out. For this reason, it is important that we explain how and what kind of data we collect: : In the event that you have not registered on our website and/or in our application, Wallapop will process the IP of your device for the following purposes: In the event that you have registered on our website and/or in our application, the purposes for which we will treat your Personal Data are: In general, when you unsubscribe as a registered user of Wallapop, all the information about you will be deleted. However, Wallapop will keep purely statistical data on the use of its resources and tools by users. In order to fulfill the purposes indicated in this privacy policy, it is necessary for us to provide access to your personal data and to third parties that support us in the services we offer you, among which are: financial entities, tax and fraud prevention entities, government agencies, technology service providers, transport and logistics service providers and partners, marketing and advertising companies, and customer service and complaint or claim management companies. In this regard, we only select service providers that offer adequate guarantees through internal processes defined by both Wallapop’s legal and privacy departments, guaranteeing at all times the transparency and privacy of your personal data. Under no circumstances does Wallapop share user data with third party companies, inside or outside the European Union, for purposes other than the provision of the service without your explicit consent and without having complied with the right of information. In addition to the above, you should be aware that, whether you are a Professional User or a Consumer User, certain identification and contact data may be accessible and visible to other Users in specific situations of use of the platform (for example, if you open a chat with a potential seller, he/she may see your username or if you close a sale through the platform using the Wallapop shipping service, the seller may have access to your name and address in order to carry out the shipping). For reasons of availability or efficiency of the service, some of our suppliers are located in territories outside the European Economic Area that cannot provide a level of data protection comparable to that of the European Union, such as the United States. In such cases, we inform you that we transfer your data with appropriate safeguards and always keep your data secure: For any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or how Wallapop collects and uses your Data, you may also contact our office, and email: privacidad@wallapop.com This Privacy Policy was last updated in October 2023. We will inform you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy. We may change the information contained in this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do so, we will notify you in various ways through the App (for example, through a banner, a pop-up or a push notification), or we will even notify you at your email address when the change in question is significant to your privacy, so that you can review the changes, assess them and, if appropriate, object or unsubscribe to any service or functionality. In any case, we suggest that you review this Privacy Policy from time to time in case there are minor changes or we introduce any interactive improvements, taking advantage of the fact that you will always find it as a permanent point of information on our Web and our App. Copyright © 2023 Wallapop © de sus respectivos propietarios