Wallapop Wallapop Legal terms and Conditions Download today Apple iPhone Android Android Log In EN ES EN IT PT-PT Wallapop Wallapop Legal terms and Conditions Wallapop Wallapop Legal terms and Conditions Download today Apple iPhone Android Android Log In EN ES EN IT PT-PT Download today Apple iPhone Android Android Download today iPhone Android Log In EN ES EN IT PT-PT ES EN IT PT-PT ES EN IT PT-PT EN ES EN IT PT-PT Log In We have updated our Terms and Conditions so you have a better experience using Wallapop: we have improved the information provided to Users, and we have clarified the information regarding “Wallapop Protection”. Wallapop Terms and Conditions of Use Last revision: 13 September 2023 Thanks for using Wallapop. Right now you are in a very important space: our Terms and Conditions of Use which, together with the special conditions, Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy, Legal Notice, and current regulations, regulate our relationship. We don’t expect you to find it fun, but at least intelligible, useful, practical, and complete. At Wallapop, we strive to help our community understand the legal conditions that establish the rules of our relationship, while acknowledging the increasing complexity of the applicable laws. These Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms and Conditions“) define the conditions under which users may access Wallapop’s websites, services, and applications (the “Service“). Use of the Service confers the status of User (the “User“) and implies full acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with all or part of these Terms and Conditions, do not install and/or use the Service. By accepting these Terms and Conditions, you express: That you have read, understood and comprehended what is set forth herein. That you assume all the obligations and know your rights as set forth herein and those established by the applicable regulations. That you are of legal age and have sufficient legal capacity to use the Service. The acceptance of these Terms and Conditions by the User is an essential step prior to use of the Service. Wallapop reserves the right to update and/or modify the Terms and Conditions at any time and for any reason in its sole discretion. Wallapop will notify Users of any material changes to the Terms and Conditions or the Service. By accessing or using the Services after Wallapop has notified the User of a modification or update, the User agrees to be bound by the modified Terms and Conditions. If the modified Terms and Conditions are not acceptable to the User, the User must cease using the Services. 1.- Definitions “Items“: products/items that Users advertise in the Catalog for sale. “Catalog“: electronic catalog of Items that Sellers have advertised for sale through the Website. The Catalog has different sections for each category of Items. “Buyer“: any User who purchases or wishes to purchase one or more Items on the Website. “Contents of the Service“: protected works, services, and any content or elements to which intellectual and industrial property rights pertain that are used in the Service. This includes, but is not limited to, text, photographs, graphics, images, icons, technology, software, databases, and other audiovisual or sound content, as well as their graphic design and the source codes used in the Service. “User Content“: the protected works, services, and any other elements protected by intellectual or industrial property laws that the User incorporates in the Service. “Consumer Regulations” or “TRLGDCU“: Royal Legislative Decree 1/2007, of November 16, 2007, approving the revised text of the General Law for the Protection of Consumers and Users and other supplementary laws. “Service“: access to and use of the Website services. “Subscription Services“: services comprised of a series of specific benefits that vary according to the chosen subscription. You can learn more about the types of subscriptions here. “Visibility Services“: services that increase the visibility of ads uploaded by the User on Wallapop. You can find more information here. “Interlinked Sites“: other internet pages and portals accessible via links, directories, and search tools. “Website“: the Wallapop website, applications, and any other means of accessing the Wallapop platform. This includes the Services and all content, tools, features, and functionalities offered on or through the platform. “Terms and Conditions“: the Terms and Conditions of Use included in this text and available here. “User“: any person who has created an account on the Website. You can be a Consumer User or a Professional User. “Consumer User“: Wallapop User acting for a purpose outside his or her trade, business, craft, or profession, including legal persons and unincorporated entities acting on a non-profit basis outside a trade or business. “Professional User“: any natural person acting within the framework of a commercial or professional activity, or any legal entity (e.g., a company, foundation, or association) offering goods or services to Consumer Users via our platform for purposes related to their trade, business, craft, or profession. These users are identified on the platform under the term “Business Account,” which appears on their Wallapop profile. “Seller“: any User who sells one or more Items on the Website. 2.- Introduction 2.1.- Service Holder The owner and proprietor of the Service is Wallapop, S.L. (“Wallapop“), with registered offices at Avenida Meridiana 89, 6ª planta, C.P. 08026, Barcelona (Spain), with tax identification number B-66049057, incorporated on May 23, 2013 before the Notary Public Mr. Rafael de Córdoba Benedito, and registered in the Barcelona Mercantile Registry, Volume 46767, Folio 149, Page B-438613, 1st Inscription. 2.2.- The Service Wallapop is an online marketplace provider that offers an electronic community platform where Users can post ads, access these ads and their contents, and have the opportunity to make purchases and sales. Wallapop solely offers a space for community interaction. Wallapop does not under any circumstances sell or buy goods, nor does it provide the services advertised. Wallapop is basically an ad publication service that connects advertisers and interested parties so that they can conduct transactions, when possible, involving the goods and services offered on Wallapop. 2.3.- Registration requirement In order to use the Service, the User must first register and accept these Terms and Conditions, the special conditions mentioned, and the Privacy Policy. You must also decide whether or not to accept the use of nonessential Cookies. The data you enter must be accurate, current, and truthful. As a registered User, you are responsible at all times for the safekeeping of your password, thus assuming any damages that might arise from its misuse, transfer, disclosure, or loss. You must immediately inform Wallapop if you have reason to believe that your password has been or is likely to be used in an unauthorized manner. Under no circumstances is Wallapop responsible for the safekeeping and use of User accounts. 3.- Service terms of use 3.1.- The User agrees to use the Service in compliance with the law, moral standards, public order, and these Terms and Conditions. The User also agrees to make appropriate use of the Service and not use it for illegal or criminal activities that infringe on the rights of third parties or violate any rule of law. 3.2.- The User agrees not to transmit, introduce, disseminate, and/or make available to third parties any type of material or information (products, objects, data, content, messages, drawings, sound and image files, photographs, software, etc.) that violates the law, moral standards, public order, or these Terms and Conditions. These restrictions on User behavior include, but are not limited to, the following: Users may not introduce or disseminate content or propaganda that is racist, xenophobic or pornographic; promotes terrorism or armed conflict; incites hatred or violates human rights. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content that violates the fundamental rights and public freedoms recognized in the Constitution and in international treaties. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content that constitutes unlawful or unfair advertising. Users may not transmit unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas (such as commercial spaces) that have been exclusively designed for that purpose. Users may not introduce or disseminate any false, misleading, ambiguous, or inaccurate information or content in a way that misleads or is likely to mislead the recipients of the information. Users may not impersonate other Users of the Service or transmit account access data or passwords to a third party without Wallapop’s consent. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content without the authorization of the holders of the intellectual and industrial property rights that may apply to such information, elements, or content. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content that entails a violation of communications privacy and personal data legislation. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties photographs or any representations or images of minors. Users may not publish ads for: products that require a prescription or that must be dispensed under the supervision of a medical professional (doctor, dentist, optometrist, optician, pharmacist, or veterinarian); any product that may impact a person’s health (due to contraindications, interactions, etc.); perishables of any kind. Users must have the appropriate health care license in order to publish ads related to any health care activity (the association membership number or facility license number must be submitted). Users must not create ratings for transactions that have not been carried out. Users must not make repeated false or incorrect reports. Users must use Wallapop’s Services correctly. For example, User accounts may not be created to take advantage of shipping service promotions or to avoid paying for professional subscriptions. Users may not systematically extract or reuse part or all of the content of Wallapop’s Services without our express written consent. In particular, the use of search and data mining tools or robots for the extraction (whether on one or several occasions) of substantial parts of Wallapop’s Services for reuse is not permitted without our express written consent. 3.3.- The User agrees to indemnify Wallapop against any possible claim, fine, penalty, or sanction the User may be obliged to bear as a consequence of the User’s non-compliance with any of the above-mentioned rules of use, and Wallapop reserves the right to seek compensation for any corresponding damages. 4.- Responsibility 4.1.- Wallapop is a company that solely acts as an intermediary between the Seller and the Buyer. Therefore, Wallapop does not own any of the Items for sale or sold through its platform and is not a party to the sales and purchase transactions carried out exclusively between Buyers and Sellers, nor does it review or validate the Items that Users offer through the Service. Consequently, Wallapop shall not be directly, indirectly, or subsidiarily liable for damages of any nature arising from the use and contracting of the content and activities offered by Users and/or third parties through the Service, nor for their lack of legality, reliability, usefulness, truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, or timeliness. Wallapop acts solely as an online marketplace provider and under no circumstances forms part of the contractual relationship that may occur between the Seller and the Buyer. Accordingly, the Users bear full responsibility for complying with any tax obligations arising from transactions carried out through the platform. In particular, it is the responsibility of Professional Users carrying out business or professional activity as Sellers of products and/or services on Wallapop to issue and forward invoices to Users who purchase goods, as well as to comply with the tax obligations arising from such transactions. Under no circumstances shall it be understood that Wallapop acts or operates as a merchant or (re)seller of the goods and/or services marketed through its platform. 4.2.- Wallapop therefore shall not be liable for damages of any nature arising from instances including, but not limited to, the following: The manner in which Users utilize the Service, and the state, origin, and possible inaccuracy or falsehood of data provided by the Users or Items offered through the Service. The contents, information, opinions, and statements of any User, third party or entity that are communicated or displayed through the Service (including the sending of images via chat). The manner in which Users utilize the Service’s materials, whether these be prohibited or permitted, in violation of intellectual and/or industrial property rights, confidential information, of the contents of the Service, or of third parties. The performance of acts of unfair competition and unlawful advertising. The possible loss of Users’ data due to causes not attributable to the Service. Access by minors to the contents included in the Service. The unavailability, errors, access failures, or lack of continuity of the Service. Failures or incidents that may occur in communications, deletion, or incomplete transmissions. Non-operability or issues with the email address provided by the User. 4.3.- Wallapop shall be solely and exclusively liable to the User for the Services it provides directly to the User (Visibility Service and Subscription Service). 4.4.- Users must comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations when using the Website. 4.5.- Wallapop reserves the right to block the accounts of Users by temporarily or permanently restricting access to the Service to any User who violates any of the rules set forth in these Terms and Conditions, the law, moral standards, or public order. For example, in Portugal, in accordance with Article 80-A of the Value Added Tax Code, Wallapop reserves the right to freeze the activity of platform Users by blocking their accounts if they do not comply with their tax obligations and have not rectified their situation by providing the appropriate supporting documentation to Wallapop. 4.6.- Users are fully responsible for all the information they publish, include in, or transmit through the Website, as well as for the Items they offer, sell, or transfer to other Users. By accepting these Terms and Conditions, Users acknowledge and agree that they are fully responsible for any Item or ad uploaded to the platform, the information provided via the description, photographs, and statements made to buyers or other Users, and the accuracy of other details provided. In addition, Users are exclusively responsible for transactions made with other Users and any resulting disputes. 4.7.- Consumer Users are informed that some advertisers who offer goods and services on Wallapop are considered to be businesspeople, and are thus categorized as Professional Users. You can identify these Professional Users by checking their profiles and verifying that they include the designation “Business Account.” This is relevant because sales and purchases made through Wallapop with Professional Users must comply with Royal Legislative Decree 1/2007, November 16, 2007, which approves the revised text of the General Law for the Protection of Consumers and Users and other supplementary laws (“Consumer Regulations” or “TRLGDCU“). Professional Users must bear in mind when carrying out transactions with Consumer Users the applicable Consumer Regulations and all the rights and obligations therein. For example, Professional Users are responsible for informing Buyers of and managing their right of withdrawal. 4.8.- Consumer Users are informed that those Users who are not identified as “Professional Users” also have the status of Consumer Users. Consequently, Consumer Regulations do not apply in transactions in which the Seller is a Consumer, but the purchase and sale are be governed by the provisions of the Spanish Civil Code. 4.9.- Consumer Users are informed that, in case of discrepancy or conflict with Wallapop when using the platform or any of the contracted Services, you can contact Wallapop using this form. In the event that the dispute persists or the User is not satisfied with the response offered by Wallapop, the User may resort to alternative means of dispute resolution such as, for example, the European Online Dispute Resolution platform, accessible via the following link. 5.- Content and services linked via the Service 5.1.- The Service may include links, directories, and even search tools that allow the User to access other websites and portals (“Linked Sites“). 5.2.- The User acknowledges and solely accepts the risk and responsibility entailed in accessing Linked Sites, absolving Wallapop of any liability for possible infringement of the intellectual or industrial property rights of the owners of the Linked Sites. The User also absolves Wallapop of any liability for the technical availability of the Linked Sites, as well as the quality, reliability, accuracy and/or veracity of the services, information, elements and/or content to which the User may have access. 5.3.- In such cases, Wallapop shall only be responsible for the content and services provided on the Linked Sites to the extent that it has actual knowledge of the unlawfulness and has not deactivated the link with due diligence. If the User believes that there is a Linked Site with unlawful or inappropriate content, the User may inform Wallapop, without this communication in any case entailing the obligation to remove the corresponding link. 5.4.- Under no circumstances should the existence of Linked Sites presuppose the formalization of agreements with the owners or those responsible for the sites, nor the recommendation, promotion, or identification of Wallapop with the statements, content, or services provided. Wallapop is not aware of the content and services of the Linked Sites and, therefore, is not directly or indirectly liable for damages caused by the unlawfulness, quality, obsoleteness, unavailability, incorrectness, or uselessness of the content and/or services of the Linked Sites, or any other damages that are not directly attributable to Wallapop. 6.- Intellectual and industrial property 6.1.- The industrial and intellectual property rights connected with the protected works, services, and any content or elements to which intellectual and industrial property rights pertain that are used in the Service (the “Contents of the Service“) belong to their legitimate owners. The User shall not acquire by the use of the Service any intellectual or industrial property right, nor any license of use whatsoever, for such elements. 6.2.- The Contents of the Service include, but are not limited to, the texts, photographs, graphics, images, icons, technology, software, databases, other audiovisual or sound content, and the graphic design and source codes used in the Service. 6.3.- The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files, software, and appearance of the Wallapop Website are protected by intellectual and industrial property rights. These elements may not be validly and legitimately copied or distributed for commercial use, nor may they be modified or inserted into other websites without the prior express authorization of their owners. 6.4.- The User declares exclusive ownership of all rights pertaining to protected works, services, and any other elements included in the Service that are protected by intellectual or industrial property laws (the “User’s Content“). 6.5.- The User assigns to Wallapop, free of charge and exclusively, the global rights of public communication, reproduction, distribution and transformation of the User’s Content, in all forms of exploitation existing on the date of acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, for the entire duration of the rights assigned. 6.6.- Wallapop does not represent or have any business relationship with the brands that Users may advertise on the Service. 7.- Publication of ads 7.1.- The User may not publish ads violating the law, moral standards, public order, and these Terms and Conditions (for example, the rules of use of the Service included in Section 3 of these terms). Users must take into account the following non-exhaustive list of considerations when publishing their ads: Ads with images of sexual content may not be published. Ads related to sex, eroticism, fetishism, massages and companionship or friendship services may not be published. Multi-level marketing schemes and similar arrangements may not be advertised. Only one property may be advertised per ad. In such cases, the property must be advertised in the area in which it is located. Publishing images or descriptions that do not correspond to the Item actually offered is prohibited. Publishing images of minors is prohibited. Publishing ads related to animals is prohibited. For some categories, a limited number of products can be published for free. 7.2.- Users must always take into consideration the publication rules when publishing ads. Wallapop reserves the right to remove any ad violating the above rules. 7.3.- Users interested in purchasing a product must take into account that when they agree to purchase an Item for an established price, they are entering into a contract of sale with another User. Likewise, Users must take into account that when purchasing an Item, they will be subject to the Tax on Property Transfer and Legal Documents (“ITPAJD“), according to TPO provisions, being obliged to hold Wallapop completely harmless in the event of not complying with said obligation. 7.4.- Users who publish a rental ad in some municipalities in Catalonia must include the Reference Price Index as required by “Law 11/2020, September 18, on urgent measures to control rental costs in housing leases in Catalonia,” which came into force in September 2020. Wallapop is held fully harmless in case of non-compliance with this obligation. 7.5. You can read more information on how to publish ads here, and read about the operation of the platform in greater detail by consulting the sections “Searching and finding what you want,” “Now that you have found what you want” and “How to sell on Wallapop.” 7.6.- Users are exclusively responsible for ads and Wallapop is not responsible for their content. Wallapop does not monitor the ads that are published. However, Wallapop may delete those ads that violate these Terms and Conditions or the law, either upon complaint by other Users or on Wallapop’s own initiative, if non-compliance is detected. 8.- Information on the search results ranking parameters for ads 8.1.- When a User performs a search, the ads that are included in the search results are classified and displayed based on various criteria. The main factors that determine the search results are outlined below: The search filters provided by Wallapop (category, price, type of garment in the case of clothing, geographic location provided by the advertiser, brands, gender, product condition, and other filters that may facilitate the User’s search). If a User advertiser has contracted Subscription Services or Visibility Services, their ads receive greater visibility. The ad publication date (the date the ad was created) is also relevant. The geographic location for which the ad has been activated. The interests of the User performing the search based on previous searches on the platform. The details of the ad, text, images, etc. The criteria that most influence the ranking of ads and their visibility are the Subscription Services and the Visibility Services, which are paid. The specific characteristics of these Services can be found in sections 10 and 11 of these Terms and Conditions. It should be clear that the criteria that most influence the visibility of ads are those services where the user pays for a special publication service. 9.- Filtering ads and User reviews 9.1.- Unless specifically required by law, Wallapop is not under any general obligation to monitor ads or information posted by Users, or to actively seek facts or circumstances that indicate the existence of illegal activities. Accordingly, Wallapop does not play an active role in the agreement or contract between users that grants it knowledge of such information or control over it. Likewise, Wallapop’s filtering, management of the removal of ads, and review and removal of User profiles that do not comply with current regulations or the Terms and Conditions do not imply that it is to be held responsible for the content posted by Users or any other actions of its Users. 9.2.- Once a transaction has been carried out between Users, they will have the opportunity to post a review or assessment of how the transaction went. This assessment may be performed reciprocally, i.e., assessing both the Seller and the Buyer. 9.3.- Users must evaluate other Users completely objectively and truthfully, without using offensive remarks or insults, or showing disrespect. 9.4.- The ratings that appear in each User’s profile are posted by other Users. Wallapop does not control or moderate the content of these reviews, so their content is entirely the responsibility of the Users. Despite the quality processes implemented at Wallapop, we cannot guarantee that the published reviews have been made by Users who have actually used or purchased the goods or services. 9.5.- Wallapop reserves the right to delete any reviews that are false, disrespectful, denigrating and, in general, contrary to good faith, the law, or these Terms and Conditions. Users may inform Wallapop of any suspicions of a fraudulent purchase through the tools available on the Website. 10.- Visibility Service 10.1.- Users may increase the visibility of their ads on Wallapop by contracting Visibility Services. These are optional services that Users may use to improve the positioning of the advertised Items. 10.2.- Featured ads are offered by Wallapop to give ads more visibility on the wall. You can learn about the different types of featured ads here. 10.3.- It is not possible to remove, move, or change the type or duration of a highlight that has already been applied to an ad, regardless of whether the ad is removed by our moderation team or is affected by a technical issue. 10.4.- If a featured ad is deleted or marked as sold and the contracted period has not yet ended, the excess visibility time will be lost. 10.5.- If the Item is sold using Wallapop’s shipping service, the ad will be marked as sold automatically when the package is delivered to the Buyer so that if the contracted period had not yet ended, the excess visibility time will be lost. 10.6.- To request an invoice for the purchase of Visibility Services, Users can find more information at the following link: Request Invoice. In order to process this request, Wallapop will need the applicant’s tax identification information, which is required for the invoice. 10.7.- The prices and durations of the available highlights may vary as they depend on several factors, such as the type of Item being promoted, its popularity, or the area in which you want to promote it. If Wallapop makes significant changes in the operation of the highlights, you will be notified in advance so that you can change the contracted service or terminate the contract. 10.8.- Users are always informed about the chosen Visibility Service before finalizing the purchase. 10.9.- Visibility Services that have been applied to an ad or a profile cannot be refunded regardless of the publication status of the ad or whether the profile is active or inactive. 10.10.- In case of failure in the application of a Visibility Service contracted through the Website due to a technical incident, the User shall be entitled to terminate the Visibility Service contract with the right to reimbursement of the purchase cost. In this regard, the deadline for requesting reimbursement is 14 calendar days from the purchase of the highlight. Similarly, in the event that Wallapop, due to any technical incident, does not effectively activate the Visibility Service contracted by the User within 7 calendar days, the User may request the termination of the contract for the provision of such service and, consequently, obtain a refund of the purchase cost. Wallapop will reimburse the User within a maximum of 14 calendar days. You can report both the incident and your desire to terminate the contract using the following form. 10.11.- Wallapop may charge for editing or reactivating an ad in certain versions of the app or the website. In these instances, the User will always be duly informed of the cost of the service before confirming the purchase. The User will always have the option to refuse the service at no cost. 10.12.- If the location of a profile is changed, the ads featured prior to the making of the change will appear on the wall for the new area but will remain in the carousel (the section in the app that shows a selection of Items) and in the collection of featured ads for the location specified when the service was contracted. 10.13.- The purchase of Visibility Services does not exempt the User from compliance with Wallapop’s publication rules. 10.14.- The prices for the Visibility Service include a 21% Value Added Tax. In those cases in which this tax rate is not applicable under the tax localization rules established in the Value Added Tax Law 37/1992 of December 28, 1992, Wallapop agrees to adjust the tax rate. 10.15.- Please be aware that the exercise of the right of withdrawal is not applicable to purchase of the Visibility Service. This is due to the nature of this service, which is activated automatically. 10.16.- Our payment solutions for visibility are provided by Mangopay, S.A., a limited liability company incorporated under Luxembourg law with registered offices located at 2, Avenue Amélie, L-1125 Luxembourg that is registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B173459 (“Mangopay“). Mangopay is an electronic money institution authorized and regulated by the Luxembourg financial sector supervisory body (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier). Mangopay processes payments made within our platform and stores information related to credit cards, debit cards, PayPal, and any other payment method supported by Wallapop for this type of transaction. 10.17.- This service is currently only available in Spain. For more information on Visibility Services, please click here. 11.- Subscription Service 11.1.- Wallapop’s Subscription Service offers Users who subscribe to it a series of specific benefits that vary depending on the subscription chosen. You can learn more about the types of subscriptions here. 11.2.- Subscriptions are automatically renewed until canceled for an additional period equivalent to the period agreed upon when subscribing. Subscriptions may be canceled at any time, but the cancellation becomes effective at the end of the previously contracted period. 11.3.- Likewise, Users may change their subscription at any time to suit their needs. 11.4.- Unsubscribing from Wallapop or deleting the Wallapop app from your device does not imply the cancellation of your subscription, which you must continue to pay for. Remember to cancel your subscription before deleting your account or deleting the app. 11.5.- In the event that a profile is deactivated by Wallapop due to a breach of the publication rules or the Terms and Conditions, the User will receive a notification at the email address associated with the deactivated profile. 11.6.- If you are a consumer who has contracted a Subscription Service, you have a period of 14 days from the date of payment of the subscription to exercise your right of withdrawal, as long as the activation period of the subscription has not begun. Accordingly, you may exercise this right as long as you do so before the service is activated. Remember that when you select the subscription you will be informed of this date, which will allow you to calculate the deadline for exercising this right. To exercise your right, just send a written statement using the following form within the time frame indicated above. If you would like to exercise this right, a standardized form can be found below. Form for exercising the right of withdrawal (this form must be completed and submitted only if you wish to withdraw from the contract) – Attn: (insert the name of the business, its full address, and its email address): – I/We hereby give notice (*) that I/we withdraw from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods/provision of the following service (*) before the court of the place where the User is domiciled – Ordered on/received on (*) – Name(s) of consumer(s) and user(s) – Address(es) of consumer(s) and user(s) – Signature of the consumer(s) and user(s) (only if this form is submitted on paper) – Date 11.7.- In case of failure in the application of a Subscription Service contracted through the Website due to a technical incident, the User shall be entitled to terminate the subscription contract with the right to reimbursement of the purchase cost. In this regard, the deadline for requesting reimbursement is 14 calendar days from the purchase of the subscription. Similarly, in the event that Wallapop, due to any technical incident, does not effectively activate the Subscription contracted by the User within 7 calendar days of the date the Subscription was scheduled to begin, the User may request the termination of the contract for the provision of the service and, consequently, obtain a refund of the purchase cost. Wallapop will reimburse the User within a maximum of 14 calendar days. Likewise, in the event that the user wishes to maintain the subscription despite the delay in its commencement, the date on which the subscription was actually activated shall be considered the valid subscription duration date. You can report both the incident and your desire to terminate the contract using the following form. 11.8.- Wallapop reserves the right to modify its Subscription Services at any time. Users will be notified and will have the right to change or cancel their subscriptions before the changes take place. 11.9.- Users who wish to request an invoice for the purchase of Subscription Services can find more information at the following link: Request Invoice. In order to process this request, Wallapop will need the applicant’s tax identification information, which is required for the invoice. 11.10.- The prices for the Subscription Service include a 21% Value Added Tax. In those cases in which this tax rate is not applicable under the tax localization rules established in the Value Added Tax Law 37/1992 of December 28, 1992, Wallapop agrees to adjust the tax rate. 11.11.- This service is currently only available in Spain. For more information on our Subscription Service, please click here. 11.12.- Payment Platform for the Subscription Service Wallapop does not provide electronic payment services, nor does it intermediate in their provision. In order to use the Subscription Service on our platform, you must enter into an agreement with the platform Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd, with registered offices at 1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Dublin (Ireland) (“Stripe“). Stripe manages payment services through the regulated entity of its group Stripe Technology Europe, Limited, an electronic money institution authorized and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland with registered offices at 1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Dublin (Ireland) and with identification number C187865. To contract Wallapop’s Subscription Service you must register as a user with Stripe, reading and accepting the terms and conditions, privacy policy, and other relevant legal texts accessible via its website. By accessing and purchasing any of Wallapop’s Subscription Services, you confirm that you have carefully read, understood, and agreed to the terms and conditions of use and privacy policies of Wallapop and Stripe. 12.- Payment methods 12.1.- Below, we explain how you can pay for the Items you purchase through Wallapop. Our payment methods can be used for both face-to-face transactions and remote transactions where the Wallapop shipping service has been used (with the exception of payment through PayPal, which is currently only available when using the shipping service). 12.2.- Our payment solutions for remote and face-to-face transactions are provided by by Mangopay, S.A., a limited liability company incorporated under Luxembourg law with registered offices located at 2, Avenue Amélie, L-1125 Luxembourg that is registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B173459 (“Mangopay“). Mangopay is an electronic money institution authorized and regulated by the Luxembourg financial sector supervisory body (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier). 12.3.- Mangopay processes payments made within our platform and stores information related to credit cards, debit cards, PayPal, and any other payment method supported by Wallapop for this type of transaction. 12.4.- Wallapop does not provide electronic payment services nor does it intermediate in their provision. By accessing and making any payment transaction on Wallapop using the integrated payment services of Mangopay, you confirm that you have carefully read, understood, and accepted Mangopay’s Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy, and other legal texts, as well as those of Wallapop. 12.5.- Any claim or dispute that may arise in connection with the payment services provided by Mangopay should be handled through our customer service office. 12.6.- Below, we present detailed information on the payment methods available to you for transactions made on Wallapop. The payment methods available on Wallapop are as follows: Debit or credit cards: you can pay for articles you want to buy using a credit or debit card. If there are suspicions that the credit or debit card is not yours, you may be asked for more information to verify that the card or payment method belongs to you. PayPal: you can also use PayPal to purchase articles you are interested in on Wallapop. For more information about using PayPal on Wallapop, please click here. Wallet: the wallet is one of the payment methods supported by Wallapop. It is an easy and secure way for Users to manage money from the transactions they make via Wallapop. If you want to buy a product and your e-wallet has money, the balance will be used automatically on a preferential basis. If you do not have enough money in your wallet to purchase the product you are interested in, you can cover the rest of the price using other payment methods that are available depending on the type of transaction. For more information about the Wallet, please click here. We do not accept cash on delivery or prepaid or virtual cards. You can also make mixed payments using both the wallet and your card. If you have money in your wallet, you can pay with the total balance available and use your card to cover the remainder. At the time of payment, you can choose the payment option you prefer. For more information about payments, please click here. 13.- Wallapop’s shipping service 13.1.- Wallapop has an integrated shipping service. This shipping service allows you to ship Items securely. Shipments are made with different transport providers depending on the type of shipment and/or service. Wallapop will not be in any case the provider of the shipping service, and therefore does not participate in the contractual relationship between Users and said provider. 13.2.- In order to use this service, it is essential that the entire transaction is completed via Wallapop and that the Item to be purchased complies with our publication rules. 13.3.- The specific price established by the carriers will be indicated to the User when the Item is purchased. The prices for the shipping service include a Value Added Tax of 21%. In those cases in which the tax rate is not applicable under the tax localization rules established in the Value Added Tax Law 37/1992 of December 28, 1992, Wallapop agrees to adjust the tax rate. 13.4.- For more information about the specific conditions of Wallapop’s shipping service, please click here. 13.5.- Payment platform Payments on the platform are made via Mangopay, which provides secure payments and collections between Users on the internet. See “Section 12. Payment Methods” above for more information. 13.6.- Wallapop Protection 13.6.1.- Content of the Wallapop Protection By using the Wallapop shipping service, Users benefit from the “Wallapop Protection” service, which includes: 1) The possibility for the Buyer to request a refund in the event that the Buyer indicates, within 48 hours of delivery as notified by the carrier, that the Item is damaged or does not match the description and/or photographs provided by the Seller. For this purpose, Wallapop will withhold the price paid by the Buyer until the Buyer proceeds to confirm that the Item is correct within the deadline. Once the Buyer has provided his confirmation or the maximum period specified above has elapsed, the Seller will receive the money relating to the price of the Item in his wallet. Buyer is hereby informed that: You have a maximum period of 48 hours from the delivery notified by the carrier to be able to state whether or not the item is correct. Any claim made after this maximum period will be rejected. In the case of stating that the Item is correct, the Buyer will automatically lose the possibility of requesting a refund through Wallapop Protection. The process to follow for the reimbursement request is detailed in section 13.6.3 of these Terms and Conditions. 2) In case of loss or damage in transport, depending on the case, compensation of the sales amount to the Seller and reimbursement to the Buyer. The compensation to the Seller and/or reimbursement to the Buyer may be total or partial depending on the damage suffered by the Item. Users can find the procedures to follow in the event that the Item has been lost or damaged during shipment: In the event that the Item has been lost during shipment, please follow the instructions indicated here In the event that the Item has been damaged during shipment, the instructions listed here should be followed. 3) Support to Users by the Wallapop Support Team, which will assist Users with problems in transactions and/or delivery of Items. Both the Buyer and the Seller are informed that “Wallapop Protection”: It is a service offered by Wallapop as part of the shipping service of Items purchased through the platform and does not constitute, in any case, an insurance. It does not constitute or replace, in any way, any legal right or warranty that Buyer may have under applicable law. 13.6.2.- Cost of Protection Wallapop The Buyer must pay, on a mandatory basis, the cost of “Wallapop Protection” in case he/she wants to use the shipping service. You can get more information about the associated cost here. 13.6.3.- Process for claiming reimbursement under Wallapop Protection If the Item received does not conform to Seller’s agreement, Buyer may proceed to open a dispute by following the steps outlined here. Buyer is hereby informed that: You will not be able to initiate a dispute process if the period of 48h has elapsed since the notified delivery of the Item by the carrier. Once this period has elapsed, the amount of the sale will be released to the Seller. Nor may you initiate a dispute process if you have already stated that the Article was correct. You must keep the original packaging of the Item received, including the label printed by the carrier. Buyer must provide evidence to substantiate the reason for the return by (i) providing details of what happened and (ii) attaching photographs or videos of the Item received to substantiate that the Item is damaged or does not match the description and/or photographs provided by Seller. Once the dispute has been initiated, Seller may: 1) Accept the return. In this case, the Buyer must return the Item (in the same condition in which it was received) to the Seller following the steps detailed here. Buyer has a maximum of 10 calendar days to deliver the Item to the nearest transportation office or delivery point indicated to Buyer. Once this period has elapsed, the dispute will be cancelled and payment will be made to the Seller. Once the carrier notifies the Seller that the shipment has been delivered or made available, the reimbursement order will automatically be executed for the Buyer. The Buyer is obliged to return the Item complete and in the same condition in which it was received. Wallapop reserves the option to take any action deemed necessary in the event that the Buyer fails to comply with this obligation. 2) Do not accept the return and escalate the dispute to the Wallapop Support Team. In the event that the Seller does not accept the return, the dispute will be escalated to the Wallapop Support Team. Upon refusal to accept the return, the Seller may state the reasons for the rejection of the request, as well as provide such information as it deems relevant to the resolution of the dispute. The Wallapop Support Team will evaluate the case, taking into consideration (i) the information provided by both parties and (ii) the Wallapop Return Policy available here, and will make a decision on the case. a) In the event that, as a result of the dispute, it is determined that the Item is damaged (provided such damage is not attributable to the carrier) or does not match the description and/or photographs provided by Seller, Buyer shall return the Item (as received) to Seller following the steps outlined Buyer has a maximum of 10 calendar days to deliver the Item to the nearest transportation office or delivery point. After this period, the dispute will be cancelled and payment will be made to the Seller. Once the carrier notifies the Seller that the shipment has been delivered or made available, the reimbursement order will automatically be executed for the Buyer. The Buyer is obliged to return the Item complete and in the same condition in which it was received. Wallapop reserves the option to take any action it deems necessary in the event that the Buyer fails to comply with this obligation. The Buyer is informed that, depending on the case, it may also be decided that a partial refund of the Item is appropriate (for example, in the event that a part of the Item is operational and functional). b) In the event that, as a result of the dispute, it is resolved that the refund of the Item is not applicable, the Seller will receive the money related to the price of the Item in its Wallapop wallet. The handling of the return (either after direct acceptance by the Seller or after resolution of the dispute by Wallapop) will be completely free of charge for both the Buyer and the Seller. The refund (in the case of a full refund) to the Buyer, entails the return of (i) the price paid for the Item, (ii) the shipping costs and (iii) the Wallapop Protection fee. 13.6.4.- Cases in which the reimbursement of Wallapop Protection does not apply The Buyer shall not be entitled to request the refund included within the “Wallapop Protection” service if: The Buyer indicates, through the platform, that the Item received is correct. Buyer fails to communicate that the Item is not correct within 48 hours after delivery of the Item by the carrier. After opening a dispute, the Wallapop Support Team deems, taking into consideration the evidence provided, that the Item received is not damaged, that it matches the description and/or photographs provided by the Seller or that it does not fall within the assumptions covered by the Wallapop Return Policy available 13.7.- Processing of personal data during shipment In order to deliver the Items, your personal data will be provided to the third party operators charged with their transportation and to the parties who carry out the corresponding transaction or contract, in accordance with the provisions of the regulations on personal data protection. Your data may be shared and processed for fraud prevention or dispute management purposes. 14.- Invalidity or unenforceability of the clauses 14.1.- If any clause included in these Terms and Conditions is declared totally or partially invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall only affect the provision or the part thereof that is invalid or unenforceable. These Terms and Conditions shall prevail in all other respects, and the affected provision or part thereof shall be deemed to be severed. 15.- Data protection 15.1.- The Privacy Policy addresses the personal data of the Users collected by Wallapop and the purposes for which Wallapop processes such data. The Privacy Policy and any part thereof are not considered contractual clauses and do not form part of these General Terms and Conditions. 16.- Applicable legislation and competent jurisdiction 16.1-. Any dispute or conflict in the interpretation of these Terms and Conditions, as well as any question related to the services offered by Wallapop, shall be governed by Spanish law. 16.2.- To resolve any disputes that may arise between Wallapop and the Users, both parties agree to appear before the following Courts and Tribunals, depending on the User’s status: In the case of Professional Users, the process identified in the Terms and Conditions for Professional Users must be followed and, if applicable, both parties will appear before the Courts and Tribunals of the city of Barcelona (Spain), waiving other jurisdictions that may be competent. In the case of Consumer Users, the latter may bring their action before the courts corresponding to Wallapop’s domicile, or before the courts of the place where the User is domiciled. 16.3.- Conflicts between Users of the platform must be resolved in accordance with the regulations in force in Spain, without Wallapop taking part in said dispute under any circumstances. Copyright © 2023 Wallapop, S.L. Last revision: 3 May 2023 Terms and Conditions for Business Users 1.- Am I a business user on Wallapop? According to the European Regulation (EU) 2019/1150 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019 on promoting fairness and transparency for business users of online intermediation services (hereinafter, “P2B Regulation”), if you are a business user on Wallapop you have a series of rights and obligations that you must know. Before being informed of these rights and obligations, you must know what should be understood as a business user to determine if these Terms and Conditions for Business Users (hereinafter, the “Conditions”) apply to you or not. In this regard, we will help you with the following definition: according to the current regulation, a “business user” is considered to be any private individual acting within the framework of a commercial or professional activity or any legal entity (e.g. a company, foundation, or association) that offers goods or services to consumer users through our platform for purposes relating to their trade, business, craft, or profession (hereinafter, “Business User”). 2.- Definitions According to the abovementioned P2B Regulation, there are several definitions that can be of your interest as a Business User in order to properly understand these Conditions. Without limitation, the following definitions are highlighted: – “Online intermediation services” means services which constitute information society services; allow Business Users to offer goods or services to consumers, with a view to facilitating the initiation of direct transactions between those Business Users and consumers, irrespective of where those transactions are ultimately concluded; and are provided to Business Users on the basis of contractual relationships between the provider of those services and Business Users which offer goods or services to consumers. – “Provider of online intermediation services” means any natural or legal person which provides, or which offers to provide, online intermediation services to Business Users. In these Conditions, the Provider of online intermediation services is Wallapop. – “Consumer” means any natural person who is acting for purposes which are outside this person’s trade, business, craft or profession. – “Ranking” means the relative prominence given to the goods or services offered through online intermediation services (such as those provided by Wallapop), organised, or communicated by the Providers of online intermediation services, irrespective of the technological means used for such presentation, organisation or communication. This is the criteria used by Wallapop to post on its platform the user’s advertisements. – “Mediation” means a structured process whereby two or more parties to a dispute attempt by themselves, on a voluntary basis, to reach an agreement on the settlement of their dispute with the assistance of a mediator. – “Durable medium” means any instrument which enables Business Users to store information addressed personally to them in a way accessible for future reference and for a period of time adequate for the purposes of the information and allows the unchanged reproduction of the information stored. 3.- Applicable Conditions These Conditions describe your rights and responsibilities regarding your use of our platform (the “Services”). If you are a Business User (as defined above), these Conditions govern your access to and use of our Services in addition to the Terms and Conditions of use and our Privacy Policy, applicable to all users. P2B Regulation and these Conditions are applicable both to Wallapop and to you if you are a Business User. They are therefore legally binding. These Conditions, the Terms and Conditions of use and the Privacy Policy, together form a binding contract between the Business User and Wallapop. If you use a specific service such as a payment or delivery service, its terms and conditions will also form part of the contract. The terms “we”, “our”, and “us” refer to Wallapop, S.L. Please note that if you identify any contradiction between these Conditions and the Terms and Conditions of use, these Conditions shall take precedence. 4.- What do you have to take into account in the event that these Conditions are modified? Wallapop shall notify Business Users in a durable medium of any proposed content modifications to these Conditions. The proposed modifications shall not be implemented before the end of the notification period, which shall be reasonable and proportionate with respect to the nature and extent of the intended changes as well as the consequences for the Business User. The notice period shall be at least fifteen (15) days from the date on which Wallapop communicates the proposed changes. Longer periods shall be provided where necessary to allow Business Users to make technical or commercial adjustments to comply with the modifications. The Business User affected by such changes shall have the right to terminate the contract before the expiry of the notice period. Such termination shall be effective within fifteen (15) days from the receipt of the notice, unless a shorter period applies to the contract. The Business User affected may waive the notice period, either in writing or by clear affirmative action, at any time after receipt of the notice. During the notice period, the offer of new goods or services shall be deemed a clear affirmative action to waive the notice period, except in cases where the notice period is longer than fifteen (15) days. The fifteen (15) day notice period shall not apply where Wallapop: Is subject to a legal or regulatory obligation that requires it to modify the Conditions in a way that does not allow Wallapop to comply with the notice period. Must exceptionally modify the Conditions in order to address an unforeseen and imminent danger related to the defence of online intermediary services, consumers or Business Users against fraud, malware, spam, data security breaches, other cybersecurity risks or similar risks. Wallapop shall not impose retroactive modifications to the Conditions, except where it must comply with a legal or regulatory obligation or where retroactive modifications are beneficial to Business Users. 5.- Reasons why a decision to suspend or restrict Wallapop’s Service may be triggered There are a number of circumstances which may lead to the restriction, suspension or termination of the Services of your Wallapop account as a Business User. Your account Services may be suspended in the following cases: For security reasons. We may suspend your account for security reasons, or due to reorganisation of IT resources and in order to improve their provision or configuration. In such cases, we will do our best to keep disruptions to a minimum. If you do not comply with our rules of use. If you do not comply with the rules for the use of the Service regulated in clause 3 and/or the rules for the publication of advertisements regulated in clause 8 of the Terms and Conditions of use. In this case, Wallapop will contact you to inform you of this situation, unless one of the exceptions is applicable which exempts Wallapop from notifying this fact in accordance with the regulations, as will be explained below. If one of your advertisements is reported by users or third parties as fraudulent or illegal. In such case, the advertisement will be disabled from the Wallapop platform and you will be notified. Wallapop will offer you the opportunity to clarify the facts and circumstances that led to the decision of disabling the advertisement, as mentioned above, insofar as the exceptions to the duty to notify the suspension or restriction do not apply. The suspension or restriction of the Services of the Business User account implies that you will not be able to access the advertisements published on the Wallapop platform for the duration of the suspension or that you will not be able to access the advertisements that have been disabled. When you solve the issue after Wallapop has notified you of this suspension or restriction/disabling of the advertisement(s), you will be able to access your Business User account or the disabled advertisement(s) again and, if applicable, publish the advertisement(s) again. In these cases of suspension, restriction, or disabling of advertisements, Wallapop will notify you beforehand or simultaneously about the action to be taken on your account or your advertisements. Specifically, Wallapop will send you a written communication indicating the reasons for the suspension or restriction of Services. The communication may be sent via the email address provided by you when registering as a Business User or by any other means that is considered to be a durable medium. There are certain exceptions to the duty to notify the suspension/restriction of Services and the reasons why they were undertaken. Wallapop does not have to provide a statement of reasons where it is subject to a legal or regulatory obligation not to state the specific facts or circumstances or reference to the applicable reason(s), or where it can demonstrate that the Business User has repeatedly breached these Conditions or the Terms and Conditions of use. The suspension or restriction of the Services or the removal of advertisements due to these reasons shall not give rise to any right to compensation or remuneration that you may claim from Wallapop. In the event of temporary suspension, restriction or disabling, you may use the dispute resolution system set up by Wallapop for Business Users. This system has been set up to manage possible claims and discrepancies that may arise between Wallapop and you during the provision of the Services linked to your account. You can obtain more information about this system in clauses 9 and 10 of these Conditions. In case of restriction or suspension, Wallapop gives the Business User the opportunity to clarify the facts and circumstances within the framework of the internal complaint handling procedure. When the restriction or suspension is revoked by Wallapop, it shall without undue delay reinstate the Business User, including with regard to access to personal or other data that was generated by their use of the Services before the restriction or suspension took effect. 6.- Reasons why a decision to terminate Wallapop’s Service may be triggered We inform you that in certain cases Wallapop may proceed to the early termination of the Service contract linked to your Business User account. The following are causes for early termination of the provision of Services linked to your account: Failure to pay for the Services contracted as a Business User. Repeated non-compliance of the rules for the use of the Service regulated in clause 3 and/or the rules for the publication of advertisements regulated in clause 8 of the Terms and Conditions of use. Unilateral early termination by Wallapop or the Business User with thirty (30) calendar days’ notice. The notice shall be given by written notice to the other party in the event of a serious breach by the other party of any of the obligations set out in these Conditions or the Terms and Conditions of use, provided that the defaulting party has not remedied the breach within this period. The communication may be sent via the email address provided by you when registering as a Business User or by any other means that is considered to be a durable medium. Early and unilateral termination by the Business User, at any time and without giving any reason whatsoever, with thirty (30) days’ notice. In the event of early termination of the Services linked to the Business User’s account due to a manifest infringement by Wallapop, you may be entitled to a refund of the proportional part already paid for such Services in advance. The early termination of the Services does not extinguish or modify the rights and obligations of the Business Users or Wallapop arising prior to the early termination of the Services. In other words, invoices issued or to be issued for Services provided by Wallapop up to the effective date of termination shall be deemed due and payable and shall be passed on to the Business User. If Wallapop terminates all of the Business User’s Services, it shall provide the Business User, at least thirty (30) days before the termination takes effect, with a statement of the reasons justifying the decision on a durable medium. This period shall not apply when Wallapop (neither the written statement): Is subject to a legal or regulatory obligation that requires it to terminate or restrict the provision of all Services to a Business User in a way that does not allow it to respect such notice period. Exercises its right of termination for an overriding reason under applicable regulations. Can prove that the Business User concerned has repeatedly breached these Conditions and/or the Terms and Conditions of use, resulting in the termination or restriction of the Services. 7.- What are the consequences of the termination of Wallapop’s Services? In the event of termination of the Services, as a Business User you have a migration period of thirty (30) additional calendar days from the end of the contracted period of Services. Or, in the event of non-compliance, you shall have the aforementioned thirty (30) day period, which shall commence with the notification announcing the termination. During this period of time, you may download the information and content generated on the Wallapop platform. After this period of time, Wallapop will definitively remove all the content that you have generated as a Business User from its database and will definitively close your Business User account. If the reason for termination of the Services is because you have breached the Terms and Conditions of use as a Business User, you will have ten (10) days to justify your action before terminating the Services. If, after a review, Wallapop considers that you have not acted against the Terms and Conditions of use, these Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy of Wallapop, we will reinstate access to your business account and the contents of your account. During the time periods provided for in this section, you can use the available dispute resolution and complaints system. More information about this complaints system can be found in clauses 9 and 10. In the event of termination, Wallapop offers the Business User the opportunity to clarify the facts and circumstances within the framework of the internal complaint handling procedure. When the termination is revoked by Wallapop, it shall without undue delay reinstate the Business User, including with regard to access to personal or other data, or both, that was generated by his or her use of the Services before the restriction or suspension took effect. 8.- What are the criteria for classifying advertisements? The ranking and visibility of advertisements on Wallapop is carried out based on different criteria such as: The date of publication, in chronological order. The use of filtering tools offered by our platform, which allows users to select search criteria. The existence of paid subscriptions and featured ads. The criteria that have the greatest impact on the ranking of advertisements and their visibility are paid subscriptions and featured advertisements, which are also paid. The characteristics of subscriptions and featured advertisements are described in the descriptions of such Services located in the help center on the Wallapop website. It should be clear that the criteria that influence the visibility of advertisements the most are those services where the user pays for a special publication service. Wallapop will maintain and periodically update the variations that may occur in the criteria for the classification of advertisements on its platform. 9.- Find out about our complaints and mediation system We have set up a free internal complaints handling system to ensure that as a Business User you have a channel through which you can send us complaints. It is everyone’s responsibility to ensure that this channel is useful and can resolve complaints within a reasonable period of time. As a Business User, you will be able to file a complaint in these cases: When you consider that we have not complied with any of our obligations in accordance with the P2B Regulation. When technological problems occur that are directly related to the provision of Services and affect you. When it is based on specific measures or conduct of Wallapop that are directly linked to the provision of Services and affect you. Once we receive a complaint, we will analyse it with the utmost diligence. In doing so, we will take into account the relevance of the problem raised and the specific circumstances of each case. We will provide you with a reasoned response on the outcome of the procedure in an understandable and individualised written notification. Please note that during the resolution of the complaint, we may maintain the decision to suspend, restrict or terminate the Service early and, after the complaint has been resolved, measures may be taken to reverse the situation if necessary. We also inform you that as a Business User you may at any time initiate a legal complaint if you deem it appropriate, whether or not the internal complaint procedure has been resolved. In order to improve the processes, we undertake to verify, at least annually, the correct functioning of this system and, if necessary, make the appropriate changes to improve its effectiveness. If any changes are made to its operation, we will inform you about the amendment of these Conditions. To file a complaint, you should contact us through this form. Once the complaint has been received, it will be dealt with internally. Each complaint will be reviewed by a group of Wallapop professionals who will be in charge of resolving it. These professionals will have sufficient knowledge of customer service and of Wallapop’s business model, as well as sufficient legal knowledge to be able to deal with complaints objectively and in accordance with the law. However, remember that you still have the Wallapop customer service system at your disposal for all issues that may not be as complex or do not involve a claim as such. Evaluate what your situation is and which is the ideal channel for an optimal solution to your problem. On behalf of Wallapop we will inform you periodically about the use of this system by publishing information about the use that users make of the complaints system. In particular, we will annually verify the information on the functioning and effectiveness of the complaint system and, where significant modifications are necessary, update this information. This information will specify: Total number of complaints submitted. Main types of complaints. Average time taken to process them. Information aggregated in relation to the outcome of complaints. 10.- Can I as a Business User use alternative mediation systems? If, despite submitting a complaint and once it has been resolved, you still consider that we have not resolved the dispute, you can access mediation systems to try to resolve the dispute out of court. In accordance with the above, Wallapop will provide two dispute resolution mediators whose actions will meet the following requirements: They shall be impartial and independent Their mediation services shall be affordable for Wallapop Business Users. May provide mediation services in the language of the Conditions governing the contractual relationship, They shall be easily accessible either physically at the establishment or residence of the Business User or remotely using communication technologies. They shall be able to provide their mediation services without undue delay. They shall have sufficient knowledge to be able to contribute effectively to the resolution of disputes. Accordingly, Wallapop provides access to the following dispute resolution mediators: Confianza Online Conflict Management Advisers Mediación B2B In addition to the above, other mediation entities of recognised prestige may be appointed. Please note that Wallapop will bear a reasonable part of the costs of mediation in each individual case, but the rest of the costs shall be charged to the Business User who has requested mediation. Finally, we would like to inform you that going to mediation does not remove your right to take legal action, which we can also take. In other words, mediation is an option, not an obligation, and at no time will it limit the rights of either party to effective judicial protection. 11.- How do we process personal data at Wallapop? Our Privacy Policy gives a detailed explanation of how Wallapop processes your personal data. We have updated our Terms and Conditions so you have a better experience using Wallapop: we have improved the information provided to Users, and we have clarified the information regarding “Wallapop Protection”. We have updated our Terms and Conditions so you have a better experience using Wallapop: we have improved the information provided to Users, and we have clarified the information regarding “Wallapop Protection”. we have improved the information provided to Users, and we have clarified the information regarding “Wallapop Protection”.  Wallapop Terms and Conditions of Use Last revision: 13 September 2023 Last revision: Thanks for using Wallapop. Right now you are in a very important space: our Terms and Conditions of Use which, together with the special conditions, Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy, Legal Notice, and current regulations, regulate our relationship. We don’t expect you to find it fun, but at least intelligible, useful, practical, and complete. At Wallapop, we strive to help our community understand the legal conditions that establish the rules of our relationship, while acknowledging the increasing complexity of the applicable laws. These Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms and Conditions“) define the conditions under which users may access Wallapop’s websites, services, and applications (the “Service“). Terms and Conditions Service Use of the Service confers the status of User (the “User“) and implies full acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with all or part of these Terms and Conditions, do not install and/or use the Service. User By accepting these Terms and Conditions, you express: That you have read, understood and comprehended what is set forth herein. That you assume all the obligations and know your rights as set forth herein and those established by the applicable regulations. That you are of legal age and have sufficient legal capacity to use the Service. That you have read, understood and comprehended what is set forth herein. That you assume all the obligations and know your rights as set forth herein and those established by the applicable regulations. That you are of legal age and have sufficient legal capacity to use the Service. The acceptance of these Terms and Conditions by the User is an essential step prior to use of the Service. Wallapop reserves the right to update and/or modify the Terms and Conditions at any time and for any reason in its sole discretion. Wallapop will notify Users of any material changes to the Terms and Conditions or the Service. By accessing or using the Services after Wallapop has notified the User of a modification or update, the User agrees to be bound by the modified Terms and Conditions. If the modified Terms and Conditions are not acceptable to the User, the User must cease using the Services. 1.- Definitions “Items“: products/items that Users advertise in the Catalog for sale. “Catalog“: electronic catalog of Items that Sellers have advertised for sale through the Website. The Catalog has different sections for each category of Items. “Buyer“: any User who purchases or wishes to purchase one or more Items on the Website. “Contents of the Service“: protected works, services, and any content or elements to which intellectual and industrial property rights pertain that are used in the Service. This includes, but is not limited to, text, photographs, graphics, images, icons, technology, software, databases, and other audiovisual or sound content, as well as their graphic design and the source codes used in the Service. “User Content“: the protected works, services, and any other elements protected by intellectual or industrial property laws that the User incorporates in the Service. “Consumer Regulations” or “TRLGDCU“: Royal Legislative Decree 1/2007, of November 16, 2007, approving the revised text of the General Law for the Protection of Consumers and Users and other supplementary laws. “Service“: access to and use of the Website services. “Subscription Services“: services comprised of a series of specific benefits that vary according to the chosen subscription. You can learn more about the types of subscriptions here. “Visibility Services“: services that increase the visibility of ads uploaded by the User on Wallapop. You can find more information here. “Interlinked Sites“: other internet pages and portals accessible via links, directories, and search tools. “Website“: the Wallapop website, applications, and any other means of accessing the Wallapop platform. This includes the Services and all content, tools, features, and functionalities offered on or through the platform. “Terms and Conditions“: the Terms and Conditions of Use included in this text and available here. “User“: any person who has created an account on the Website. You can be a Consumer User or a Professional User. “Consumer User“: Wallapop User acting for a purpose outside his or her trade, business, craft, or profession, including legal persons and unincorporated entities acting on a non-profit basis outside a trade or business. “Professional User“: any natural person acting within the framework of a commercial or professional activity, or any legal entity (e.g., a company, foundation, or association) offering goods or services to Consumer Users via our platform for purposes related to their trade, business, craft, or profession. These users are identified on the platform under the term “Business Account,” which appears on their Wallapop profile. “Seller“: any User who sells one or more Items on the Website. “Items“: products/items that Users advertise in the Catalog for sale. Items “Catalog“: electronic catalog of Items that Sellers have advertised for sale through the Website. The Catalog has different sections for each category of Items. Catalog “Buyer“: any User who purchases or wishes to purchase one or more Items on the Website. Buyer “Contents of the Service“: protected works, services, and any content or elements to which intellectual and industrial property rights pertain that are used in the Service. This includes, but is not limited to, text, photographs, graphics, images, icons, technology, software, databases, and other audiovisual or sound content, as well as their graphic design and the source codes used in the Service. Contents of the Service “User Content“: the protected works, services, and any other elements protected by intellectual or industrial property laws that the User incorporates in the Service. User Content “Consumer Regulations” or “TRLGDCU“: Royal Legislative Decree 1/2007, of November 16, 2007, approving the revised text of the General Law for the Protection of Consumers and Users and other supplementary laws. Consumer Regulations TRLGDCU “Service“: access to and use of the Website services. “Subscription Services“: services comprised of a series of specific benefits that vary according to the chosen subscription. You can learn more about the types of subscriptions here. Subscription Services “Visibility Services“: services that increase the visibility of ads uploaded by the User on Wallapop. You can find more information here. Visibility Services “Interlinked Sites“: other internet pages and portals accessible via links, directories, and search tools. Interlinked Sites “Website“: the Wallapop website, applications, and any other means of accessing the Wallapop platform. This includes the Services and all content, tools, features, and functionalities offered on or through the platform. Website “Terms and Conditions“: the Terms and Conditions of Use included in this text and available here. “User“: any person who has created an account on the Website. You can be a Consumer User or a Professional User. “Consumer User“: Wallapop User acting for a purpose outside his or her trade, business, craft, or profession, including legal persons and unincorporated entities acting on a non-profit basis outside a trade or business. Consumer User “Professional User“: any natural person acting within the framework of a commercial or professional activity, or any legal entity (e.g., a company, foundation, or association) offering goods or services to Consumer Users via our platform for purposes related to their trade, business, craft, or profession. These users are identified on the platform under the term “Business Account,” which appears on their Wallapop profile. Professional User Business Account “Seller“: any User who sells one or more Items on the Website. Seller 2.- Introduction 2.1.- Service Holder The owner and proprietor of the Service is Wallapop, S.L. (“Wallapop“), with registered offices at Avenida Meridiana 89, 6ª planta, C.P. 08026, Barcelona (Spain), with tax identification number B-66049057, incorporated on May 23, 2013 before the Notary Public Mr. Rafael de Córdoba Benedito, and registered in the Barcelona Mercantile Registry, Volume 46767, Folio 149, Page B-438613, 1st Inscription. Wallapop 2.2.- The Service Wallapop is an online marketplace provider that offers an electronic community platform where Users can post ads, access these ads and their contents, and have the opportunity to make purchases and sales. Wallapop solely offers a space for community interaction. Wallapop does not under any circumstances sell or buy goods, nor does it provide the services advertised. Wallapop is basically an ad publication service that connects advertisers and interested parties so that they can conduct transactions, when possible, involving the goods and services offered on Wallapop. 2.3.- Registration requirement In order to use the Service, the User must first register and accept these Terms and Conditions, the special conditions mentioned, and the Privacy Policy. You must also decide whether or not to accept the use of nonessential Cookies. The data you enter must be accurate, current, and truthful. As a registered User, you are responsible at all times for the safekeeping of your password, thus assuming any damages that might arise from its misuse, transfer, disclosure, or loss. You must immediately inform Wallapop if you have reason to believe that your password has been or is likely to be used in an unauthorized manner. Under no circumstances is Wallapop responsible for the safekeeping and use of User accounts. 3.- Service terms of use 3.1.- The User agrees to use the Service in compliance with the law, moral standards, public order, and these Terms and Conditions. The User also agrees to make appropriate use of the Service and not use it for illegal or criminal activities that infringe on the rights of third parties or violate any rule of law. 3.1.- . 3.2.- The User agrees not to transmit, introduce, disseminate, and/or make available to third parties any type of material or information (products, objects, data, content, messages, drawings, sound and image files, photographs, software, etc.) that violates the law, moral standards, public order, or these Terms and Conditions. These restrictions on User behavior include, but are not limited to, the following: 3.2.- Users may not introduce or disseminate content or propaganda that is racist, xenophobic or pornographic; promotes terrorism or armed conflict; incites hatred or violates human rights. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content that violates the fundamental rights and public freedoms recognized in the Constitution and in international treaties. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content that constitutes unlawful or unfair advertising. Users may not transmit unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas (such as commercial spaces) that have been exclusively designed for that purpose. Users may not introduce or disseminate any false, misleading, ambiguous, or inaccurate information or content in a way that misleads or is likely to mislead the recipients of the information. Users may not impersonate other Users of the Service or transmit account access data or passwords to a third party without Wallapop’s consent. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content without the authorization of the holders of the intellectual and industrial property rights that may apply to such information, elements, or content. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content that entails a violation of communications privacy and personal data legislation. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties photographs or any representations or images of minors. Users may not publish ads for: products that require a prescription or that must be dispensed under the supervision of a medical professional (doctor, dentist, optometrist, optician, pharmacist, or veterinarian); any product that may impact a person’s health (due to contraindications, interactions, etc.); perishables of any kind. Users must have the appropriate health care license in order to publish ads related to any health care activity (the association membership number or facility license number must be submitted). Users must not create ratings for transactions that have not been carried out. Users must not make repeated false or incorrect reports. Users must use Wallapop’s Services correctly. For example, User accounts may not be created to take advantage of shipping service promotions or to avoid paying for professional subscriptions. Users may not systematically extract or reuse part or all of the content of Wallapop’s Services without our express written consent. In particular, the use of search and data mining tools or robots for the extraction (whether on one or several occasions) of substantial parts of Wallapop’s Services for reuse is not permitted without our express written consent. Users may not introduce or disseminate content or propaganda that is racist, xenophobic or pornographic; promotes terrorism or armed conflict; incites hatred or violates human rights. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content that violates the fundamental rights and public freedoms recognized in the Constitution and in international treaties. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content that constitutes unlawful or unfair advertising. Users may not transmit unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other form of solicitation, except in those areas (such as commercial spaces) that have been exclusively designed for that purpose. Users may not introduce or disseminate any false, misleading, ambiguous, or inaccurate information or content in a way that misleads or is likely to mislead the recipients of the information. Users may not impersonate other Users of the Service or transmit account access data or passwords to a third party without Wallapop’s consent. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content without the authorization of the holders of the intellectual and industrial property rights that may apply to such information, elements, or content. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties any type of information, element, or content that entails a violation of communications privacy and personal data legislation. Users may not disseminate, transmit, or make available to third parties photographs or any representations or images of minors. Users may not publish ads for: products that require a prescription or that must be dispensed under the supervision of a medical professional (doctor, dentist, optometrist, optician, pharmacist, or veterinarian); any product that may impact a person’s health (due to contraindications, interactions, etc.); perishables of any kind. Users must have the appropriate health care license in order to publish ads related to any health care activity (the association membership number or facility license number must be submitted). Users must not create ratings for transactions that have not been carried out. Users must not make repeated false or incorrect reports. Users must use Wallapop’s Services correctly. For example, User accounts may not be created to take advantage of shipping service promotions or to avoid paying for professional subscriptions. Users may not systematically extract or reuse part or all of the content of Wallapop’s Services without our express written consent. In particular, the use of search and data mining tools or robots for the extraction (whether on one or several occasions) of substantial parts of Wallapop’s Services for reuse is not permitted without our express written consent. 3.3.- The User agrees to indemnify Wallapop against any possible claim, fine, penalty, or sanction the User may be obliged to bear as a consequence of the User’s non-compliance with any of the above-mentioned rules of use, and Wallapop reserves the right to seek compensation for any corresponding damages. 3.3.- 4.- Responsibility 4.1.- Wallapop is a company that solely acts as an intermediary between the Seller and the Buyer. Therefore, Wallapop does not own any of the Items for sale or sold through its platform and is not a party to the sales and purchase transactions carried out exclusively between Buyers and Sellers, nor does it review or validate the Items that Users offer through the Service. Consequently, Wallapop shall not be directly, indirectly, or subsidiarily liable for damages of any nature arising from the use and contracting of the content and activities offered by Users and/or third parties through the Service, nor for their lack of legality, reliability, usefulness, truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, or timeliness. Wallapop acts solely as an online marketplace provider and under no circumstances forms part of the contractual relationship that may occur between the Seller and the Buyer. 4.1.- Wallapop acts solely as an online marketplace provider and under no circumstances forms part of the contractual relationship that may occur between the Seller and the Buyer. Accordingly, the Users bear full responsibility for complying with any tax obligations arising from transactions carried out through the platform. In particular, it is the responsibility of Professional Users carrying out business or professional activity as Sellers of products and/or services on Wallapop to issue and forward invoices to Users who purchase goods, as well as to comply with the tax obligations arising from such transactions. Under no circumstances shall it be understood that Wallapop acts or operates as a merchant or (re)seller of the goods and/or services marketed through its platform. 4.2.- Wallapop therefore shall not be liable for damages of any nature arising from instances including, but not limited to, the following: 4.2.- The manner in which Users utilize the Service, and the state, origin, and possible inaccuracy or falsehood of data provided by the Users or Items offered through the Service. The contents, information, opinions, and statements of any User, third party or entity that are communicated or displayed through the Service (including the sending of images via chat). The manner in which Users utilize the Service’s materials, whether these be prohibited or permitted, in violation of intellectual and/or industrial property rights, confidential information, of the contents of the Service, or of third parties. The performance of acts of unfair competition and unlawful advertising. The possible loss of Users’ data due to causes not attributable to the Service. Access by minors to the contents included in the Service. The unavailability, errors, access failures, or lack of continuity of the Service. Failures or incidents that may occur in communications, deletion, or incomplete transmissions. Non-operability or issues with the email address provided by the User. The manner in which Users utilize the Service, and the state, origin, and possible inaccuracy or falsehood of data provided by the Users or Items offered through the Service. The contents, information, opinions, and statements of any User, third party or entity that are communicated or displayed through the Service (including the sending of images via chat). The manner in which Users utilize the Service’s materials, whether these be prohibited or permitted, in violation of intellectual and/or industrial property rights, confidential information, of the contents of the Service, or of third parties. The performance of acts of unfair competition and unlawful advertising. The possible loss of Users’ data due to causes not attributable to the Service. Access by minors to the contents included in the Service. The unavailability, errors, access failures, or lack of continuity of the Service. Failures or incidents that may occur in communications, deletion, or incomplete transmissions. Non-operability or issues with the email address provided by the User. 4.3.- Wallapop shall be solely and exclusively liable to the User for the Services it provides directly to the User (Visibility Service and Subscription Service). 4.3.- 4.4.- Users must comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations when using the Website. 4.4.- 4.5.- Wallapop reserves the right to block the accounts of Users by temporarily or permanently restricting access to the Service to any User who violates any of the rules set forth in these Terms and Conditions, the law, moral standards, or public order. For example, in Portugal, in accordance with Article 80-A of the Value Added Tax Code, Wallapop reserves the right to freeze the activity of platform Users by blocking their accounts if they do not comply with their tax obligations and have not rectified their situation by providing the appropriate supporting documentation to Wallapop. 4.5.- 4.6.- Users are fully responsible for all the information they publish, include in, or transmit through the Website, as well as for the Items they offer, sell, or transfer to other Users. By accepting these Terms and Conditions, Users acknowledge and agree that they are fully responsible for any Item or ad uploaded to the platform, the information provided via the description, photographs, and statements made to buyers or other Users, and the accuracy of other details provided. In addition, Users are exclusively responsible for transactions made with other Users and any resulting disputes. 4.6.- 4.7.- Consumer Users are informed that some advertisers who offer goods and services on Wallapop are considered to be businesspeople, and are thus categorized as Professional Users. You can identify these Professional Users by checking their profiles and verifying that they include the designation “Business Account.” This is relevant because sales and purchases made through Wallapop with Professional Users must comply with Royal Legislative Decree 1/2007, November 16, 2007, which approves the revised text of the General Law for the Protection of Consumers and Users and other supplementary laws (“Consumer Regulations” or “TRLGDCU“). 4.7.- Professional Users must bear in mind when carrying out transactions with Consumer Users the applicable Consumer Regulations and all the rights and obligations therein. For example, Professional Users are responsible for informing Buyers of and managing their right of withdrawal. 4.8.- Consumer Users are informed that those Users who are not identified as “Professional Users” also have the status of Consumer Users. Consequently, Consumer Regulations do not apply in transactions in which the Seller is a Consumer, but the purchase and sale are be governed by the provisions of the Spanish Civil Code. 4.8.- 4.9.- Consumer Users are informed that, in case of discrepancy or conflict with Wallapop when using the platform or any of the contracted Services, you can contact Wallapop using this form. In the event that the dispute persists or the User is not satisfied with the response offered by Wallapop, the User may resort to alternative means of dispute resolution such as, for example, the European Online Dispute Resolution platform, accessible via the following link. 4.9.- 5.- Content and services linked via the Service 5.1.- The Service may include links, directories, and even search tools that allow the User to access other websites and portals (“Linked Sites“). 5.1.- Linked Sites 5.2.- The User acknowledges and solely accepts the risk and responsibility entailed in accessing Linked Sites, absolving Wallapop of any liability for possible infringement of the intellectual or industrial property rights of the owners of the Linked Sites. The User also absolves Wallapop of any liability for the technical availability of the Linked Sites, as well as the quality, reliability, accuracy and/or veracity of the services, information, elements and/or content to which the User may have access. 5.2.- 5.3.- In such cases, Wallapop shall only be responsible for the content and services provided on the Linked Sites to the extent that it has actual knowledge of the unlawfulness and has not deactivated the link with due diligence. If the User believes that there is a Linked Site with unlawful or inappropriate content, the User may inform Wallapop, without this communication in any case entailing the obligation to remove the corresponding link. 5.3.- 5.4.- Under no circumstances should the existence of Linked Sites presuppose the formalization of agreements with the owners or those responsible for the sites, nor the recommendation, promotion, or identification of Wallapop with the statements, content, or services provided. Wallapop is not aware of the content and services of the Linked Sites and, therefore, is not directly or indirectly liable for damages caused by the unlawfulness, quality, obsoleteness, unavailability, incorrectness, or uselessness of the content and/or services of the Linked Sites, or any other damages that are not directly attributable to Wallapop. 5.4.- 6.- Intellectual and industrial property 6.1.- The industrial and intellectual property rights connected with the protected works, services, and any content or elements to which intellectual and industrial property rights pertain that are used in the Service (the “Contents of the Service“) belong to their legitimate owners. The User shall not acquire by the use of the Service any intellectual or industrial property right, nor any license of use whatsoever, for such elements. 6.1.- 6.2.- The Contents of the Service include, but are not limited to, the texts, photographs, graphics, images, icons, technology, software, databases, other audiovisual or sound content, and the graphic design and source codes used in the Service. 6.2.- 6.3.- The text, images, graphics, sound files, animation files, video files, software, and appearance of the Wallapop Website are protected by intellectual and industrial property rights. These elements may not be validly and legitimately copied or distributed for commercial use, nor may they be modified or inserted into other websites without the prior express authorization of their owners. 6.3.- 6.4.- The User declares exclusive ownership of all rights pertaining to protected works, services, and any other elements included in the Service that are protected by intellectual or industrial property laws (the “User’s Content“). 6.4.- User’s Content 6.5.- The User assigns to Wallapop, free of charge and exclusively, the global rights of public communication, reproduction, distribution and transformation of the User’s Content, in all forms of exploitation existing on the date of acceptance of these Terms and Conditions, for the entire duration of the rights assigned. 6.5.- 6.6.- Wallapop does not represent or have any business relationship with the brands that Users may advertise on the Service. 6.6.- 7.- Publication of ads 7.1.- The User may not publish ads violating the law, moral standards, public order, and these Terms and Conditions (for example, the rules of use of the Service included in Section 3 of these terms). Users must take into account the following non-exhaustive list of considerations when publishing their ads: 7.1.- The User may not publish ads violating the law, moral standards, public order, and these Terms and Conditions (for example, the rules of use of the Service included in Section 3 of these terms). Ads with images of sexual content may not be published. Ads related to sex, eroticism, fetishism, massages and companionship or friendship services may not be published. Multi-level marketing schemes and similar arrangements may not be advertised. Only one property may be advertised per ad. In such cases, the property must be advertised in the area in which it is located. Publishing images or descriptions that do not correspond to the Item actually offered is prohibited. Publishing images of minors is prohibited. Publishing ads related to animals is prohibited. For some categories, a limited number of products can be published for free. Ads with images of sexual content may not be published. Ads related to sex, eroticism, fetishism, massages and companionship or friendship services may not be published. Multi-level marketing schemes and similar arrangements may not be advertised. Only one property may be advertised per ad. In such cases, the property must be advertised in the area in which it is located. Publishing images or descriptions that do not correspond to the Item actually offered is prohibited. Publishing images of minors is prohibited. Publishing ads related to animals is prohibited. For some categories, a limited number of products can be published for free. 7.2.- Users must always take into consideration the publication rules when publishing ads. Wallapop reserves the right to remove any ad violating the above rules. 7.2.- 7.3.- Users interested in purchasing a product must take into account that when they agree to purchase an Item for an established price, they are entering into a contract of sale with another User. Likewise, Users must take into account that when purchasing an Item, they will be subject to the Tax on Property Transfer and Legal Documents (“ITPAJD“), according to TPO provisions, being obliged to hold Wallapop completely harmless in the event of not complying with said obligation. 7.3.- ITPAJD 7.4.- Users who publish a rental ad in some municipalities in Catalonia must include the Reference Price Index as required by “Law 11/2020, September 18, on urgent measures to control rental costs in housing leases in Catalonia,” which came into force in September 2020. Wallapop is held fully harmless in case of non-compliance with this obligation. 7.4.- Law 11/2020, September 18, on urgent measures to control rental costs in housing leases in Catalonia,” 7.5. You can read more information on how to publish ads here, and read about the operation of the platform in greater detail by consulting the sections “Searching and finding what you want,” “Now that you have found what you want” and “How to sell on Wallapop.” 7.5. 7.6.- Users are exclusively responsible for ads and Wallapop is not responsible for their content. Wallapop does not monitor the ads that are published. However, Wallapop may delete those ads that violate these Terms and Conditions or the law, either upon complaint by other Users or on Wallapop’s own initiative, if non-compliance is detected. 7.6.- 8.- Information on the search results ranking parameters for ads 8 .- Information on the search results ranking parameters for ads 8.1.- When a User performs a search, the ads that are included in the search results are classified and displayed based on various criteria. The main factors that determine the search results are outlined below: 8.1.- : The search filters provided by Wallapop (category, price, type of garment in the case of clothing, geographic location provided by the advertiser, brands, gender, product condition, and other filters that may facilitate the User’s search). If a User advertiser has contracted Subscription Services or Visibility Services, their ads receive greater visibility. The ad publication date (the date the ad was created) is also relevant. The geographic location for which the ad has been activated. The interests of the User performing the search based on previous searches on the platform. The details of the ad, text, images, etc. The search filters provided by Wallapop (category, price, type of garment in the case of clothing, geographic location provided by the advertiser, brands, gender, product condition, and other filters that may facilitate the User’s search). If a User advertiser has contracted Subscription Services or Visibility Services, their ads receive greater visibility. The ad publication date (the date the ad was created) is also relevant. The geographic location for which the ad has been activated. The interests of the User performing the search based on previous searches on the platform. The details of the ad, text, images, etc. The criteria that most influence the ranking of ads and their visibility are the Subscription Services and the Visibility Services, which are paid. The specific characteristics of these Services can be found in sections 10 and 11 of these Terms and Conditions. It should be clear that the criteria that most influence the visibility of ads are those services where the user pays for a special publication service. 9.- Filtering ads and User reviews 9.1.- Unless specifically required by law, Wallapop is not under any general obligation to monitor ads or information posted by Users, or to actively seek facts or circumstances that indicate the existence of illegal activities. Accordingly, Wallapop does not play an active role in the agreement or contract between users that grants it knowledge of such information or control over it. Likewise, Wallapop’s filtering, management of the removal of ads, and review and removal of User profiles that do not comply with current regulations or the Terms and Conditions do not imply that it is to be held responsible for the content posted by Users or any other actions of its Users. 9.1.- 9.2.- Once a transaction has been carried out between Users, they will have the opportunity to post a review or assessment of how the transaction went. This assessment may be performed reciprocally, i.e., assessing both the Seller and the Buyer. 9.2.- 9.3.- Users must evaluate other Users completely objectively and truthfully, without using offensive remarks or insults, or showing disrespect. 9.3.- 9.4.- The ratings that appear in each User’s profile are posted by other Users. Wallapop does not control or moderate the content of these reviews, so their content is entirely the responsibility of the Users. Despite the quality processes implemented at Wallapop, we cannot guarantee that the published reviews have been made by Users who have actually used or purchased the goods or services. 9.4.- 9.5.- Wallapop reserves the right to delete any reviews that are false, disrespectful, denigrating and, in general, contrary to good faith, the law, or these Terms and Conditions. Users may inform Wallapop of any suspicions of a fraudulent purchase through the tools available on the Website. 9.5.- 10.- Visibility Service 10 .- Visibility Service 10.1.- Users may increase the visibility of their ads on Wallapop by contracting Visibility Services. These are optional services that Users may use to improve the positioning of the advertised Items. 10.1.- 10.2.- Featured ads are offered by Wallapop to give ads more visibility on the wall. You can learn about the different types of featured ads here. 10.2.- 10.3.- It is not possible to remove, move, or change the type or duration of a highlight that has already been applied to an ad, regardless of whether the ad is removed by our moderation team or is affected by a technical issue. 10.3.- 10.4.- If a featured ad is deleted or marked as sold and the contracted period has not yet ended, the excess visibility time will be lost. 10.4.- 10.5.- If the Item is sold using Wallapop’s shipping service, the ad will be marked as sold automatically when the package is delivered to the Buyer so that if the contracted period had not yet ended, the excess visibility time will be lost. 10.5.- 10.6.- To request an invoice for the purchase of Visibility Services, Users can find more information at the following link: Request Invoice. In order to process this request, Wallapop will need the applicant’s tax identification information, which is required for the invoice. 10.6.- 10.7.- The prices and durations of the available highlights may vary as they depend on several factors, such as the type of Item being promoted, its popularity, or the area in which you want to promote it. If Wallapop makes significant changes in the operation of the highlights, you will be notified in advance so that you can change the contracted service or terminate the contract. 10.7.- 10.8.- Users are always informed about the chosen Visibility Service before finalizing the purchase. 10.8.- 10.9.- Visibility Services that have been applied to an ad or a profile cannot be refunded regardless of the publication status of the ad or whether the profile is active or inactive. 10.9.- 10.10.- In case of failure in the application of a Visibility Service contracted through the Website due to a technical incident, the User shall be entitled to terminate the Visibility Service contract with the right to reimbursement of the purchase cost. In this regard, the deadline for requesting reimbursement is 14 calendar days from the purchase of the highlight. 10.10.- Similarly, in the event that Wallapop, due to any technical incident, does not effectively activate the Visibility Service contracted by the User within 7 calendar days, the User may request the termination of the contract for the provision of such service and, consequently, obtain a refund of the purchase cost. Wallapop will reimburse the User within a maximum of 14 calendar days. You can report both the incident and your desire to terminate the contract using the following form. 10.11.- Wallapop may charge for editing or reactivating an ad in certain versions of the app or the website. In these instances, the User will always be duly informed of the cost of the service before confirming the purchase. The User will always have the option to refuse the service at no cost. 10.11.- 10.12.- If the location of a profile is changed, the ads featured prior to the making of the change will appear on the wall for the new area but will remain in the carousel (the section in the app that shows a selection of Items) and in the collection of featured ads for the location specified when the service was contracted. 10.12.- 10.13.- The purchase of Visibility Services does not exempt the User from compliance with Wallapop’s publication rules. 10.13.- 10.14.- The prices for the Visibility Service include a 21% Value Added Tax. In those cases in which this tax rate is not applicable under the tax localization rules established in the Value Added Tax Law 37/1992 of December 28, 1992, Wallapop agrees to adjust the tax rate. 10.14.- 10.15.- Please be aware that the exercise of the right of withdrawal is not applicable to purchase of the Visibility Service. This is due to the nature of this service, which is activated automatically. 10.15.- 10.16.- Our payment solutions for visibility are provided by Mangopay, S.A., a limited liability company incorporated under Luxembourg law with registered offices located at 2, Avenue Amélie, L-1125 Luxembourg that is registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B173459 (“Mangopay“). Mangopay is an electronic money institution authorized and regulated by the Luxembourg financial sector supervisory body (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier). Mangopay processes payments made within our platform and stores information related to credit cards, debit cards, PayPal, and any other payment method supported by Wallapop for this type of transaction. 10.16.- Mangopay 10.17.- This service is currently only available in Spain. For more information on Visibility Services, please click here. 10.17.- 11.- Subscription Service 11.1.- Wallapop’s Subscription Service offers Users who subscribe to it a series of specific benefits that vary depending on the subscription chosen. You can learn more about the types of subscriptions here. 11.1.- 11.2.- Subscriptions are automatically renewed until canceled for an additional period equivalent to the period agreed upon when subscribing. Subscriptions may be canceled at any time, but the cancellation becomes effective at the end of the previously contracted period. 11.2.- 11.3.- Likewise, Users may change their subscription at any time to suit their needs. 11.3.- 11.4.- Unsubscribing from Wallapop or deleting the Wallapop app from your device does not imply the cancellation of your subscription, which you must continue to pay for. Remember to cancel your subscription before deleting your account or deleting the app. 11.4.- 11.5.- In the event that a profile is deactivated by Wallapop due to a breach of the publication rules or the Terms and Conditions, the User will receive a notification at the email address associated with the deactivated profile. 11.5.- 11.6.- If you are a consumer who has contracted a Subscription Service, you have a period of 14 days from the date of payment of the subscription to exercise your right of withdrawal, as long as the activation period of the subscription has not begun. Accordingly, you may exercise this right as long as you do so before the service is activated. Remember that when you select the subscription you will be informed of this date, which will allow you to calculate the deadline for exercising this right. To exercise your right, just send a written statement using the following form within the time frame indicated above. If you would like to exercise this right, a standardized form can be found below. 11.6.- you may exercise this right as long as you do so before the service is activated before Form for exercising the right of withdrawal (this form must be completed and submitted only if you wish to withdraw from the contract) Form for exercising the right of withdrawal (this form must be completed and submitted only if you wish to withdraw from the contract) – Attn: (insert the name of the business, its full address, and its email address): – I/We hereby give notice (*) that I/we withdraw from my/our (*) contract of sale of the following goods/provision of the following service (*) before the court of the place where the User is domiciled – Ordered on/received on (*) – Name(s) of consumer(s) and user(s) – Address(es) of consumer(s) and user(s) – Signature of the consumer(s) and user(s) (only if this form is submitted on paper) – Date 11.7.- In case of failure in the application of a Subscription Service contracted through the Website due to a technical incident, the User shall be entitled to terminate the subscription contract with the right to reimbursement of the purchase cost. In this regard, the deadline for requesting reimbursement is 14 calendar days from the purchase of the subscription. 11.7.- Similarly, in the event that Wallapop, due to any technical incident, does not effectively activate the Subscription contracted by the User within 7 calendar days of the date the Subscription was scheduled to begin, the User may request the termination of the contract for the provision of the service and, consequently, obtain a refund of the purchase cost. Wallapop will reimburse the User within a maximum of 14 calendar days. Likewise, in the event that the user wishes to maintain the subscription despite the delay in its commencement, the date on which the subscription was actually activated shall be considered the valid subscription duration date. You can report both the incident and your desire to terminate the contract using the following form. 11.8.- Wallapop reserves the right to modify its Subscription Services at any time. Users will be notified and will have the right to change or cancel their subscriptions before the changes take place. 11.8.- 11.9.- Users who wish to request an invoice for the purchase of Subscription Services can find more information at the following link: Request Invoice. In order to process this request, Wallapop will need the applicant’s tax identification information, which is required for the invoice. 11.9.- 11.10.- The prices for the Subscription Service include a 21% Value Added Tax. In those cases in which this tax rate is not applicable under the tax localization rules established in the Value Added Tax Law 37/1992 of December 28, 1992, Wallapop agrees to adjust the tax rate. 11.10.- 11.11.- This service is currently only available in Spain. For more information on our Subscription Service, please click here. 11.11.- 11.12.- Payment Platform for the Subscription Service Wallapop does not provide electronic payment services, nor does it intermediate in their provision. In order to use the Subscription Service on our platform, you must enter into an agreement with the platform Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd, with registered offices at 1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Dublin (Ireland) (“Stripe“). Stripe manages payment services through the regulated entity of its group Stripe Technology Europe, Limited, an electronic money institution authorized and regulated by the Central Bank of Ireland with registered offices at 1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Dublin (Ireland) and with identification number C187865. Stripe To contract Wallapop’s Subscription Service you must register as a user with Stripe, reading and accepting the terms and conditions, privacy policy, and other relevant legal texts accessible via its website. By accessing and purchasing any of Wallapop’s Subscription Services, you confirm that you have carefully read, understood, and agreed to the terms and conditions of use and privacy policies of Wallapop and Stripe. 12.- Payment methods 12.1.- Below, we explain how you can pay for the Items you purchase through Wallapop. Our payment methods can be used for both face-to-face transactions and remote transactions where the Wallapop shipping service has been used (with the exception of payment through PayPal, which is currently only available when using the shipping service). 12.1.- 12.2.- Our payment solutions for remote and face-to-face transactions are provided by by Mangopay, S.A., a limited liability company incorporated under Luxembourg law with registered offices located at 2, Avenue Amélie, L-1125 Luxembourg that is registered with the Luxembourg Trade and Companies Register under number B173459 (“Mangopay“). Mangopay is an electronic money institution authorized and regulated by the Luxembourg financial sector supervisory body (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier). 12.2.- 12.3.- Mangopay processes payments made within our platform and stores information related to credit cards, debit cards, PayPal, and any other payment method supported by Wallapop for this type of transaction. 12.3.- 12.4.- Wallapop does not provide electronic payment services nor does it intermediate in their provision. By accessing and making any payment transaction on Wallapop using the integrated payment services of Mangopay, you confirm that you have carefully read, understood, and accepted Mangopay’s Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy, and other legal texts, as well as those of Wallapop. 12.4.- 12.5.- Any claim or dispute that may arise in connection with the payment services provided by Mangopay should be handled through our customer service office. 12.5.- 12.6.- Below, we present detailed information on the payment methods available to you for transactions made on Wallapop. The payment methods available on Wallapop are as follows: 12.6.- Debit or credit cards: you can pay for articles you want to buy using a credit or debit card. If there are suspicions that the credit or debit card is not yours, you may be asked for more information to verify that the card or payment method belongs to you. PayPal: you can also use PayPal to purchase articles you are interested in on Wallapop. For more information about using PayPal on Wallapop, please click here. Wallet: the wallet is one of the payment methods supported by Wallapop. It is an easy and secure way for Users to manage money from the transactions they make via Wallapop. If you want to buy a product and your e-wallet has money, the balance will be used automatically on a preferential basis. If you do not have enough money in your wallet to purchase the product you are interested in, you can cover the rest of the price using other payment methods that are available depending on the type of transaction. For more information about the Wallet, please click here. Debit or credit cards: you can pay for articles you want to buy using a credit or debit card. If there are suspicions that the credit or debit card is not yours, you may be asked for more information to verify that the card or payment method belongs to you. Debit or credit cards PayPal: you can also use PayPal to purchase articles you are interested in on Wallapop. For more information about using PayPal on Wallapop, please click here. PayPal Wallet: the wallet is one of the payment methods supported by Wallapop. It is an easy and secure way for Users to manage money from the transactions they make via Wallapop. If you want to buy a product and your e-wallet has money, the balance will be used automatically on a preferential basis. If you do not have enough money in your wallet to purchase the product you are interested in, you can cover the rest of the price using other payment methods that are available depending on the type of transaction. For more information about the Wallet, please click here. Wallet We do not accept cash on delivery or prepaid or virtual cards. You can also make mixed payments using both the wallet and your card. If you have money in your wallet, you can pay with the total balance available and use your card to cover the remainder. At the time of payment, you can choose the payment option you prefer. For more information about payments, please click here. 13.- Wallapop’s shipping service 13.1.- Wallapop has an integrated shipping service. This shipping service allows you to ship Items securely. Shipments are made with different transport providers depending on the type of shipment and/or service. Wallapop will not be in any case the provider of the shipping service, and therefore does not participate in the contractual relationship between Users and said provider. 13.1.- Wallapop will not be in any case the provider of the shipping service, and therefore does not participate in the contractual relationship between Users and said provider 13.2.- In order to use this service, it is essential that the entire transaction is completed via Wallapop and that the Item to be purchased complies with our publication rules. 13.2.- 13.3.- The specific price established by the carriers will be indicated to the User when the Item is purchased. The prices for the shipping service include a Value Added Tax of 21%. In those cases in which the tax rate is not applicable under the tax localization rules established in the Value Added Tax Law 37/1992 of December 28, 1992, Wallapop agrees to adjust the tax rate. 13.3.- The specific price established by the carriers will be indicated to the User when the Item is purchased. 13.4.- For more information about the specific conditions of Wallapop’s shipping service, please click here. 13.4.- 13.5.- Payment platform Payments on the platform are made via Mangopay, which provides secure payments and collections between Users on the internet. See “Section 12. Payment Methods” above for more information. Section 12. Payment Methods 13.6.- Wallapop Protection 13.6.1.- Content of the Wallapop Protection By using the Wallapop shipping service, Users benefit from the “Wallapop Protection” service, which includes: 1) The possibility for the Buyer to request a refund in the event that the Buyer indicates, within 48 hours of delivery as notified by the carrier, that the Item is damaged or does not match the description and/or photographs provided by the Seller. 1) refund in the event indicates, within 48 hours of delivery as notified by the carrier, that the Item is damaged or does not match the description and/or photographs provided by the Seller. For this purpose, Wallapop will withhold the price paid by the Buyer until the Buyer proceeds to confirm that the Item is correct within the deadline. Once the Buyer has provided his confirmation or the maximum period specified above has elapsed, the Seller will receive the money relating to the price of the Item in his wallet. Buyer is hereby informed that: You have a maximum period of 48 hours from the delivery notified by the carrier to be able to state whether or not the item is correct. Any claim made after this maximum period will be rejected. In the case of stating that the Item is correct, the Buyer will automatically lose the possibility of requesting a refund through Wallapop Protection. You have a maximum period of 48 hours from the delivery notified by the carrier to be able to state whether or not the item is correct. Any claim made after this maximum period will be rejected. You have a maximum period of 48 hours from the delivery notified by the carrier to be able to state whether or not the item is correct will be rejected In the case of stating that the Item is correct, the Buyer will automatically lose the possibility of requesting a refund through Wallapop Protection. The process to follow for the reimbursement request is detailed in section 13.6.3 of these Terms and Conditions. 2) In case of loss or damage in transport, depending on the case, compensation of the sales amount to the Seller and reimbursement to the Buyer. The compensation to the Seller and/or reimbursement to the Buyer may be total or partial depending on the damage suffered by the Item. 2) loss or damage in transport Users can find the procedures to follow in the event that the Item has been lost or damaged during shipment: In the event that the Item has been lost during shipment, please follow the instructions indicated here In the event that the Item has been damaged during shipment, the instructions listed here should be followed. In the event that the Item has been lost during shipment, please follow the instructions indicated here In the event that the Item has been damaged during shipment, the instructions listed here should be followed. 3) Support to Users by the Wallapop Support Team, which will assist Users with problems in transactions and/or delivery of Items. 3) the Wallapop Support Team Both the Buyer and the Seller are informed that “Wallapop Protection”: It is a service offered by Wallapop as part of the shipping service of Items purchased through the platform and does not constitute, in any case, an insurance. It does not constitute or replace, in any way, any legal right or warranty that Buyer may have under applicable law. It is a service offered by Wallapop as part of the shipping service of Items purchased through the platform and does not constitute, in any case, an insurance. not constitute, in any case, an insurance It does not constitute or replace, in any way, any legal right or warranty that Buyer may have under applicable law. It does not constitute or replace, in any way, any legal right or warranty that Buyer may have under applicable law 13.6.2.- Cost of Protection Wallapop The Buyer must pay, on a mandatory basis, the cost of “Wallapop Protection” in case he/she wants to use the shipping service. You can get more information about the associated cost here. 13.6.3.- Process for claiming reimbursement under Wallapop Protection If the Item received does not conform to Seller’s agreement, Buyer may proceed to open a dispute by following the steps outlined here. open a dispute You will not be able to initiate a dispute process if the period of 48h has elapsed since the notified delivery of the Item by the carrier. Once this period has elapsed, the amount of the sale will be released to the Seller. Nor may you initiate a dispute process if you have already stated that the Article was correct. You must keep the original packaging of the Item received, including the label printed by the carrier. You will not be able to initiate a dispute process if the period of 48h has elapsed since the notified delivery of the Item by the carrier. Once this period has elapsed, the amount of the sale will be released to the Seller. You will not be able to initiate a dispute process if the period of 48h has elapsed since the notified delivery of the Item by the carrier. Nor may you initiate a dispute process if you have already stated that the Article was correct. You must keep the original packaging of the Item received, including the label printed by the carrier. keep the original packaging of the Item received Buyer must provide evidence to substantiate the reason for the return by (i) providing details of what happened and (ii) attaching photographs or videos of the Item received to substantiate that the Item is damaged or does not match the description and/or photographs provided by Seller. Once the dispute has been initiated, Seller may: 1) Accept the return. In this case, the Buyer must return the Item (in the same condition in which it was received) to the Seller following the steps detailed here. 1) Accept the return Buyer has a maximum of 10 calendar days to deliver the Item to the nearest transportation office or delivery point indicated to Buyer. Once this period has elapsed, the dispute will be cancelled and payment will be made to the Seller. Once the carrier notifies the Seller that the shipment has been delivered or made available, the reimbursement order will automatically be executed for the Buyer. The Buyer is obliged to return the Item complete and in the same condition in which it was received. Wallapop reserves the option to take any action deemed necessary in the event that the Buyer fails to comply with this obligation. 2) Do not accept the return and escalate the dispute to the Wallapop Support Team. In the event that the Seller does not accept the return, the dispute will be escalated to the Wallapop Support Team. 2) Do not accept the return and escalate the dispute to the Wallapop Support Team. Upon refusal to accept the return, the Seller may state the reasons for the rejection of the request, as well as provide such information as it deems relevant to the resolution of the dispute. The Wallapop Support Team will evaluate the case, taking into consideration (i) the information provided by both parties and (ii) the Wallapop Return Policy available here, and will make a decision on the case. Wallapop Return Policy a) In the event that, as a result of the dispute, it is determined that the Item is damaged (provided such damage is not attributable to the carrier) or does not match the description and/or photographs provided by Seller, Buyer shall return the Item (as received) to Seller following the steps outlined a) Buyer has a maximum of 10 calendar days to deliver the Item to the nearest transportation office or delivery point. After this period, the dispute will be cancelled and payment will be made to the Seller. The Buyer is obliged to return the Item complete and in the same condition in which it was received. Wallapop reserves the option to take any action it deems necessary in the event that the Buyer fails to comply with this obligation. The Buyer is informed that, depending on the case, it may also be decided that a partial refund of the Item is appropriate (for example, in the event that a part of the Item is operational and functional). b) In the event that, as a result of the dispute, it is resolved that the refund of the Item is not applicable, the Seller will receive the money related to the price of the Item in its Wallapop wallet. b) The handling of the return (either after direct acceptance by the Seller or after resolution of the dispute by Wallapop) will be completely free of charge for both the Buyer and the Seller. handling of the return will be completely free of charge The refund (in the case of a full refund) to the Buyer, entails the return of (i) the price paid for the Item, (ii) the shipping costs and (iii) the Wallapop Protection fee. 13.6.4.- Cases in which the reimbursement of Wallapop Protection does not apply The Buyer shall not be entitled to request the refund included within the “Wallapop Protection” service if: The Buyer indicates, through the platform, that the Item received is correct. Buyer fails to communicate that the Item is not correct within 48 hours after delivery of the Item by the carrier. After opening a dispute, the Wallapop Support Team deems, taking into consideration the evidence provided, that the Item received is not damaged, that it matches the description and/or photographs provided by the Seller or that it does not fall within the assumptions covered by the Wallapop Return Policy available The Buyer indicates, through the platform, that the Item received is correct. Buyer fails to communicate that the Item is not correct within 48 hours after delivery of the Item by the carrier. After opening a dispute, the Wallapop Support Team deems, taking into consideration the evidence provided, that the Item received is not damaged, that it matches the description and/or photographs provided by the Seller or that it does not fall within the assumptions covered by the Wallapop Return Policy available 13.7.- Processing of personal data during shipment In order to deliver the Items, your personal data will be provided to the third party operators charged with their transportation and to the parties who carry out the corresponding transaction or contract, in accordance with the provisions of the regulations on personal data protection. Your data may be shared and processed for fraud prevention or dispute management purposes. 14.- Invalidity or unenforceability of the clauses 14.1.- If any clause included in these Terms and Conditions is declared totally or partially invalid or unenforceable, such invalidity or unenforceability shall only affect the provision or the part thereof that is invalid or unenforceable. These Terms and Conditions shall prevail in all other respects, and the affected provision or part thereof shall be deemed to be severed. 14.1.- 15.- Data protection 15.1.- The Privacy Policy addresses the personal data of the Users collected by Wallapop and the purposes for which Wallapop processes such data. The Privacy Policy and any part thereof are not considered contractual clauses and do not form part of these General Terms and Conditions. 15.1.- 16.- Applicable legislation and competent jurisdiction 16.1-. Any dispute or conflict in the interpretation of these Terms and Conditions, as well as any question related to the services offered by Wallapop, shall be governed by Spanish law. 16.1-. 16.2.- To resolve any disputes that may arise between Wallapop and the Users, both parties agree to appear before the following Courts and Tribunals, depending on the User’s status: 16.2.- In the case of Professional Users, the process identified in the Terms and Conditions for Professional Users must be followed and, if applicable, both parties will appear before the Courts and Tribunals of the city of Barcelona (Spain), waiving other jurisdictions that may be competent. In the case of Consumer Users, the latter may bring their action before the courts corresponding to Wallapop’s domicile, or before the courts of the place where the User is domiciled. In the case of Professional Users, the process identified in the Terms and Conditions for Professional Users must be followed and, if applicable, both parties will appear before the Courts and Tribunals of the city of Barcelona (Spain), waiving other jurisdictions that may be competent. In the case of Consumer Users, the latter may bring their action before the courts corresponding to Wallapop’s domicile, or before the courts of the place where the User is domiciled. 16.3.- Conflicts between Users of the platform must be resolved in accordance with the regulations in force in Spain, without Wallapop taking part in said dispute under any circumstances. 16.3.- Copyright © 2023 Wallapop, S.L. Last revision: 3 May 2023 Terms and Conditions for Business Users 1.- Am I a business user on Wallapop? According to the European Regulation (EU) 2019/1150 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 June 2019 on promoting fairness and transparency for business users of online intermediation services (hereinafter, “P2B Regulation”), if you are a business user on Wallapop you have a series of rights and obligations that you must know. P2B Regulation Before being informed of these rights and obligations, you must know what should be understood as a business user to determine if these Terms and Conditions for Business Users (hereinafter, the “Conditions”) apply to you or not. Conditions In this regard, we will help you with the following definition: according to the current regulation, a “business user” is considered to be any private individual acting within the framework of a commercial or professional activity or any legal entity (e.g. a company, foundation, or association) that offers goods or services to consumer users through our platform for purposes relating to their trade, business, craft, or profession (hereinafter, “Business User”). Business User 2.- Definitions According to the abovementioned P2B Regulation, there are several definitions that can be of your interest as a Business User in order to properly understand these Conditions. Without limitation, the following definitions are highlighted: – “Online intermediation services” means services which constitute information society services; allow Business Users to offer goods or services to consumers, with a view to facilitating the initiation of direct transactions between those Business Users and consumers, irrespective of where those transactions are ultimately concluded; and are provided to Business Users on the basis of contractual relationships between the provider of those services and Business Users which offer goods or services to consumers. Online intermediation services – “Provider of online intermediation services” means any natural or legal person which provides, or which offers to provide, online intermediation services to Business Users. In these Conditions, the Provider of online intermediation services is Wallapop. Provider of online intermediation services – “Consumer” means any natural person who is acting for purposes which are outside this person’s trade, business, craft or profession. Consumer – “Ranking” means the relative prominence given to the goods or services offered through online intermediation services (such as those provided by Wallapop), organised, or communicated by the Providers of online intermediation services, irrespective of the technological means used for such presentation, organisation or communication. This is the criteria used by Wallapop to post on its platform the user’s advertisements. Ranking – “Mediation” means a structured process whereby two or more parties to a dispute attempt by themselves, on a voluntary basis, to reach an agreement on the settlement of their dispute with the assistance of a mediator. Mediation – “Durable medium” means any instrument which enables Business Users to store information addressed personally to them in a way accessible for future reference and for a period of time adequate for the purposes of the information and allows the unchanged reproduction of the information stored. Durable medium 3.- Applicable Conditions These Conditions describe your rights and responsibilities regarding your use of our platform (the “Services”). If you are a Business User (as defined above), these Conditions govern your access to and use of our Services in addition to the Terms and Conditions of use and our Privacy Policy, applicable to all users. Services P2B Regulation and these Conditions are applicable both to Wallapop and to you if you are a Business User. They are therefore legally binding. These Conditions, the Terms and Conditions of use and the Privacy Policy, together form a binding contract between the Business User and Wallapop. If you use a specific service such as a payment or delivery service, its terms and conditions will also form part of the contract. The terms “we”, “our”, and “us” refer to Wallapop, S.L. Please note that if you identify any contradiction between these Conditions and the Terms and Conditions of use, these Conditions shall take precedence. 4.- What do you have to take into account in the event that these Conditions are modified? Wallapop shall notify Business Users in a durable medium of any proposed content modifications to these Conditions. The proposed modifications shall not be implemented before the end of the notification period, which shall be reasonable and proportionate with respect to the nature and extent of the intended changes as well as the consequences for the Business User. The notice period shall be at least fifteen (15) days from the date on which Wallapop communicates the proposed changes. Longer periods shall be provided where necessary to allow Business Users to make technical or commercial adjustments to comply with the modifications. The Business User affected by such changes shall have the right to terminate the contract before the expiry of the notice period. Such termination shall be effective within fifteen (15) days from the receipt of the notice, unless a shorter period applies to the contract. The Business User affected may waive the notice period, either in writing or by clear affirmative action, at any time after receipt of the notice. During the notice period, the offer of new goods or services shall be deemed a clear affirmative action to waive the notice period, except in cases where the notice period is longer than fifteen (15) days. The fifteen (15) day notice period shall not apply where Wallapop: Is subject to a legal or regulatory obligation that requires it to modify the Conditions in a way that does not allow Wallapop to comply with the notice period. Must exceptionally modify the Conditions in order to address an unforeseen and imminent danger related to the defence of online intermediary services, consumers or Business Users against fraud, malware, spam, data security breaches, other cybersecurity risks or similar risks. Is subject to a legal or regulatory obligation that requires it to modify the Conditions in a way that does not allow Wallapop to comply with the notice period. Must exceptionally modify the Conditions in order to address an unforeseen and imminent danger related to the defence of online intermediary services, consumers or Business Users against fraud, malware, spam, data security breaches, other cybersecurity risks or similar risks. Wallapop shall not impose retroactive modifications to the Conditions, except where it must comply with a legal or regulatory obligation or where retroactive modifications are beneficial to Business Users. 5.- Reasons why a decision to suspend or restrict Wallapop’s Service may be triggered 5.- Reasons why a decision to suspend or restrict Wallapop’s Service may be triggered There are a number of circumstances which may lead to the restriction, suspension or termination of the Services of your Wallapop account as a Business User. Your account Services may be suspended in the following cases: For security reasons. We may suspend your account for security reasons, or due to reorganisation of IT resources and in order to improve their provision or configuration. In such cases, we will do our best to keep disruptions to a minimum. If you do not comply with our rules of use. If you do not comply with the rules for the use of the Service regulated in clause 3 and/or the rules for the publication of advertisements regulated in clause 8 of the Terms and Conditions of use. In this case, Wallapop will contact you to inform you of this situation, unless one of the exceptions is applicable which exempts Wallapop from notifying this fact in accordance with the regulations, as will be explained below. If one of your advertisements is reported by users or third parties as fraudulent or illegal. In such case, the advertisement will be disabled from the Wallapop platform and you will be notified. Wallapop will offer you the opportunity to clarify the facts and circumstances that led to the decision of disabling the advertisement, as mentioned above, insofar as the exceptions to the duty to notify the suspension or restriction do not apply. For security reasons. We may suspend your account for security reasons, or due to reorganisation of IT resources and in order to improve their provision or configuration. In such cases, we will do our best to keep disruptions to a minimum. For security reasons If you do not comply with our rules of use. If you do not comply with the rules for the use of the Service regulated in clause 3 and/or the rules for the publication of advertisements regulated in clause 8 of the Terms and Conditions of use. In this case, Wallapop will contact you to inform you of this situation, unless one of the exceptions is applicable which exempts Wallapop from notifying this fact in accordance with the regulations, as will be explained below. If you do not comply with our rules of use If one of your advertisements is reported by users or third parties as fraudulent or illegal. In such case, the advertisement will be disabled from the Wallapop platform and you will be notified. Wallapop will offer you the opportunity to clarify the facts and circumstances that led to the decision of disabling the advertisement, as mentioned above, insofar as the exceptions to the duty to notify the suspension or restriction do not apply. If one of your advertisements is reported by users or third parties as fraudulent or illegal The suspension or restriction of the Services of the Business User account implies that you will not be able to access the advertisements published on the Wallapop platform for the duration of the suspension or that you will not be able to access the advertisements that have been disabled. When you solve the issue after Wallapop has notified you of this suspension or restriction/disabling of the advertisement(s), you will be able to access your Business User account or the disabled advertisement(s) again and, if applicable, publish the advertisement(s) again. suspension or restriction In these cases of suspension, restriction, or disabling of advertisements, Wallapop will notify you beforehand or simultaneously about the action to be taken on your account or your advertisements. Specifically, Wallapop will send you a written communication indicating the reasons for the suspension or restriction of Services. The communication may be sent via the email address provided by you when registering as a Business User or by any other means that is considered to be a durable medium. suspension restriction disabling notify you beforehand or simultaneously There are certain exceptions to the duty to notify the suspension/restriction of Services and the reasons why they were undertaken. Wallapop does not have to provide a statement of reasons where it is subject to a legal or regulatory obligation not to state the specific facts or circumstances or reference to the applicable reason(s), or where it can demonstrate that the Business User has repeatedly breached these Conditions or the Terms and Conditions of use. certain exceptions to the duty to notify The suspension or restriction of the Services or the removal of advertisements due to these reasons shall not give rise to any right to compensation or remuneration that you may claim from Wallapop. In the event of temporary suspension, restriction or disabling, you may use the dispute resolution system set up by Wallapop for Business Users. This system has been set up to manage possible claims and discrepancies that may arise between Wallapop and you during the provision of the Services linked to your account. You can obtain more information about this system in clauses 9 and 10 of these Conditions. In case of restriction or suspension, Wallapop gives the Business User the opportunity to clarify the facts and circumstances within the framework of the internal complaint handling procedure. When the restriction or suspension is revoked by Wallapop, it shall without undue delay reinstate the Business User, including with regard to access to personal or other data that was generated by their use of the Services before the restriction or suspension took effect. 6.- Reasons why a decision to terminate Wallapop’s Service may be triggered We inform you that in certain cases Wallapop may proceed to the early termination of the Service contract linked to your Business User account. The following are causes for early termination of the provision of Services linked to your account: Failure to pay for the Services contracted as a Business User. Repeated non-compliance of the rules for the use of the Service regulated in clause 3 and/or the rules for the publication of advertisements regulated in clause 8 of the Terms and Conditions of use. Unilateral early termination by Wallapop or the Business User with thirty (30) calendar days’ notice. The notice shall be given by written notice to the other party in the event of a serious breach by the other party of any of the obligations set out in these Conditions or the Terms and Conditions of use, provided that the defaulting party has not remedied the breach within this period. The communication may be sent via the email address provided by you when registering as a Business User or by any other means that is considered to be a durable medium. Early and unilateral termination by the Business User, at any time and without giving any reason whatsoever, with thirty (30) days’ notice. Failure to pay for the Services contracted as a Business User. Repeated non-compliance of the rules for the use of the Service regulated in clause 3 and/or the rules for the publication of advertisements regulated in clause 8 of the Terms and Conditions of use. Unilateral early termination by Wallapop or the Business User with thirty (30) calendar days’ notice. The notice shall be given by written notice to the other party in the event of a serious breach by the other party of any of the obligations set out in these Conditions or the Terms and Conditions of use, provided that the defaulting party has not remedied the breach within this period. The communication may be sent via the email address provided by you when registering as a Business User or by any other means that is considered to be a durable medium. Early and unilateral termination by the Business User, at any time and without giving any reason whatsoever, with thirty (30) days’ notice. In the event of early termination of the Services linked to the Business User’s account due to a manifest infringement by Wallapop, you may be entitled to a refund of the proportional part already paid for such Services in advance. The early termination of the Services does not extinguish or modify the rights and obligations of the Business Users or Wallapop arising prior to the early termination of the Services. In other words, invoices issued or to be issued for Services provided by Wallapop up to the effective date of termination shall be deemed due and payable and shall be passed on to the Business User. If Wallapop terminates all of the Business User’s Services, it shall provide the Business User, at least thirty (30) days before the termination takes effect, with a statement of the reasons justifying the decision on a durable medium. This period shall not apply when Wallapop (neither the written statement): Is subject to a legal or regulatory obligation that requires it to terminate or restrict the provision of all Services to a Business User in a way that does not allow it to respect such notice period. Exercises its right of termination for an overriding reason under applicable regulations. Can prove that the Business User concerned has repeatedly breached these Conditions and/or the Terms and Conditions of use, resulting in the termination or restriction of the Services. Is subject to a legal or regulatory obligation that requires it to terminate or restrict the provision of all Services to a Business User in a way that does not allow it to respect such notice period. Exercises its right of termination for an overriding reason under applicable regulations. Can prove that the Business User concerned has repeatedly breached these Conditions and/or the Terms and Conditions of use, resulting in the termination or restriction of the Services. 7.- What are the consequences of the termination of Wallapop’s Services? In the event of termination of the Services, as a Business User you have a migration period of thirty (30) additional calendar days from the end of the contracted period of Services. Or, in the event of non-compliance, you shall have the aforementioned thirty (30) day period, which shall commence with the notification announcing the termination. During this period of time, you may download the information and content generated on the Wallapop platform. After this period of time, Wallapop will definitively remove all the content that you have generated as a Business User from its database and will definitively close your Business User account. If the reason for termination of the Services is because you have breached the Terms and Conditions of use as a Business User, you will have ten (10) days to justify your action before terminating the Services. If, after a review, Wallapop considers that you have not acted against the Terms and Conditions of use, these Conditions and/or the Privacy Policy of Wallapop, we will reinstate access to your business account and the contents of your account. During the time periods provided for in this section, you can use the available dispute resolution and complaints system. More information about this complaints system can be found in clauses 9 and 10. In the event of termination, Wallapop offers the Business User the opportunity to clarify the facts and circumstances within the framework of the internal complaint handling procedure. When the termination is revoked by Wallapop, it shall without undue delay reinstate the Business User, including with regard to access to personal or other data, or both, that was generated by his or her use of the Services before the restriction or suspension took effect. 8.- What are the criteria for classifying advertisements? The ranking and visibility of advertisements on Wallapop is carried out based on different criteria such as: The date of publication, in chronological order. The use of filtering tools offered by our platform, which allows users to select search criteria. The existence of paid subscriptions and featured ads. The date of publication, in chronological order. The use of filtering tools offered by our platform, which allows users to select search criteria. The existence of paid subscriptions and featured ads. The criteria that have the greatest impact on the ranking of advertisements and their visibility are paid subscriptions and featured advertisements, which are also paid. The characteristics of subscriptions and featured advertisements are described in the descriptions of such Services located in the help center on the Wallapop website. It should be clear that the criteria that influence the visibility of advertisements the most are those services where the user pays for a special publication service. Wallapop will maintain and periodically update the variations that may occur in the criteria for the classification of advertisements on its platform. 9.- Find out about our complaints and mediation system We have set up a free internal complaints handling system to ensure that as a Business User you have a channel through which you can send us complaints. It is everyone’s responsibility to ensure that this channel is useful and can resolve complaints within a reasonable period of time. As a Business User, you will be able to file a complaint in these cases: When you consider that we have not complied with any of our obligations in accordance with the P2B Regulation. When technological problems occur that are directly related to the provision of Services and affect you. When it is based on specific measures or conduct of Wallapop that are directly linked to the provision of Services and affect you. When you consider that we have not complied with any of our obligations in accordance with the P2B Regulation. When technological problems occur that are directly related to the provision of Services and affect you. When it is based on specific measures or conduct of Wallapop that are directly linked to the provision of Services and affect you. Once we receive a complaint, we will analyse it with the utmost diligence. In doing so, we will take into account the relevance of the problem raised and the specific circumstances of each case. We will provide you with a reasoned response on the outcome of the procedure in an understandable and individualised written notification. Please note that during the resolution of the complaint, we may maintain the decision to suspend, restrict or terminate the Service early and, after the complaint has been resolved, measures may be taken to reverse the situation if necessary. We also inform you that as a Business User you may at any time initiate a legal complaint if you deem it appropriate, whether or not the internal complaint procedure has been resolved. In order to improve the processes, we undertake to verify, at least annually, the correct functioning of this system and, if necessary, make the appropriate changes to improve its effectiveness. If any changes are made to its operation, we will inform you about the amendment of these Conditions. To file a complaint, you should contact us through this form. Once the complaint has been received, it will be dealt with internally. Each complaint will be reviewed by a group of Wallapop professionals who will be in charge of resolving it. These professionals will have sufficient knowledge of customer service and of Wallapop’s business model, as well as sufficient legal knowledge to be able to deal with complaints objectively and in accordance with the law. However, remember that you still have the Wallapop customer service system at your disposal for all issues that may not be as complex or do not involve a claim as such. Evaluate what your situation is and which is the ideal channel for an optimal solution to your problem. On behalf of Wallapop we will inform you periodically about the use of this system by publishing information about the use that users make of the complaints system. In particular, we will annually verify the information on the functioning and effectiveness of the complaint system and, where significant modifications are necessary, update this information. This information will specify: Total number of complaints submitted. Main types of complaints. Average time taken to process them. Information aggregated in relation to the outcome of complaints. Total number of complaints submitted. Main types of complaints. Average time taken to process them. Information aggregated in relation to the outcome of complaints. 10.- Can I as a Business User use alternative mediation systems? If, despite submitting a complaint and once it has been resolved, you still consider that we have not resolved the dispute, you can access mediation systems to try to resolve the dispute out of court. In accordance with the above, Wallapop will provide two dispute resolution mediators whose actions will meet the following requirements: They shall be impartial and independent Their mediation services shall be affordable for Wallapop Business Users. May provide mediation services in the language of the Conditions governing the contractual relationship, They shall be easily accessible either physically at the establishment or residence of the Business User or remotely using communication technologies. They shall be able to provide their mediation services without undue delay. They shall have sufficient knowledge to be able to contribute effectively to the resolution of disputes. They shall be impartial and independent Their mediation services shall be affordable for Wallapop Business Users. May provide mediation services in the language of the Conditions governing the contractual relationship, They shall be easily accessible either physically at the establishment or residence of the Business User or remotely using communication technologies. They shall be able to provide their mediation services without undue delay. They shall have sufficient knowledge to be able to contribute effectively to the resolution of disputes. Accordingly, Wallapop provides access to the following dispute resolution mediators: Confianza Online Conflict Management Advisers Mediación B2B Confianza Online Conflict Management Advisers Mediación B2B In addition to the above, other mediation entities of recognised prestige may be appointed. Please note that Wallapop will bear a reasonable part of the costs of mediation in each individual case, but the rest of the costs shall be charged to the Business User who has requested mediation. Finally, we would like to inform you that going to mediation does not remove your right to take legal action, which we can also take. In other words, mediation is an option, not an obligation, and at no time will it limit the rights of either party to effective judicial protection. 11.- How do we process personal data at Wallapop? Our Privacy Policy gives a detailed explanation of how Wallapop processes your personal data. Wallapop Trending topics London Manchester Leicester Bristol Wallapop About Jobs Soporte Help center Publishing rules Security tips Legal Legal notice and Ethical Channel Terms and Conditions Privacy Cookies policy Download on the App Store Get it on Google Play Facebook Instagram Twitter Copyright © 2023 Wallapop © de sus respectivos propietarios Trending topics London Manchester Leicester Bristol Wallapop About Jobs Soporte Help center Publishing rules Security tips Legal Legal notice and Ethical Channel Terms and Conditions Privacy Cookies policy Trending topics London Manchester Leicester Bristol Trending topics