defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. You have the right to leave this service at any time. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The service has a no refund policy. This service throttles your use. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. This service is only available to users over 13 years of age. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user . The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. You waive your right to a class action.. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. The court of law governing the terms is in location Delaware, USA. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection..  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service