.com English-Spanish Spanish-English English-Italian Italian-English English-French French-English English definition English thesaurus Español-Français Français-Español Español-Português Português-Español Español: definición Español: sinónimos  WordReference.com is deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information. Consumer Information WordReference.com does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number. E-mails are only used if you register as a member of the forums. However, WordReference.com does obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example) and your IP address. The information collected by WordReference.com is used for the purpose of troubleshooting, targeting ads and measuring ad effectiveness on behalf of advertisers. In some cases, we will also collect information on your preferred target language for translations and search history. This is only used for making the site easier to use and possibly ad targeting. Cookies WordReference uses "cookies" to enhance the user experience, such as remembering your favorite dictionary, counting visitors through tracking and tracking by online advertisers. If you wish to use WordReference without cookies, major web browsers like Chrome and Firefox have add-ons that allow you to block them. By not blocking them and continuing to use this site, you are consenting to their use. If that is not good enough for you, then please do not use this website. Please note: all of our competitors use cookies, as well. We suggest that you pay money for a paper dictionary instead of using this free website. Third Party Cookies In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. Cookies might also be used by other companies, such as Facebook.com and we use analytics software such as Google Analytics to count our visitors. Forum user tracking Spam and trolls are major problems in the forums. To keep the site enjoyable and safe for all users, we log IP address from registration and posting messages and save old email addresses of registered forum members. This information is invaluable for security of the site and its members. We generally do not retain IP logs of unregistered visitors in more than 30 days. GDPR Change your GDPR consent settings.