Which language would you like to use this site in? Close English Who We Are How We’re Run Work with us What We Do Countries Get Involved Take Action Become a member Take an online course Latest News Campaigns Education Research Impact Search Donate Now Amnesty International is committed to ensuring the privacy of all our users. We have long campaigned for the right to privacy and against government surveillance and intrusion. This policy represents our commitment as an organisation to your right to privacy, giving you a clear explanation about how we use your information and your rights over that information. This policy applies to all online systems offered by Amnesty International Limited to the public, through our website www.amnesty.org and other websites we operate. Amnesty International Limited is the registered data controller to which the policy refers. Our full details can be found at the end of this policy and please feel free to contact us with any questions related to it. This policy was last updated on [1] June 2018 and is reviewed every 12 months. The type and amount of information we receive and store depends on how you use our websites. You can access most of the pages on our websites without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. In some circumstances your information may be shared with us by third parties, but only where you have specifically consented. Examples include registering for a human rights education course with our external provider, or if you register your interest in joining Amnesty International or one of its campaigns through Facebook, Facebook will share information such as your name and email address with us. We use your personal information collected via our websites for the following purposes: Data protection law requires us to have a legal justification to process your personal information. We use the following depending on the type of data and the type of processing: ConsentWe require your consent to send you our communications for example to send you emails to update you on our work and our campaigns and to request donations. We will only process your information in this way if you consent. If you apply for a job with us and provide us with sensitive personal information (including details of your race, ethnicity, gender) we will only process that information with your consent. Legitimate interestWe sometimes share your personal information with other parts of the Amnesty International global movement (see below). This is done to fulfil our legitimate interest in promoting our organisation as effectively as possible and enabling our message to reach people who may be interested in human rights. To fulfil a contractual obligationIf you donate to us or express an interest in joining our movement we will process the personal data you provided to process that donation or action your membership request. Legal obligationWe will process your personal information to fulfil any legal obligations placed upon us, such as the prevention of fraud or money-laundering. We will also process your personal information if lawfully required to do so by a legal authority or a court of law. NecessityFor example where you are applying for an employment or volunteering opportunity with us, processing certain information is necessary for employment purposes. SecurityWe take appropriate security measures to ensure that we keep your information secure, accurate and up to date. We also take care to ensure that we have secure systems for processing payments through our payment services provider. However the transmission of information over the Internet is never completely secure, so while we do our best to protect personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to our websites. On our website we sometimes have links to third party websites or applications. This policy does not apply to such pages or applications hosted or operated by other organisations. This includes the websites or applications of Amnesty International sections or related organisations or third party sites. These other sites may have their own privacy policies which apply to them. We will only share your personal information in the following circumstances: Sharing with other parts of the Amnesty International global movementAmnesty International Limited is one part of Amnesty International’s global movement. Our movement is made up of over 60 membership organisations working to end human rights violations globally, including within the UK. Some of these bodies are formally constituted and others not. We may share your information with these entities who may then use your personal information in connection with their activities. For example, if you have expressed an interest in joining Amnesty International or sign a petition, we may share your contact details with your local Amnesty International organisation. To the extent that sharing your information in this way requires us to transfer your personal information outside of the EU, we have contractual arrangements in place to ensure that your data is shared and processed by the recipient organisation to an EU standard. Hosting and processing arrangementsOur websites are hosted by third-party service providers and therefore any personal details you submit through them may be processed by that third-party service provider. This includes your IP address and other personal information you may choose to provide (for example if you sign a petition). We also use other third parties to process your personal details including in the following areas: All third party services providers process your personal information only on Amnesty International Limited’s behalf and are bound by contractual terms that are compliant with data protection law. We participate in Facebook’s custom audience and lookalike audience programs, which, depending on your privacy settings with Facebook, enable us to display our content to our existing or potential supporters on Facebook. We provide personal information such as your email address to Facebook which securely encrypts it. That personal information is then deleted by Facebook if it does not match a Facebook account or once they confirm you have an account. Payment processing and fraudWhere submitted, your card details may be disclosed to banks or relevant financial institutions to arrange payments. In the case of a suspected fraudulent transaction, your details may be further disclosed for the sole purpose of performing further checks (for example, disclosure to a credit checking agency). Other sharingWe may also share your personal information with your permission, or if we are legally required to disclose your information in circumstances where this cannot be reasonably resisted. A cookie is a text-only piece of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will normally contain the name of the Internet domain from which the cookie has come, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. If you are under 18 years of age and would like to get involved in Amnesty International’s work, please make sure that you have your parent/guardian’s permission before giving us personal information. We only hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the purposes outlined above. We remove personal data from our systems once it is no longer required, in line with our guidelines on how long important information must remain accessible for future use or reference, as well as when and how data can be destroyed when it is no longer needed. The length of time each category of data will be retained will vary depending on how long we need to process it for, the reason it was collected and in line with any statutory requirements. After this time the data will either be deleted or we may retain a secure anonymised record for research and analytical purposes. The personal data we hold about you is yours. You have the following rights over your information: Amnesty International Limited is committed to the responsible handling of personal information collected as part of the recruitment process. Information provided by you in connection with your application will only be used by Amnesty internally in relation to recruitment and selection processes and will not be disclosed to a third party without your consent, except as required by law and except to our service provider (see our general statement for more details). Sensitive personal information regarding gender, age, sexual orientation, religion and faith, caring responsibilities, disability, ethnic origin and region of origin will be anonymised and will be used for cultural diversity and equal opportunities monitoring purposes only. Unsuccessful applications will be retained for a period of three years after the conclusion of the selection process. We will also ask that you confirm that you are happy to process in the form of our declaration, printed below: DeclarationI confirm that the information provided in my application is true and complete. I agree that any deliberate omission, falsification or misrepresentation in the application form will be grounds for rejecting this application or subsequent dismissal if employed by the organisation. Where applicable, I consent that the organisation can seek clarification regarding professional registration details. I consent to Amnesty International processing my personal information on the privacy terms set out above. By post: Amnesty International, International Secretariat1 Easton StreetLondonWC1X 0DWUK [email protected] If you wish to lodge a complaint about our handling of your personal data please get in touch with us on the details above with the details of your complaint; we aim to respond to all complaints within 14 working days. If you are dissatisfied with how we have handled your complaint you may lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office which is the UK regulator in charge of data protection and privacy enforcement: About Us Contact Us Modern Slavery Act Statement Finances Resources Media Centre Human Rights Education Human Rights Courses Annual report archive Join Volunteer If you are talented and passionate about human rights then Amnesty International wants to hear from you. Privacy Policy Cookie Statement Permissions Refunds of Donations Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram