Sprite Lab Artist App Lab Game Lab Dance Party View all projects... Sign in Teach About Privacy & Legal  Date of Last Revision: June 1, 2023 Code.org® is a US-based charitable nonprofit dedicated to expanding access to computer science in schools and increasing participation by young women and students from other underrepresented groups. Our vision is that every student in every school has the opportunity to learn computer science. Our Privacy Policy is fueled by our commitment to the following Privacy Principles: Visitors and users of the Services and participants in our education programs are referred to in this Privacy Policy individually as “User” (or “you” depending on the context) and collectively as “Users.” Any User that creates a student account is referred to as “Student” even if they are using the Code.org Services outside of a school setting. Similarly, any User that creates a teacher account is referred to as “Teacher.” As a not-for-profit organization, we use the data we collect only insofar as it helps our mission of providing a high-quality computer science education for every student in every school. We established ourselves as a not-for-profit organization so that a for-profit motive will not interfere with our mission of providing a trusted educational resource. The sections below describe the ways Code.org collects and uses personal data, which refers to any information that Code.org can use to reasonably identify a User as an individual (directly or indirectly), as well as information that is or can be reasonably linked (directly or indirectly) to a User or a User’s device. This includes things like name, display name, email address, school name and address, telephone number, etc., provided by Users (“Personal Information”), persistent cookies or IP addresses automatically collected (“Persistent Identifiers”), as well as some of the non-Personal Information and technical information (described below) we collect that is associated with a User. We generally collect personal data in three ways: (1) information a User voluntarily provides to us by using the Services, (2) information we automatically collect as a User uses the Services, and (3) information from third parties. The types and amounts of personal data collected vary depending on whether the User is a Student, Teacher, parent or other visitor, and on how they use the Services, but can be generally categorized as (a) account registration data (such as username, password, email address), (b) demographic data (such as age, gender, race), (c) Technical data (such as browser or device, IP address, login times), (d) User uploaded data (such as images and sounds), (e) User response or feedback data (such as survey responses and notes to and from Teachers); (f) platform usage data (such as progress data, projects created), and (g) contact data for non-curriculum processes (such as email addresses for educators, parents, and others who wish to receive newsletters and other updates). We generally use personal data to (1) provide our Services, (2) personalize User experiences, (3) communicate with Users or others (such as donors or educators), (4) provide or facilitate professional development for CS teachers, (5) understand, improve, develop, and protect our Services, and (6) for legal, compliance, and safety reasons. Our goal is to minimize the personal data we collect. We do not require Users to create a Code.org account or otherwise provide Personal Information in order to participate in the Hour of Code tutorials or to try our courses. However, we cannot save a Student’s learning progress or a Teacher’s class records unless a User creates a Code.org account. The following table describes the data that Code.org collects and stores if a User creates a Code.org Student or Teacher account for use with Code.org courses. * A Teacher account on Code.org has all the functionality of a Student account, and as a result the data collected and stored for a Teacher account is a superset of the data stored for a Student account. If you register for a Code.org account through an authentication service (such as Google Accounts, Microsoft Accounts, Facebook Connect, Clever, or PowerSchool), you give Code.org permission to store and use information already associated with your authentication service consistent with this Privacy Policy and the table above. In these instances, Code.org only receives information from the authentication services - Code.org does not share information with such services. You may revoke Code.org’s access to your account on any authentication service at any time by disconnecting the respective authentication service from your account settings. You should check your privacy settings on each authentication service to understand and change the information sent to us through such service. Please review each authentication service’s terms of use and privacy policies carefully before connecting them to our Services. When you use certain non-curriculum features of our Services, Code.org may ask you to provide Personal Information including your full name, email address, age, school or company name, and postal code or school street address, as well as your billing and/or shipping information when necessary to complete a purchase or make a donation. Examples include signing forms or petitions to help advocate for computer science, providing information to put your school on the map of schools teaching computer science, contacting us for help or information via customer support pages, subscribing to receive email communications from Code.org, participating in a workshop, signing up as a local volunteer, bringing Code.org programs to your school or district, donating to Code.org, purchasing t-shirts or other items, nominating a teacher, or participating in online surveys. This information is used to enable your participation in the relevant feature and to send you occasional emails with information about Code.org that we feel may interest you. All non-transactional emails we send include an “unsubscribe” link. (When a User identified as under the age of 16 signs our online petition supporting Code.org’s mission, any name or email address they provide is deleted from our servers and thus never used.) If you enter your name to create a certificate of completion upon finishing select courses or exercises, we store the certificate data in order to allow you to print and/or share the certificate digitally (e.g., on social media). We periodically delete this data, which may impact the certificate sharing function. We may ask Users to provide us with optional demographic information (such as gender, age, race or ethnicity), which we use in aggregate to better understand our User base. Computer science educators may provide a school or classroom street address, along with a description of course offerings, in order to allow students or parents to find local schools, summer-camps, or workshops that teach computer science in their neighborhood. If you use the Services to request that we send someone information about Code.org (e.g., nominate a teacher or administrator for professional development, or send a teacher “thank you”), we will only send them emails for the specific purpose you identify - they will not be added to any mailing lists (unless they sign up). The recipient may see your name and your description of why you submitted their information. Additionally, in the US and where applicable, we may share a nominated teacher’s name, school, and city (but not the teacher’s email address or your name) with our Regional Partner in the teacher’s state, so that our partner knows the teacher was recommended and to help process the teacher's application for a scholarship to the partner’s local workshops. Code.org does not request or collect GPS or other precise location data. We may collect and store non-precise location information (e.g., the approximate geographic region of a computer or mobile device, as determined from the IP address) to help provide educational experiences or email updates that are tailored for that region. In certain situations, we may obtain information, including Personal Information, from third parties or other sources. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal data that we collect through the Services, we will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your sharing of Personal Information or other personal data with those third parties will also be subject to their privacy policies. To provide a personalized learning and high-quality experience for our Users, we may use various technologies that automatically record certain technical information from the User’s browser or device, including browser language settings, standard log files, web beacons, or pixel tags. This technical information may include Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring or exit pages, click stream data, operating system, and the dates and times the User visited the Services. This information assists us in providing the Services and understanding how our Users are using the Services. We may also use pixel tags (also known as a “clear GIF” or “web beacon”), which are tiny images – typically just one pixel – that can be placed on a Web page or in an email to tell us when the recipient has displayed that page or opened that email. We may allow third-party service providers to place and read their own cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies to collect information through the Services to perform the service we’ve requested. This technical information is collected directly and automatically by these third parties. Student and Teacher profiles cannot be customized with a photo. As part of certain in-browser programming tools available on Code.org (such as “App Lab,” Game Lab,” “Web Lab,” and “Sprite Lab”), Students can upload custom images, text, sound, and videos to the Code.org platform to use within applications or “apps” that they create. These files are stored by Code.org, but are not used by Code.org for any purpose other than within the applications created by Users. When we allow uploads of images, sounds or videos by Students under age 13, we implement controls that block Student sharing of such projects as described in the table above. In select courses, such as the Code.org CS A AP course, Teachers may optionally enable peer review groups within their classroom sections to allow students to provide feedback on other students’ projects. The student feedback is visible only to the Teacher and to students within the group designated by the Teacher. The Teacher may disable the feature at any time and may also delete specific feedback. In addition, Teachers may provide written feedback to their Students on coursework. Users may also send messages to Code.org for customer-support requests. Other than the above, the Services do not directly provide any other form of messaging among Users (although Users could use Code.org tools to create apps that support messaging among individuals). For a small minority of our Students, and only if they are over the age of 18, we may offer the opportunity to participate in a “longitudinal” study to understand the multi-year impact of learning computer science. Participation in such a study is entirely optional. Students who receive an offer and choose to participate will be asked to provide their contact information (email address and optionally other forms of contact that may be more convenient for the Student). This contact information will not be shared with third parties, nor used in any way outside the purpose of such a study – to ask Students to participate in surveys. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected this information from a Student under 18, we will delete such information immediately. Some laws, such as California’s Student Online Personal Information Protection Act (SOPIPA) and similar state laws, prohibit the gathering of the Personal Information of K-12 students for targeted advertising purposes. Code.org abides by such laws and shall not use, disclose, or compile Personal Information of Students on the Services for the purpose of marketing or advertising commercial products or services. We do not disclose Personal Information or other personal data of Students to third parties for marketing purposes. We may use data (including personal data) we obtain or generate from the operation of our Services to (1) conduct internal research to improve, repair, or develop products, services, or technology; (2) identify and repair technical errors; (3) prevent, detect, protect against and respond to security threats or incidents; and (4) perform internal operations. We do not rent or sell personal data or any other information that we collect from Users, or exploit it for financial gain in any other way. Code.org will never share or grant rights to personal data with other third-party organizations to use without your consent, except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the explicit ability and choice to opt-in. In particular, we do not share any personal data you provide with our donors or sponsors (only de-identified reports as described below) without your explicit consent. The sections below explain circumstances in which we may share personal data with third parties. We may also share de-identified or aggregate data that does not reasonably identify any individual or User. If a Student belongs to a Teacher’s section, we will share Student account information, course progress, and standalone projects with that Teacher so the Teacher can help manage the Student’s progress. The Student will also see limited information about their Teacher including their Teacher’s display name and section information. Code.org partners with U.S.-based nonprofit professional learning organizations (our “Regional Partners”) as well as similar organizations outside the U.S. (our “International Partners”) (collectively our “Local Partners”). We share limited personal data (never including Student personal data) with these partners to allow them to run local professional development workshops and support teachers and schools in their region. Each Local Partner signs an agreement with Code.org that requires them to comply with this Privacy Policy and to treat any information received through the partnership as confidential. If you are a Teacher participating in one of the professional development workshops run by our Local Partners, your name and contact information will be shared with the facilitator and/or the Code.org Local Partner(s) who runs the professional learning program in your area. In addition, the facilitator, Local Partner(s), and your school district will have the opportunity to access your continued progress in our in-person and online professional learning courses in order to coach you, facilitate your additional learning, and follow your professional development progress. In some cases, your school district may require this information in order to compensate you for workshop attendance. They may also be able to see your overall class progress to support your classroom. Local Partners and facilitators will not have any data on specific Students, but they will be able to see the overall number of students and class demographics. If Code.org is paying for your travel to our professional learning workshops for Teachers, we will - with your explicit permission - share your name and contact information with our travel partner to facilitate booking your travel. We may also share the list of schools (solely the school identities, without any personal data about Teachers or Students) that use Code.org or have participated in our professional learning program with select partners, such as a local, state, regional, or national education agencies or authorities, so long as such partners agree to treat the information as confidential. We also provide Teachers other opportunities (such as when adding their school to the map of schools teaching computer science) to share their contact information (name, school, email) — at their option and under their control — with a Code.org Local Partner so that teachers can be contacted about local professional learning workshops, resources, and events. Our Local Partners or other partners can sometimes provide additional programs or services such as scholarships or free supplies for schools. When these services or programs are available locally, Teachers will have the option to share their personal data, such as email address, school name, and school ID with a specific partner to opt in to a specific service or program to support their classroom. In certain cases, Users may choose to post information that is publicly accessible on our Services. This includes making public posts as a Teacher on our forum, offering to be a volunteer if a User is over the age of 18, or choosing to put information about a User’s school or organization on a public map. When you are filling out a form to post information on our Services, we will always make it clear exactly what will be shared publicly. Some of our Users choose to post their code-creations or other information to social networks. This functionality is entirely optional. When you post content to social networks, the content posted is entirely under your control, and never posted automatically on your behalf by Code.org. Typically this content includes only the code (i.e., the app or animation or game or other content that is part of the project) that you wrote, posted alongside any other remarks you may choose to add to it. We may also re-share (e.g., retweet) public posts made by Users, educators, media, governments, or others on social media platforms without seeking permission. When a User contacts us with a support request, they may provide personal data, which is shared with a Code.org support representative in order to process the User’s request. Code.org support representatives are either employees or independent contractors of Code.org, and will always have signed an agreement requiring them to protect and not disclose confidential information including personal data of Users, and to use it only in the context of resolving product support requests. Code.org promotes Student and Teacher work on our Services and social media channels. These profiles and similar testimonials are published with the permission of the participating Student or Teacher and, if applicable, their parent, legal guardian, or teacher, and may include personal data such as the name, likeness, and photo or video of the person being profiled. As indicated above, we may also re-share public posts from other platforms (where we are not the original publisher) without seeking permission. Code.org may disclose personal data if required to do so by law, or if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with local, state, federal, international, or other applicable laws or respond to a court order, judicial or other government order, subpoena, warrant, or administrative request. In some cases, we may make such disclosures without first providing notice. Code.org may disclose personal data that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to: take precautions against liability; protect Code.org from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; investigate and defend ourselves against third-party claims or allegations; assist government enforcement agencies; protect the security or integrity of the Services; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Code.org, our Users, or others. In the event that Code.org is acquired by, or combined or merged with, another entity, we may transfer or assign the personal data that we have collected as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. Our promise to you is that any personal data we have collected will be used, shared, and safeguarded by the acquiring organization under the same conditions described in this Privacy Policy. We may share or publish de-identified or aggregate data about Students, Teachers, and our Services for various purposes. De-identified and aggregate data does not contain any personal data. For example: We may provide our Local Partners with de-identified demographic information and information about usage of courses and professional learning programs for schools and districts in their area. They will not see names or contact information of any Teacher unless that Teacher chooses to share it as part of signing up for a local professional learning workshop or joining their professional learning program. We may work with third parties (such as universities and education research organizations) to improve our services or offerings and disclose automatically collected and other aggregated and de-identified data to these authorized partners to conduct research on online education or assist in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns for certain programs, content, services, promotions, and/or functionality on the Services. We require any research partner that receives de-identified data from us to agree in advance that they will not attempt to use this data to identify Users. Code.org uses physical, administrative, and technical safeguards designed to reasonably protect the confidentiality, availability, integrity, and security of personal data and other information we collect and maintain in connection with the Services. These safeguards include, for example, restrictions on physical access to the data center, hardened system configuration, two-factor authentication, patch management, disaster recovery processes, employee security and privacy training, employee background checks, and third-party security resources, among others. We encrypt Personal Information in transit and at rest, and we have generally aligned our security practices to the NIST Cybersecurity Framework. However, no security measures can fully ensure the security of any or all of the personal data or other information we collect and store. If you transmit personal data to Code.org you do so at your own risk. We cannot guarantee that such personal data and other information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, administrative, or technical safeguards. If we learn of a data security incident that compromises or appears to compromise your Personal Information or that of your Students, we will attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Code.org’s goal is to minimize the personal data we collect. For instance, Code.org does not directly collect or store payment instrument data. Donations to Code.org or purchases from the Code.org store are processed via third parties, and although Code.org receives a receipt for donations (for tax purposes), we never receive the payment instrument data (such as credit card number or wallet information). Similarly, Code.org does not collect or store biometric or health-related data and other sensitive categories of data except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. Even when Code.org collects personal data in order to provide the Services, we attempt to minimize the data we store. For instance we intentionally choose not to store email addresses for Code.org Student accounts or phone numbers used in our send-to-phone feature. Code.org’s officers, directors, employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason (related directly to furthering our charitable, nonprofit, education-focused mission) to access personal data we maintain about Users or others (e.g., to assist in product support). Code.org provides staff privacy and security training and will require our officers, directors, employees, agents, and contractors to comply with this Privacy Policy, and to treat any personal data of Code.org Users as confidential information. Due to the nature of the Services, projects and other data created while using the Services are generally meaningful only in the context of the Services and it is not technically feasible to transmit such data to the user or other entities for use outside of Code.org. We will, however, consider specific requests for data portability on a case-by-case basis. Unless we receive a deletion request, we may retain your personal data as long as a User account is active, as long as the personal data is necessary or useful for operational purposes, or as required under any contract or by applicable law. We may indefinitely retain information which has been de-identified or aggregated such that it is no longer personal data. We do not engage in targeting advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a User. Therefore, we do not process requests to “opt-out” of such processing. Code.org does not require an account to try our courses. However, Students and Teachers with an account may update, correct, or delete Personal Information and other personal data in their Code.org accounts at any time via the account settings page after logging into their account. Teachers can go to their section’s “Manage Students” tab to update the most common settings or to access and delete a Student’s login information. Teachers also have the ability to reset the password of any Student not using a personal email login in their section who is not also a Teacher. A parent or legal guardian of a Student under the age of 18 may also review Personal Information and other personal data and correct erroneous information, if any, by asking the Student or Teacher to access the Student account. Except as described below, personal data of any Student that is in a Teacher's section will be under the control of the Teacher. The Teachers for these sections get access to the Student’s course progress and display name, but not their email address. If a Student is no longer associated with a Teacher’s section, that means the Student’s account will no longer be managed by the Teacher and the Student may retain possession and control of the Student-Generated content by creating a personal email login. If a Teacher deletes their own Teacher account (and all sections under their account) or removes a Student from a section they manage, the Student account in the section will also be deleted unless the Student has created a personal email login for their Student account. If the Student has created a personal email login, the Student account generally will be removed from the Teacher’s section but the Student account will not be deleted. However, we may be contractually obligated to delete, at a school’s request, all student accounts enrolled in a teacher’s section even if the student account uses a personal login. If a student wishes to maintain full control over a student account they use outside of school, the student should not use that account to enroll in a teacher’s section, and should instead create and use a separate student account for the teacher’s section. We automatically delete personal data associated with Student or Teacher accounts that have remained unused and inactive for a period of time in accordance with our data retention policies. This privacy notice supplements our full Privacy Policy and provides additional information about how we collect, use and share Personal Information from children under the age of 13 (a “Child” or “Children”). The Code.org Services are designed for Users of all ages, including Children with the involvement of and pre-authorization by their school, teacher, parent or legal guardian. As a nonprofit entity, Code.org is not subject to the Children's Online Privacy Act (“COPPA”). However, Code.org takes numerous steps to promote parental involvement in their Child’s use of Code.org and to minimize the collection and use of Personal Information from Children as described throughout this Privacy Policy, some of which go beyond COPPA requirements, including: We do not require Users to create a Code.org account or otherwise provide Personal Information in order to participate in the Hour of Code tutorials or to try our courses. However, we cannot save a Student’s learning progress or a Teacher’s class records unless the User has a Code.org account (whether an account with a personal login or an account created by a Teacher). When a Child creates a Code.org account using a personal login, we request a username, age (not birthdate), password, and email address (although we retain only a one-way hash of Student email addresses). In some jurisdictions, we may seek the consent of a parent or legal guardian before establishing the account for a Child. When Code.org is used by a School in an educational setting in classrooms with Children, we strongly recommend that Teachers not ask their students to create Code.org accounts with personal logins. Instead, we recommend that Teachers use one of the account creation methods noted below. Teachers who have classrooms with Children can create Code.org accounts without personal logins by using either a rostering service like Google Classroom or Clever, or by creating Code.org logins with picture passwords or secret word passwords that Teachers set for each student in a Teacher section (in which case the School may avoid providing any Personal Information). When Schools create Code.org accounts in these manners, we rely on the Teacher/School to obtain required consent, if any. As previously noted, in some jurisdictions if a Teacher chooses to have students create accounts with personal logins, we may require parental consent for the account creation - which can result in delays and hinder classroom participation. Similarly, if a Child later seeks to add a personal login to access their Code.org account independently of their Teacher or School (e.g., they wish to maintain their account and projects for use outside of school or after the school year ends), we may require parental consent in some jurisdictions to create the personal login - however, the Child will continue to be able to use their existing School login credentials pending the parental consent for the personal login. Although parental consent is not generally required, in those jurisdictions where we require such consent in connection with a Child account, the parent may provide consent by responding affirmatively to an email sent by Code.org to the Parent’s email address provided by the Child during registration. We will send a reminder email after a few days if no response is received, but if we do not receive consent within the time prescribed, the Child’s account will be closed and all account information (including the parent’s email information) will be deleted from our systems. If parental consent is received, the Parent’s email address will be automatically linked to their child’s account to stay updated on their Child’s progress and projects - and the Parent email address can also be used for password recovery and to request support (including account deletion at any time) for the Child’s account. Parents will need to ensure they know their child’s email address and username for support requests. Code.org does not display targeted advertising on the Service. We do not disclose personal information of Children for direct marketing purposes or for targeted advertising purposes - on our site or on other sites. The Code.org Services may link to, and may be linked from, websites operated by other entities or individuals. Some third-party websites, such as the Code.org Facebook page and Twitter page, may be co-branded with our name or logo. Use of these third-party services are completely optional and typically meant only for adult users. These services are governed by the privacy policy of these third parties. We encourage you to review these third-party privacy policies for details about how they may collect, store, and use your personal data if you choose to engage with them. Code.org does not allow advertising on our Services, and we do not have the ability to collect web search history across third-party Internet websites or search engines. However, if you navigate to the Code.org Services via a web search, your web browser may automatically provide to us the web search term you used in order to find Code.org. Because Code.org doesn’t display advertising or track browsing on third-party sites, we do not do anything different in response to “do not track” signals transmitted by web browsers. We use the embedded YouTube player in Privacy Enhanced Mode to deliver computer science videos within our curriculum. This means that YouTube does not place cookies or track viewing behavior for advertising purposes. Our student-facing curriculum does not embed any YouTube videos that are not part of our curriculum. We have disabled the “rel” functionality of YouTube, which prevents the embedded YouTube player from playing related content outside of our curriculum. We have also tagged our “YouTube” videos on the site for “child-directed treatment.” Schools can also choose to block access to YouTube, in which case we use a fallback option that plays videos directly from our Services. We offer clearly marked links to visit Facebook or Twitter to share various things such as User creations or certificates on Code.org. Using an account on these third-party social networking services is entirely at your option and under your control, and will not result in behavioral tracking of your browsing behavior on Code.org. However, because we know that these services use behavioral targeting as part of their advertising business model, on student-facing course and activity pages, we don’t offer links to these services to Students under the age of 13, or in schools that have blocked Internet access to these services. Our Services are operated and managed on servers located within the United States. If you choose to use our Services from regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that differ from U.S. law, then you acknowledge and agree that you are transferring information, including personal data, outside of those regions to the United States and that, by providing your personal data on the Services, you are providing your consent to that transfer. If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA) and you choose to use our US-based Services, we collect and process personal data about you only where we have a legal basis for doing so under the GDPR or other applicable EU laws. This means we process your personal data only where: If you have consented to our use of personal data for a specific purpose, you have the right to change your mind at any time, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place. When we are using your personal data because we or a third party have a legitimate interest to do so, you may have the right to object to that use though, in some cases, this may mean no longer using the Services. If you use our Services from the EEA, your personal data will be transferred to and processed in the United States. The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR. Therefore, Code.org generally relies on derogations for specific situations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR for such transfers. In particular, Code.org collects and transfers to the U.S. personal data (1) with your explicit consent or (2) to perform a contract with you. Code.org endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with Code.org and the practices described in this Privacy Policy. In most cases, Code.org is the controller of personal data we collect and process through the Services. In some cases, however, such as where we have entered into an agreement with an educational authority to provide the Services to its students, they may be the controller and we may be their processor (in which case you should direct any requests regarding your personal data to the controller). Where we are the controller of your personal data, you have the following rights: We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Code.org will notify Users of any change to our Privacy Policy by posting the revised Privacy Policy with an updated date of revision on our Services. If we make material changes to the Privacy Policy we will highlight that fact with a short notice of the revision conspicuously posted on the Services homepage. We will contact Users and notify them of the changes if required by law. We stand behind the promises we make, and will not change how we use personal data we have already collected from Users in any material way without also providing notice of the change via email, through the Services, or through other means, and obtaining consent via your continued use to any new data use policies after such notice. Where applicable, we will not make any material changes to the Privacy Policy that relate to the collection or use of Student Records without first giving notice to the School and providing a choice before Student Records are used in a materially different manner than was disclosed when the information was collected. | العربية Azərbaycan dili български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español (España) Español (LATAM) Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Filipino Français Gaeilge Galego עברית हिन्दी Hrvatski Magyar Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano 日本語 ქართული Қазақша ಕನ್ನಡ ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 Кыргызча Lietuvių Latviešu Māori (NZ) Монгол хэл मराठी بهاس ملايو ဗမာစာ Nederlands Norsk (Nynorsk) Norsk (Bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Pусский Davvisámegiella Sāmoa සිංහල Slovenčina Slovenščina Shqip Cрпски Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ภาษาไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Oʻzbekcha Tiếng Việt 简体字 繁體字 Code.org © Code.org, 2023. Code.org®, the CODE logo and Hour of Code® are trademarks of Code.org. Built on GitHub from Microsoft × Close Please select your language العربية Azərbaycan dili български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español (España) Español (LATAM) Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Filipino Français Gaeilge Galego עברית हिन्दी Hrvatski Magyar Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano 日本語 ქართული Қазақша ಕನ್ನಡ ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 Кыргызча Lietuvių Latviešu Māori (NZ) Монгол хэл मराठी بهاس ملايو ဗမာစာ Nederlands Norsk (Nynorsk) Norsk (Bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Pусский Davvisámegiella Sāmoa සිංහල Slovenčina Slovenščina Shqip Cрпски Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ภาษาไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Oʻzbekcha Tiếng Việt 简体字 繁體字 Submit × Close Please select your language العربية Azərbaycan dili български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español (España) Español (LATAM) Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Filipino Français Gaeilge Galego עברית हिन्दी Hrvatski Magyar Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano 日本語 ქართული Қазақша ಕನ್ನಡ ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 Кыргызча Lietuvių Latviešu Māori (NZ) Монгол хэл मराठी بهاس ملايو ဗမာစာ Nederlands Norsk (Nynorsk) Norsk (Bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Pусский Davvisámegiella Sāmoa සිංහල Slovenčina Slovenščina Shqip Cрпски Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ภาษาไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Oʻzbekcha Tiếng Việt 简体字 繁體字