Sprite Lab Artist App Lab Game Lab Dance Party View all projects... Sign in Teach About Privacy & Legal  Date of Last Revision: December 14, 2022 Please read these Terms of Service (“Terms”) carefully before accessing or using the Services. Accessing or using any part of the Services or clicking on an “I Agree” or “Sign Up” button that may be made available to you means that you agree to be bound by these Terms without modification. These Terms are a legal contract between you (the “User”) and Code.org regarding your use of the Services. In the event these Terms are translated into another language resulting in any potential conflict or ambiguity, the official version of the Terms shall remain the English version. You may use the Services only if you can form a binding contract with Code.org and are not a person barred from receiving the Services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdiction. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, school, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so. You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. Note: If you are a teacher creating an account on behalf of your students, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service on behalf of the educational organization you work for, and are authorized to do so. These Terms are subject to change. You are agreeing to be bound by such changes if you continue to use the Services after these Terms change, so please check these Terms for changes periodically. Some Services may be subject to additional posted guidelines, rules or terms of service (“Additional Terms”) and your use of such Services will be conditioned on your agreement to the Additional Terms. If there is any conflict between these Terms and the Additional Terms, the Additional Terms will control for that Service, unless the Additional Terms expressly state that these Terms will control. If you are an Educator and you register an account for a student who is under the age of 13 (a “Child”), you represent and warrant that you or the educational organization you work for has proper permission to register the Child for Code.org, and that you have obtained the necessary parental consent for Code.org’s collection of the Child’s personal data for the use and benefit of the school and for no other commercial purpose. In addition, you agree to be bound by these Terms on behalf of the educational organization you work for. If you create an account for Services, you are responsible for the security of your account and for keeping your own password safe. If you are using an account assigned to you by an Educator, your Educator may be able to access and disable your account. Code.org may permit you to register an account for the Services through certain third party social networking services, such as Facebook Connect and Google (“Authentication Service”). By registering for the Services using an Authentication Service, you agree that Code.org may access your account information from the Authentication Service and you agree to any and all terms of use of the Authentication Service regarding your use of the Services via the Authentication Service. You are solely responsible for your interactions with the Authentication Service. If you are a student that uses an account registered for you by an Educator or otherwise connected to an Educator, you agree that Code.org may disclose your information to the Educators associated with your account. If you are an Educator, you agree not to share Student Records (as defined in our Privacy Policy) you receive from Code.org with anybody other than authorized agents of the classroom, school district, or other educational establishment you represent. Code.org does not use Student Records for any targeted or behavioral advertising, profiling, or onward disclosure. Teachers may contribute educational content, create answers to assessments, create derivative works (e.g., completion of assignments, projects, etc.), and transmit said data and content within the School’s systems through the Services (collectively, “Teacher Content”). Schools and Users may submit feedback, comments or suggestions for improvements to the Services (in written, oral, or any other form) (“Feedback”). By submitting or distributing User Content through the Services or directly to Code.org staff, you hereby grant to Code.org a worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, assignable, fully paid-up, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right and license to host, transfer, display, perform, reproduce, modify, distribute and redistribute, adapt, prepare derivative works of, use, make, have made, import, and otherwise exploit your User Content (which should not contain any Student’s Personal Information), under all intellectual property rights therein, in whole or in part, in any media formats and through any media channels (now known or hereafter developed). In addition, by submitting or distributing User Content through the Services, you hereby grant to each user of the Services a non-exclusive license to access and use your User Content. You hereby grant to Code.org a limited, non-exclusive, sublicensable (as necessary to provide the Services, including distributing Teacher Content), worldwide, royalty-free, and transferable (only to a successor) right and license to: Code.org will only share and use your personal data in accordance with Code.org's current Privacy Policy. When you upload or create User Content, this can be viewed by your Teacher and (under your control) by other Users and this means that you are allowing others to access and use that information and to associate it with you. By uploading, creating, submitting or distributing User Content through the Services, you hereby grant other Users a non-exclusive, transferable (only to a successor), royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, create derivative works, publicly display and perform any of your User Content that is incorporated into that User's project, provided that Code.org shall not use or distribute your User Content on a stand alone basis if Code.org’s license grant has been terminated as set forth below. The foregoing license and restrictions does not limit Code.org rights under any third party or open source license in which your User Content may be licensed. In addition to the rights, licenses and privileges referred to above, you agree that Code.org may use and refer to your User Content, first name and screenname that are posted publicly on the Code.org Website and not in private areas of our Service (“Public Content”) (including screenshots) in marketing materials, press releases, financial reports, presentations, website materials, customer lists and other media now known or hereafter discovered in connection with the marketing, advertising and promotion of the Service, and any products, goods, features, capabilities and/or services associated with the Service. This right will continue until your Public Content is deleted; provided however, that any Public Content previously printed in brochures, articles or other marketing materials that Code.org had prepared before any request for deletion was received will continue to be used. The User Content license above will terminate when you or your School (i) delete any User Content containing intellectual property rights (like images or videos) or personally identifiable information (such as that in Student Data); or (ii) delete your account, unless your User Content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted it. Such termination may not apply to User Content or Teacher Content, including Student Data or in messages sent through Code.org, that may be deemed an “education record” under the Family Education Rights Act (FERPA) or various other student privacy laws, and which a school controls (“Education Record(s)”). We will delete any Education Record upon receiving a valid request for deletion from your school. Please see our FAQ for more information. Additionally, such termination will not affect the license rights granted to other Users to use your User Content if they previously copied your User Content and they have not deleted it. When you or your School delete User Content it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle or trash bin on a computer. However, you understand that any removed User Content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time following deletion (but will not be available to others). Additionally, you understand and agree that User Content may continue to appear on Code.org, even after you have terminated your account or these Terms of Service, as portions of your User Content may have been copied by other users and/or incorporated into their coding projects. You are solely responsible for User Content you post to the Services and the consequences of posting or publishing them. By uploading, submitting, creating, or publishing your User Content to or through the Services, you represent, and warrant that: (1) you are the creator and owner of your User Content and that you have the authority to use or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish the User Content you submit; (2) your User Content does not and will not: (a) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right or (b) slander, defame, libel, or invade the right of privacy, publicity or other property rights of any other person; and (3) your User Content does not contain any viruses, adware, spyware, worms, or other malicious code. We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any User Content on the Website and to suspend or terminate users, without liability to you, in our sole and final discretion. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, (iv) respond to user support requests, or (v) protect the rights, property or safety of Code.org, its users and the public. Our Services are intended for educational purposes. Although our Services (e.g., App Lab, Game Lab) enable users to create apps and projects with a wide range of functions to learn and explore computer science - including potential multi-user functions - you may not create chat apps or similar multi-user apps to be hosted on the Code.org platform outside of a legitimate classroom context. You also may not create apps that have a commercial purpose or aspect to be hosted on the Code.org platform. We reserve the right at all times (but will not have the obligation) to remove such apps and to suspend or terminate users who violate these terms in this or any other manner. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services: (i) access, tamper with, or use nonpublic areas of the Services, Code.org’s computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of Code.org’s providers; (ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; (iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through currently available, published interfaces that are provided by Code.org (and only pursuant to those terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with Code.org (NOTE: crawling the Services is permissible if done in accordance with the provisions of the robots.txt file, however, scraping the Services without the prior consent of Code.org is expressly prohibited); (iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source-identifying information; (v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, bullying or harassing, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail-bombing the Services, or by scripting the creation of Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services; (vi) create chat apps or similar multi-user apps outside of a legitimate classroom context; (vii) create apps with any commercial purpose or aspect; or (viii) upload or create offensive, bullying, obscene, threatening, or other harmful Content (as determined in our sole and final discretion). Code.org has no obligation to monitor User Content or other materials. You are responsible for evaluating all User Content including for accuracy, completeness and reliability, and you bear all risk of using such User Content. Code.org will not be responsible for any damages that you may incur as a result of the submission or use of any User Content. Code.org may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review any Services where Educators communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to chat rooms, live chats, bulletin boards or other user forums, and the content of any such communications. You assume the risk of such communications, and Code.org has no liability related to the content or use of any such communications. Users may include links to third party websites in User Content as long as the content of such websites does not violate these Terms. Clicking on such links is at your sole risk. Code.org is not responsible for the availability or the content of linked websites, including the advertising, products or other materials thereon. The following table provides an overview of the licenses and restrictions governing Code.org software code, videos, curriculum and tutorial materials, and APIs, as well as data we publish from the Conference Board. More detailed descriptions are provided below. The celebrities and video “cast“ members appearing in Code.org tutorials and videos reserve all rights to their likeness and name. By allowing you to redistribute these videos or tutorials AS-IS, Code.org does not grant any additional rights to use of the likeness or name of these individuals. Code.org respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Services to do the same. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law and are properly provided to us. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide us with the following information: (i) a physical or electronic signature of the copyright owner or a person authorized to act on their behalf; (ii) identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed; (iii) identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material; (iv) your contact information, including your address, telephone number, and an email address; (v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. It is Code.org’s policy to respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding User Content) are and will remain the exclusive property of Code.org and its licensors. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, patent and other laws of the United States. The content, information, data, designs, code, and materials associated with the Services (“Content”) are protected by intellectual property and other laws. You must comply with all such laws and applicable copyright, trademark or other legal notices or restrictions. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the Code.org name or any of the Code.org trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding Code.org, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you. Subject to these Terms, you may access and use the Services only for your own personal, noncommercial use. We reserve all other rights to the Services and Content, and otherwise you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, publish, display, perform, or create derivative works of the Services or Content without our permission, except with respect to Code.org’s library of videos, curriculum, tutorials, and API as set forth above. Upon request, we may expressly authorize you to redistribute certain Content for personal, noncommercial use. We will identify specifically the Content that you are authorized to redistribute and describe ways you may redistribute it (such as via email, blogs, or embedded players). We may revoke this authorization at any time. If you redistribute Content, you must be able to edit or delete such publicly posted Content and you must edit or delete it promptly upon our request. In addition, notwithstanding any of the foregoing, use of Content or Services will NOT be permitted if such use constitutes an endorsement of a 3rd party brand, service or product or if access to such redistributed Content or Services is not provided free of charge. The CODE® logo design is a registered trademark of Code.org. You may only use the Code.org logo or trademark with the permission of Code.org, and only in reference to Code.org. Mash-ups or combinations of the Code.org logo or name with other logos or names are specifically prohibited. Code.org does not represent or warrant that the Services will be error-free, free of viruses or other harmful components, or that defects will be corrected. We do not represent or warrant that the information available on or through the Services will be correct, accurate, timely or otherwise reliable. We may make changes to the features, functionality or content of the Services at any time. We reserve the right in our sole discretion to edit or delete any Content, information or other materials made available as a part of the Services. The Services may include intellectual property of other entities, which have provided Code.org limited use permission. Your use of the Services does not provide any right to copy, reproduce, or otherwise use such entities’ intellectual property except as explicitly stated herein. In addition to the trademarks and copyright limits set forth in the “Your License to Use Code.org Videos, Tutorial, Data, and APIs” section, other trademark and copyrights used on the Services include, but may not be limited to: Google Classroom is a trademark of Google Inc. © Google Inc. Amazon Web Services and the “Powered by AWS” logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates in the United States and/or other countries. The Code.org store and Code.org support forums are operated by third parties. Please read the User Agreement and Privacy Policy for these sites separately before purchasing an item from the Code.org store or before posting a question or answer to the support forum. By accessing the Code.org store and support forums, you agree to be bound by the respective user agreement and privacy policy of these third parties. Code.org encourages software engineers to volunteer as mentors in the classroom to assist teachers in computer science education. Code.org’s platform does not connect students directly to volunteers or mentors. Instead, Code.org provides Educators information about potential volunteers without any warranty, references, or background checks. If you are an Educator who chooses to ask for the assistance of a volunteer sourced via Code.org’s database, it is entirely your responsibility to thoroughly check references or perform the necessary background checks. Code.org provides no warranty or information other than the ability to contact a potential volunteer, and all liability in any use of volunteers rests only with you. Code.org does not guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information provided by volunteers and we neither adopt nor endorse, nor are we responsible for, the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made by any party other than Code.org. Under no circumstances is Code.org responsible for any loss or damage resulting from any person's reliance on information or other content posted on the Service or transmitted by others. A. Pledges and Donations. If you make a pledge or donation on this website, You agree to pay all pledges and donations specified. B. Payment Methods. Code.org will charge the pledge or donation you authorized, if any, to the credit or debit card you designate. You authorize the credit or debit card you designate to pay any amounts described herein and authorize Code.org, or any other company that acts as a billing agent for Code.org, to continue to attempt to charge all sums described herein to your credit or debit card account until such pledge or donation are paid in full. C. Credit Card Authorization. If you use a credit card to pay for any pledge or donation related to the Website, you will be asked to provide Code.org with a credit card number from a card issuer that we accept. Code.org may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account to verify the credit card is valid and/or has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your pledge or donation. These pre-authorizations will reduce your available balance by the authorization amount until it is released or reconciled with the actual charge. Please contact your credit card issuer if you have additional questions regarding when an authorization amount will be removed from your statement. Please read this section carefully since it limits the liability of Code.org and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors (collectively, the “Code.org Entities”). Each of the subsections below only applies up to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts, and as a result the contents of this section may not apply to you. Nothing in this section is intended to limit any rights you may have which may not be lawfully limited. Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, THE CODE.ORG ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. The Code.org Entities make no warranty and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services; and (iv) whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the Code.org Entities or through the Services, will create any warranty not expressly made herein. The Services may contain links to third-party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that the Code.org Entities are not responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; (ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources; or (iii) the protection of the privacy of personal data collected on such websites or resources. Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by the Code.org Entities of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources. You may provide links to the code.org site, provided (a) that you do not remove or obscure, by framing or otherwise, the copyright, trademark service mark notices or other notices on the site, (b) your site does not engage in illegal or pornographic activities, and (c) you discontinue providing links to the site immediately upon request by us. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE CODE.ORG ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD-WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE CODE.ORG ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID CODE.ORG, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE CODE.ORG ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. SOME STATES OR OTHER JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. The failure of Code.org to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the State of Washington without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or those of your state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in King County, Washington, United States, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. If you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you. For such U.S. federal government entities, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of Washington (excluding choice of law). These Terms are the entire and exclusive agreement between Code.org and you regarding the Services (excluding any services for which you have a separate agreement with Code.org that is explicitly in addition or in place of these Terms), and these Terms supersede and replace any prior agreements between Code.org and you regarding the Services. No other person or company will be third party beneficiaries to the Terms. These Terms and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Code.org without restriction. Any assignment attempted to be made in violation of these Terms shall be null and void. You agree, to the extent permissible by law, to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Code.org, its affiliated companies, contractors, employees, agents and its third-party suppliers, licensors, and partners (“Code.org Indemnitees”) from any claims, losses, damages, liabilities, including legal fees and expenses, arising out of any use or misuse of the website, the Services, any violation of the Terms, or any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made herein, whether by You or by any Child associated with you if you are a Parent. Code.org reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify Code.org, and you agree to cooperate with Code.org’s defense of these claims. Code.org will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action, or proceeding upon becoming aware of it. | العربية Azərbaycan dili български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español (España) Español (LATAM) Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Filipino Français Gaeilge Galego עברית हिन्दी Hrvatski Magyar Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano 日本語 ქართული Қазақша ಕನ್ನಡ ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 Кыргызча Lietuvių Latviešu Māori (NZ) Монгол хэл मराठी بهاس ملايو ဗမာစာ Nederlands Norsk (Nynorsk) Norsk (Bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Pусский Davvisámegiella Sāmoa සිංහල Slovenčina Slovenščina Shqip Cрпски Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ภาษาไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Oʻzbekcha Tiếng Việt 简体字 繁體字 Code.org © Code.org, 2023. Code.org®, the CODE logo and Hour of Code® are trademarks of Code.org. Built on GitHub from Microsoft × Close Please select your language العربية Azərbaycan dili български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español (España) Español (LATAM) Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Filipino Français Gaeilge Galego עברית हिन्दी Hrvatski Magyar Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano 日本語 ქართული Қазақша ಕನ್ನಡ ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 Кыргызча Lietuvių Latviešu Māori (NZ) Монгол хэл मराठी بهاس ملايو ဗမာစာ Nederlands Norsk (Nynorsk) Norsk (Bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Pусский Davvisámegiella Sāmoa සිංහල Slovenčina Slovenščina Shqip Cрпски Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ภาษาไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Oʻzbekcha Tiếng Việt 简体字 繁體字 Submit × Close Please select your language العربية Azərbaycan dili български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Español (España) Español (LATAM) Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Filipino Français Gaeilge Galego עברית हिन्दी Hrvatski Magyar Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano 日本語 ქართული Қазақша ಕನ್ನಡ ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 Кыргызча Lietuvių Latviešu Māori (NZ) Монгол хэл मराठी بهاس ملايو ဗမာစာ Nederlands Norsk (Nynorsk) Norsk (Bokmål) Polski Português (Brasil) Português (Portugal) Română Pусский Davvisámegiella Sāmoa සිංහල Slovenčina Slovenščina Shqip Cрпски Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ภาษาไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Oʻzbekcha Tiếng Việt 简体字 繁體字