Close menu Opens in new tab Privacy Policy This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how Legend Pictures, LLC (“Legend,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collects, processes and retains your Personal Information when you use the website (www.nerdist.com) (the “Site(s)”), however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices, tablets or other means. This Privacy Policy also applies to interactive features or downloads that are owned or operated by Legend Pictures, LLC, are available through the Site, or that interact with the Site and post this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy covers information collected at the Site and does not cover any information collected at any other website or offline by Legend (unless specifically stated). Additionally, please note that Section 1. of this Notice, which describes our collection and use of information through our Website, also serves as our Notice at Collection for California residents for purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). By using the Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet, accessible through this Site. [email protected] We collect two types of information: Personal Information and Other Information. Personal Information is any information: Additional Uses. We may also use all of the categories of Personal Information noted above as we believe necessary:(1) if we determine a policy violation has occurred, to enforce our rights, or to enforce agreements;(2) if we believe such processing is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action regarding the rights and property of ours or our affiliates;(3) to enforce our rights or protect against unauthorized access to our systems or other inappropriate use of our services, products, or other services;(4) to comply with laws, regulations, court orders and subpoenas or similar requests for information by authorities;(5) to protect your safety and the safety of others;(6) to perform audits;(7) to contact you about Site or policy updates;(8) for research and analytics, including to identify usage trends, and to improve and update our products and services; and(9) to assist us in fraud prevention or investigation, all on the basis of our legitimate interest in the continuation of our commercial activities and the protection of our rights. Aggregate or De-identified Information. We may collect, use and share information that does not identify you (including information that has been aggregated or de-identified) except as prohibited by applicable law. We will maintain and use de-identified information in de-identified form and will not attempt to reidentify the information, except to make sure the information is truly de-identified. Retention. We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is needed to carry out the purposes we’ve described, or as otherwise required by law. The criteria used to determine the applicable retention period for your Personal Information includes the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you as a consumer and whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject that requires us to retain your Personal Information. Where we have no continuing purpose to process your Personal Information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We collect and obtain information from:You. We collect information when you provide it to us directly offline or online, through a web form or direct communication with us by email or other message system.Service Providers and Contractors. We work with service providers and contractors, including marketing agencies, advertising technology vendors, fulfillment vendors and analytics providers, who collect information on our behalf in order to provide services to us, such your IP address, general location, demographic information or other information for the purpose of personalizing our advertisements to you. We only allow our service providers and contractors to collect and use your Personal Information in connection with the services they provide us and as otherwise permitted by law.Other Entities. We may collect information about you from other entities, including, for example, social media sites. When you engage with our Site on or through third-party social networking sites, such as Facebook or Twitter, and allow us to have access to information from your profile (e.g., name, email address, photo, gender, birthday, location, friends, followers, the posts or the ‘likes’ you make), we may collect information about you from those other entity sites. You can control what data you share through privacy settings available on some social networking sites. For more information about how you can customize your privacy settings and how such third-party sites treat your Personal Information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use. We do not allow you to connect your YouTube account to the Site, however, we may embed YouTube videos into articles you may choose to click on the Site. If you visit a YouTube or Google site, the terms of service and privacy policies for those sites apply. Cookies and Similar Technologies: We may use online tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons and/or embedded scripts, to help us remember devices associated with user of the Site, analyze the parts of our Sites that users visit, the length of time spent at any particular area, and the specific functionalities that users choose to use. Essentially, cookies are a user’s identification card for our servers. Web beacons are small graphic files linked to our servers that allow us to track your use of our Site. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with us. All of these help us remember and respond to what you do on our Site. During at least the past 12 months, we have disclosed your Personal Information outlined in the table above to the following categories of entities: You have certain rights with respect to Personal Information under certain U.S. state privacy laws. Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), these rights have been extended to Personal Information collected, used, and shared between businesses (B2B), however, these rights have not been extended in any other state. As a result, these rights are limited to consumers and not applicable to individuals in their capacity as employees of businesses that are exchanging personal information between one another. If you are in Europe, please review the section titled “Your European Privacy Rights” below. For purposes of this subsection, the terms “consumer”, “Personal Information”, “business purpose”, “third party”, “sell”, and “share” have the meanings ascribed to them respectively in the applicable state law. To the extent provided for under the applicable laws, you may have the right to: We directly market to you through e-mail and direct mail. You may unsubscribe from certain email communications by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link provided at the bottom of an email sent to you by Legend. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your use of the Site and these transactional messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from marketing communications. You may also limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving targeted ads to you by going to your device settings and turning off tracking for advertising purposes.Most browsers allow you to control tracking tools on your web browser. You do not have to accept cookies to use our Website; however, if you disable cookies, certain functionality on our Website may be lost. Most browsers allow you to delete cookies or decline to accept cookies by going to the preferences, tools or options menus of your browser. Selections you make are device-specific and browser-specific, meaning that you should update your preferences on each device you use and within each browser. Any opt-outs through these tools are specific to the device and browser you are using, so you should opt-out for each web browser and on each device you use. Your opt-out preferences will be deleted any time you clear your web browser’s cookie cache. Please note that if you opt out using any of these methods, the opt out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any opt out options or programs, or the accuracy of any other entities’ statements regarding their opt out options or programs. We incorporate commercially reasonable safeguards to help protect and secure your Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our Site and provide us with your information at your own risk. The Site is operated in the United States but made available globally, so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally. If you are located in the EEA, Canada or anywhere else outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including, without limitation, Personal Information, will be transferred to, processed and stored in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your Personal Information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the Site or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States. Where required by law, we will transfer your personal data subject to appropriate or suitable safeguards, such as Standard Contractual Clauses. This Notice does not address, and we are not responsible for the privacy, security, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site or service to which the Site links. The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates.In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, usage, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, or any other third-party app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, device manufacturer, or wireless service provider, including with respect to any Personal Information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Site. This Privacy Policy reflects our current practices, and is subject to change and update from time to time.. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy we will modify the “Effective Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy to indicate when such changes have come into effect. If we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will inform you through a notice advising of such change at the beginning of this Privacy Policy and on our Site. The Site is a general audience website and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children younger than the age of sixteen (16). We will delete any Personal Information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of sixteen (16). YouTube content may be included with or made available via the Site. Google requires this notice: If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our Site, please contact us  Be a part of the fellowship: v2.08 – © Nerdist All Rights Reserved