 Privacy Policy Last Modified: 2023-06-01 The original version of this Privacy Policy is written in English. To the extent any translated version of this Privacy Policy conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information gathered when you are using or accessing the Services. This Privacy Policy also covers our treatment of any information about you that our partners share with us or that we share with our partners. Third Party Services Also: This Privacy Policy doesn’t govern what our users do on their Tumblr blogs and we aren't responsible for the information collection and use practices of our individual blogs and bloggers. One of the great features of Tumblr's products is customizability, and bloggers have a lot of flexibility in how their blogs behave. When you visit a blog in our network, that blog may collect more information than we do, and may provide information to third parties that we have no relationship with, including to advertisers. Account Information: Account Account Information Email Communications with Us: We send two kinds of email: ones about fun stuff happening on Tumblr, and ones with important information about your account. You can opt out of the former, but not the latter. Information about Your Accounts on Third Party Services: You can link your Account to certain Third Party Services. In order to do so, you may provide us with your username or other user ID for a Third Party Service, and you may then be required to log into that Service. After you complete this login process, we will receive a token that allows us to access your account on that service so that we can, for example, post your content to that service when you ask us to. We do not receive or store your passwords for your Third Party Service accounts. Information about Your Accounts on Third Party Services: Information Obtained from Third Party Services: In some cases, we partner with Third Party Services that may provide information about you. Such information could include, for example, your gender, if you have disclosed that information to that third party and made it available for Tumblr to access. To the extent we obtain such information, we may use it to develop new Services or to improve or enhance the Services. When you connect other services to your Tumblr account, those services might share information about you with us. What gets shown to us is determined by their privacy policies, which are long and boring, but which you should probably read if you have questions or concerns. Information Obtained from Third Party Services: When you connect other services to your Tumblr account, those services might share information about you with us. What gets shown to us is determined by their privacy policies, which are long and boring, but which you should probably read if you have questions or concerns. User Content: By default, all sharing through the Services is public, and when you provide us with content it is published so that anyone can view it. Although we do provide tools, like password-protected blogs, Asks, and Fan Mail, that let you publish content privately, you should assume that anything you publish is publicly accessible unless you have explicitly selected otherwise. Also, please keep in mind that anything you share privately with another user, particularly through an Ask, Fan Mail, or submitted post, may be posted publicly by that user. Content published and shared publicly is accessible to everyone, including search engines, and you may lose any privacy rights you might have regarding that content. In addition, information shared publicly may be copied and shared throughout the Internet, including through actions or features native to the Services, such as reblogging. At its heart, Tumblr is a public platform. Don’t be afraid to share amazing things, but do understand that it can be hard to completely remove things from the internet once they’ve been reblogged a few times. User Content: At its heart, Tumblr is a public platform. Don’t be afraid to share amazing things, but do understand that it can be hard to completely remove things from the internet once they’ve been reblogged a few times. Native Actions: The Services allow you to perform native actions that are integral to our products, such as liking a post, reblogging a post, replying to a post, and following a blog. Liking, reblogging, and replying are public actions – anyone can expand the “notes” view on a post, for example, to see who liked, reblogged, or replied to a post. We use information about native actions to improve the Services, develop new Services, and, particularly, to personalize your Tumblr experience. Personalization using this information may include presenting you with new posts relevant to what you’ve liked, providing you with better search results, and showing you advertising more relevant to your interests. Reblogs, Likes, and Replies are a matter of public record, so if you’re truly ashamed of your desires it’s best to keep them to yourself. But why? Be proud of who you are. You’re beautiful. We’re looking you in the eyes and telling you how beautiful you are. Native Actions: Reblogs, Likes, and Replies are a matter of public record, so if you’re truly ashamed of your desires it’s best to keep them to yourself. But why? Be proud of who you are. You’re beautiful. We’re looking you in the eyes and telling you how beautiful you are. Information About User Content: Contact and Financial Information We do not, however, store that financial information; such information is stored by our payment processor (the "Payment Processor"). Please note that if you use the Payment Processor’s services, your data will be handled in accordance with the Payment Processor’s privacy policy and practices. They have their own rules about information collection, use, storage, and sharing, which you should review before using the Payment Processor’s services. We do receive certain information from our Payment Processor: (1) a unique token that we connect with your Account to enable you to make further purchases using the information stored by our Payment Processor and (2) in certain cases, the last four digits of the credit card number associated with that token, so that we can prevent fraudulent transactions and identity theft. Payment Processor Information Related to Use of the Services: We collect information about how people use the Services, including those with an Account. This type of information may be collected in our log files each time you interact with (i.e., make a request to) the Services. We use internal tools and third party applications and services (like Google Analytics or comScore) to collect and analyze this information. Some of this information may also be associated with the Internet Protocol Address (“IP Address”) used to access the Services; some may be connected with your Account; and some may only be collected and used in aggregate form (as a statistical measure that wouldn’t identify you or your Account). We also collect your IP Address when you make a post, particularly when you submit an anonymous “Ask.” We may use this information about how you and others interact with the Services for a number of things generally related to enhancing, improving, protecting, and developing new Services, including but not limited to: providing users with personalized content; providing users with targeted advertising; improving our search results; identifying trending or popular content; fighting spam, malware, identity theft and generally keeping our users and community safe; and for legal and safety reasons as set forth in “Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others.” We use information about how you interact with Tumblr in order to personalize it for you, to keep both you and our community safe from harm, and to improve Tumblr for everyone who uses it. Information Related to Use of the Services: IP Address We use information about how you interact with Tumblr in order to personalize it for you, to keep both you and our community safe from harm, and to improve Tumblr for everyone who uses it. Information Related to Your Web Browser: We automatically receive and record information from your web browser when you interact with the Services, such as your browser type and version, what sort of device you are using, your operating system and version, your language preference, the website or service that referred you to the Services, the date and time of each request you make to the Services, your screen display information, and information from any cookies we have placed on your web browser (as described below). We also sometimes detect whether you are using certain web browser extensions and store that information in a manner associated with your Account. We use web browser-related information to enhance and improve the Services. Information Related to Your Web Browser: Location Information: Information Related to Your Mobile Device: We may collect and store information related to your mobile device. In some cases, we may receive, generate, or assign your mobile device a unique identifier for the purposes described above in “Information Related to Use of the Services.” We may also ask you to provide your phone number to enable new products and improve the Services, such as by enabling multi-factor authentication for Account login. We will always ask you whether it’s OK for us to collect and store your phone number. Information Related to Your Mobile Device: Cookies and web tags let us learn how people use Tumblr, which in turn helps us make a better product for you to use. Tumblr gives you some choices over which cookies we set and how we use your data. Information About Your Contacts: Certain features of the Services allow you to provide us with your contact lists, so that we can connect you with people in our Services that are also on those contact lists. For example, you can temporarily connect your email contact information to your Account, so that we can provide you with a list of your email contacts that use the Services. As another example, you can send us your mobile phone contact information through our mobile applications, which then allows us to provide you with a list of those contacts that use the Services so that you can “follow” their blogs. We will give you a choice as to whether or not you provide us such information, and we will disclose fully, within the appropriate feature, how we use that information. We won’t look at (or be able to look at) your contact list unless you ask us to. Why would you ask us to? Because that’s how you would find out if any of your contacts are on Tumblr. We discard this information immediately afterward. Information About Your Contacts: We won’t look at (or be able to look at) your contact list unless you ask us to. Why would you ask us to? Because that’s how you would find out if any of your contacts are on Tumblr. We discard this information immediately afterward. Derived Information: As described above in “Native Actions” and “Information Related to Use of the Services,” we analyze your actions on the Services in order to derive or infer characteristics that may be descriptive of your Account (for example, what kinds of blogs you follow or what kinds of posts you view, like, or reblog). We use this information for all of the purposes set forth in “Information Related to Use of the Services,” above. Derived Information: In order to provide you with all of this Tumblr content for free, Tumblr selectively runs advertisements. We, and our parent company, Automattic, work with online advertising companies to provide you with advertising that is as relevant and useful as possible. To make our ads more relevant and useful, we make educated guesses about your interests based on your activity on our sites and services. The ads we show you often reflect these interests and educated guesses. Managing your choices for personalized advertising experiences: In some geographic locations, Tumblr users have the legal right to opt-out of having ads personalized to them. Note that if you opt-out you will continue to see advertisements on Tumblr, though they will be less relevant and useful to you. Managing your choices for personalized advertising experiences When using the mobile app version of Tumblr on Apple iOS devices you can also opt out of personalized advertising by selecting "Limit Ad Tracking" in the iOS settings. For more information about these iOS options: When using the mobile app version of Tumblr on Android devices you can opt-out of personalized advertising by selecting "Opt out of Interest Based Ads” in Google settings. For more information about these Android options: We never share information we receive from you unless: (a) we have your permission to share that information; (b) we have given you prior notice that the information will be shared, and with whom (such as in this Privacy Policy); or (c) that information is aggregate information or other information that does not identify you. Information Shared with and Received from our Corporate Parents: Automattic owns us and we share with it and the Automattic family of companies. Information Shared with the Public Through the Services: Information Shared Between the Services: We may, if possible, aggregate information about your use of multiple Services and use that consolidated information to enhance and improve the Services, and to develop new Services. Information Shared Between the Services: Information You Share with Third Party Services: You may access Third Party Services through the Services, for example by clicking on externally-pointing links. You may also choose to share information that you provide to us, like blog posts, with those Third Party Services (for example, by sharing posts to Twitter or Facebook). This Privacy Policy only governs information we collect and you are responsible for reading and understanding those Third Party Services' privacy policies. You can automatically publish the posts you make on Tumblr to other sites (like Facebook or Twitter). That’s where our Privacy Policy ends and their policies begin. Make sure you’re cool with the policies of any services you’re considering sharing to before connecting them to your Tumblr account. Information You Share with Third Party Services: You can automatically publish the posts you make on Tumblr to other sites (like Facebook or Twitter). That’s where our Privacy Policy ends and their policies begin. Make sure you’re cool with the policies of any services you’re considering sharing to before connecting them to your Tumblr account. Information Shared with Our Agents in Order to Operate and Improve the Services: In some cases, we share information we store (such as IP addresses) with third parties, such as service providers, consultants, and other agents ("Agents"), for the purposes of operating, enhancing, and improving the Services, and developing new products and services. For example, we may share information with service providers that help us fight spam, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you (hey there!), registrars and registries that allow us to provide domain registration services, analytics providers that help us understand and improve our services, and third party partners that pitch in on our marketing efforts (like identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services), along with third-party consultants who may have access to information in the process of improving our processes and technology. Agents with whom we share such information for these reasons are generally bound by confidentiality obligations and, unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use information we share with them beyond the scope and duration of what is necessary to assist us. Information Shared with Our Agents in Order to Operate and Improve the Services: Agents Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell business assets. In these transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this policy. Should we happen to get acquired (again!) or go out of business (no way), the transfer of assets from us to our buyer may very well include user information. They are allowed to use it only in the ways outlined here, in the Privacy Policy you are reading right now. Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers: Should we happen to get acquired (again!) or go out of business (no way), the transfer of assets from us to our buyer may very well include user information. They are allowed to use it only in the ways outlined here, in the Privacy Policy you are reading right now. Information Disclosed to Comply With Legal and Regulatory Requirements: Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others: Don’t make us narc on you. We don’t want to. But we do need to protect everyone who uses Tumblr from harming us, each other, or themselves. We work hard to balance privacy and community, and we’re sure you can appreciate the challenges in that, and the seriousness with which we take those challenges. Information We Share with Your Consent or at Your Request: If you ask us to release information that we have about your Account, we will do so if reasonable and not unduly burdensome. Information We Share with Your Consent or at Your Request: Information Shared with Other Third Parties: We may share or disclose non-private information, Aggregate Information, or other non-personally identifying information with people and entities that we do business with. Information Shared with Other Third Parties: Your Account Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. We may enable additional security features in the future, like multi-factor authentication. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your Account and information by creating a unique, secure, and protected password and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your Account on the Services. Tumblr will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, for as long as your Tumblr account is active or as needed to provide you with the Services. If you no longer want Tumblr to use your information to provide you with the Services, you may close your account and Tumblr will delete the information it holds about you unless we need to retain and use your information to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements or as otherwise permitted by law. If you are a registered user, you can access most information associated with your Account by logging into the Services and checking your Account Settings page. Registered and unregistered users can access and delete cookies through their web browser settings. You’ll do great things on Tumblr, surely, but if it ever comes time to say goodbye, then you’re free to delete your account at any time and for any reason. The deletion will be effective immediately, for the most part, but it might take a little while to scrub everything from our archives and backups. What won’t get scrubbed are Reblogs of your posts. Those will remain on whatever blog reblogged them. Like we said before, it can be really, really hard to delete something once it goes out onto the internet, so be sure you’re only publishing stuff that you’re certain you want to publish. You’ll do great things on Tumblr, surely, but if it ever comes time to say goodbye, then you’re free to delete your account at any time and for any reason. The deletion will be effective immediately, for the most part, but it might take a little while to scrub everything from our archives and backups. What won’t get scrubbed are Reblogs of your posts. Those will remain on whatever blog reblogged them. Like we said before, it can be really, really hard to delete something once it goes out onto the internet, so be sure you’re only publishing stuff that you’re certain you want to publish. You will find a link to prior versions of our Privacy Policy below. We have stored these versions on GitHub, which will also allow you to compare different versions and see what terms have changed: Laws in some US states, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia, require us to provide residents with additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it. This Notice covers that required additional information as a supplement to the information in our privacy policy above. In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information (as those terms are defined by applicable law) We may also use the categories of personal information for compliance with applicable laws and regulations. We may aggregate the information we collect or de-identify it in order to limit or prevent the identification of any particular user or device. Access: Delete: Non-Discrimination: Correct: Opt-Out: Portability: Certain information may be exempt from these rights under applicable law. For example, we need certain types of information so that we can provide you with the Services. If you ask us to delete them, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services. Before we can satisfy your request, you’ll need to give us enough information so that we can be certain of your identity. To do that, you’ll need to log in to your account or give us certain information about you and/or your use of the Services. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. To do so, you have to give us written authorization for the agent to act on your behalf. You’ll still need to verify your identity directly with us. Right to Opt-Out: We do not collect or process your sensitive (and potentially sensitive) personal information except where it is strictly necessary to provide you with our service, where the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do not require an option to limit under California law. In some circumstances we may deny your request to exercise one of these rights. For example, if we cannot verify that you are the account owner we may deny your request to access the personal information associated with your account. As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information. In the event that we deny your request, we will communicate this fact to you in writing. You may appeal our decision by responding in writing to our denial email and stating that you would like to appeal. If your appeal is denied, in some US states (Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia) you may refer the denied appeal to the state attorney general if you believe the denial is in conflict with your legal rights. The process for how to do this will be communicated to you in writing at the same time we send you our decision about your appeal.