Search Navigation Sorry, we didn't find any relevant articles for you. Please fill out the contact form below and we will reply as soon as possible. Your email Your question Description (details)  Please fill out the contact form below and we will reply as soon as possible. Your email Your question Description (details) Latest Update: October 2, 2023 Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy By using the Service, you are agreeing to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree with these Terms, then please do not use the Service. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of changes to these Terms will be deemed as your acceptance of those changes. If you are accessing and using the Service on behalf of a company (such as your employer) or another legal entity, then you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind that company or other legal entity to these Terms. In that case, "you" and "your" will refer to that company or other legal entity. BitChute has the discretion to update the Terms at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of this page. It is important that you frequently review the Terms for any changes to stay informed. By using the Service, you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review the Terms periodically to become aware of modifications. As our Service is constantly evolving over time, we may change or discontinue all or any part of the Service, at any time and without notice, at our sole discretion. We collect information from Users in a variety of ways, including but not limited to: when Users use Service, register for the Service, place an order, subscribe to a channel or discussion, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available. In some cases you share this information directly with us, e.g., by registering for an account; we also collect information automatically from you through technology (e.g., your device or browser type, your activity on the Service). The collection of personal identification information is limited to Registered Users of the Service. Registered Users may be asked for, as appropriate for the goods and services they are utilising: their first and last name, age, residential address, delivery address, billing address, email address, phone number, and/or payment card details. Such personal identification information will only be collected from Registered Users if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Bit Chute Limited Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, with the understanding that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Service related activities. Users have the right to see the content of their data and any corrections made to it. Explicit consent to this Privacy Policy is required when registering as a User of the Service. We may collect non-personal identification information about all Users whenever they interact with the Service. This may include details of the type of device, the operating system, the browser, and information about the means of connection to the Service, such as Internet Service Providers utilised and other similar related information. We may collect and use Users information for the following purposes: We adopt appropriate collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and associated data stored on our Service. Sensitive and private exchange between the Service and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. We do not sell, trade, or rent Users' personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may occasionally share information collected with our professional advisors (including accountants, auditors, lawyers, and consultants) when reasonably necessary for them to perform services for us and give us appropriate advice. Finally, we may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Service or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your personal identification information with these third parties for those limited purposes, provided that you have given us your consent. In special limited circumstances we may be required to disclose your data without express consent, these are: Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so. click here clicking here Note that opting-out of interest-based advertising via the above programs (or similar) means only that those selected, voluntarily participating program members should no longer deliver such advertising to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads. In addition, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies generally at the time when you visit the websites of these opt-out programs, or if you subsequently erase the cookies installed by them, or use a different device or web browser, your browser-based opt-out may no longer be effective. here BitChute Membership We keep the categories of personal information described above for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise authorized by law. Specifically, we will continue to hold the information as long as any of the following is still applicable: If at any time a Registered User wishes to withdraw their consent to this policy they can do so via their account settings page. Withdrawal of consent will result in the Account concerned being suspended and scheduled for termination. All content, activity and associated information relating to the Account will be removed as part of this process. We also provide the following options which you may exercise, as follows: privacy@bitchute.com The controller of your personal data under our Privacy Policy is Bit Chute Limited, with an address of Bit Chute Limited, Box 813 Andover House, George Yard, Andover, Hampshire, England SP10 1PB. We process your personal data only if we have a legal basis to do so, as specified in this policy. Some of our processing of your data will involve transferring your data outside the EEA or the UK, as applicable. Some of our service providers are also based outside the EEA or UK, and their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA or UK, as applicable. This specifically includes to the United States. Where personal data is transferred to and stored in a country not determined by the European Commission as mandating by law adequate levels of protection for personal data, we take steps to provide appropriate safeguards to protect your personal data, including entering into standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, obliging recipients to protect your personal data. In addition to the rights described above, these states' laws provide for a right to opt out of profiling and a right to appeal. We do not use Personal Information to conduct profiling. If you are unsatisfied with our actions related to one of your privacy rights above, you may appeal our decision. 7105 1877 Our customer support team is here for you.