This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify. This service is only available to users over a certain age. You maintain ownership of your data. This service can license user content to third parties. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. The terms for this service are easy to read. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. The copyright license that users grant this service is limited to the parties that make up the service's broader platform.. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. There is a date of the last update of the terms. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. The court of law governing the terms is in location X. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. You waive your right to a class action.. This service holds onto content that you've deleted. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes