Bumble homepage Language selection English (United Kingdom) Main Open menu Privacy Policy  Whilst you’re enjoying the Bumble mobile application (including the desktop version) (“App”), our websites and microsites (such as Bumble.com) or using our digital products and services (such as our competitions or surveys) (together, referred to in this Privacy Policy as our “Sites”), we collect some information about you. In addition, you may choose to use the App or Sites to share information with other users, including your friends and contacts (“Users”). We may also need to share your information sometimes. The App and Sites are global, and your information will be sent to and used in the United States and the UK regardless of the country you reside in. This Policy explains how we protect your personal data when we transfer it overseas, so please read very carefully! The App and Sites are operated by the “Bumble Group” (also referred to in this policy as “we” or “us”) which includes Bumble Holding Limited, Badoo Trading Limited and Bumble Trading LLC, all of which are controllers of personal information collected and processed through the Bumble App and Sites. When you download the App and create an account (“Account”), we may collect certain information (“Registration Information”) about you, such as: Once you register, you will be able to review and change this information at any time just by logging in to Bumble (other than your date of birth and location (which, if you have given Bumble access to your location in your device settings, is automatically updated based on the location of your device)). It is your responsibility to ensure that your account details are kept up to date. If your phone number changes, please ensure that you update this in your account. The information we collect helps to enhance the App and verify our Users (robots are not welcome!). Registration Information such as your sexual preference, name and username may be visible to other Users who view your profile page. For Users who are California residents, the data we may collect falls within the following categories of “personal information”, as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA): We recommend and encourage you (and all our members) to think carefully about the information you disclose about yourself. We also do not recommend that you put email addresses, URLs, instant messaging details, phone numbers, full names or addresses, credit card details, national identity numbers, drivers’ licence details and other sensitive information which is open to abuse and misuse on your profile. When you post information about yourself or use the messaging function to communicate with other Users, the amount of personal information you share is at your own risk. Please see Section 4 below for more information on who can access what you post on Bumble. If you choose to verify your profile photo, we will scan each photo that you submit. The scan may include the use of facial recognition technology so that we can compare the photo you submit to your profile photo, to help ensure that you are who you say you are. We do not add the verification photos to your profile. We retain the scans so that we can verify you in the future and for our record-keeping purposes until we no longer need them for such purposes or for three years after your last interaction with us, whichever occurs first. After the applicable retention period expires, we take commercially reasonable steps to permanently and securely delete the scans from our systems. If you decide to purchase any of our premium services, we will process your payment information and retain this securely for the prevention of fraud and for audit/tax purposes. Bumble uses automated decisions to prevent fraudulent payment transactions being processed as part of its anti-fraud procedures. In order to do this, our systems check payment transactions for behaviour that indicates breaches of our Terms and Conditions of Use. If a transaction meets certain criteria that demonstrate that the Terms and Conditions of Use are likely to have been breached and the transaction is likely to be fraudulent, the relevant transaction may automatically be blocked. Where a transaction is blocked, the user will be notified that their transaction cannot be processed and affected Users can contact Bumble to contest the decision. Please note that if your account is blocked for any reason, any account(s) that you have on other Bumble Group platforms/applications, such as Badoo, may also be blocked as part of our anti-spam and anti-fraud procedures. If you have given Bumble access to your location in your device settings, when you use your mobile, we will collect information about WiFi access points as well as other location information about your longitude and latitude and may save your device’s coordinates to offer certain features to you. This information helps us identify your physical location and we use it to personalise the App and make it easier for you to interact with other Users, by enabling the general locality information to be displayed to Users seeing your profile and showing you the profiles of other Users who are near you. If you have given Bumble access to your location, but wish to turn this off, you can do so by the following methods: We may collect information about your device when you use the App including the unique device identifier, device model, and operating system, for a number of purposes, as set out in this policy. In addition, if you permit us to do so, the App may access your device’s address book solely in order to add someone to your contacts. We also collect data about your photos, such as which are the photos that users spend time on or which are the photos that have the best lighting, etc. We may use that data to rearrange your profile photos aiming to position them in a way that is favourable to you. You may opt-out of this feature through our app settings. We may keep track of how you interact with links available on Bumble including third party services by redirecting clicks or through other means. We may share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on. When you visit our Sites or when you use our App, we may collect personal data from you automatically by using cookies or similar technologies. A cookie is a small file that can be placed on your device or browser that allows us to recognise and remember you. Our main goal is to ensure your experience on Bumble is an enjoyable one and you don’t end up getting stung! In order to deliver an enjoyable experience to you, we may use your Registration and other information to: We have developed matching algorithms to predict your compatibility with other users and so we can show you people we think are a good match for you. Our matching algorithms use the following data about you to predict your compatibility with others and generate profile recommendations: the things you tell us about yourself in your profile; information about your activity in our apps; whether you are a photo verified user; and your device coordinates, which are necessary to understand your proximity to other members. The legal basis for processing profile and proximity information is that this is necessary for the provision of our contractual services to you pursuant to Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. Where we process information about your app activity, this is based on our legitimate interests pursuant to Article 6(1)(f) GDPR, and specifically our legitimate interest in generating more personalised and relevant recommendations for who you can match with in our App. If you have chosen to include sensitive information in your profile, such as information about your beliefs, the processing of this information is based on your voluntary and explicit consent. We use a combination of automated systems and a team of moderators to monitor and review accounts (including photos and any other information uploaded onto user profiles) and messages for content that indicates breaches of our Terms and Conditions of Use. If an account or message meets certain criteria that demonstrate that the Terms and Conditions of Use are likely to have been breached, the relevant account will be subject to a warning and the user’s access restricted and/or blocked. Affected Users can contact Bumble to contest the decision. If you post anything that is inconsistent with our Terms and Conditions of Use, we reserve the right to terminate or restrict access to your Account. Under EU and UK data protection laws, we are required to tell you our lawful basis for using your data and we have set this out in the table below. Where the legal basis is consent, you can withdraw consent at any time. Where the legal basis is legitimate interests, you have a right to object to our use of your data. We explain in the relevant sections in this Policy how you can withdraw consent or opt-out of certain data uses (where applicable). What we’re doing. We process personal data to understand which of our users may be in college or university. To do this, we look at historic location data to understand whether your device’s coordinates match to a general university or college area. For this activity, we use recent historic data regarding where you opened the Bumble app and we’ll keep a simple “at campus yes/no” result based on our findings. What we don’t do. We do not track your real-time movements as part of this activity and we do not identify or store information about where you are studying. To protect your privacy, we do not retain any of the location data used for this activity and it is permanently deleted once the results are generated. Why we’re doing this. We’ll combine the results of this processing with other relevant information we hold for the following purposes: so we can send the right offers, events and features to the right users; to understand which Bumble events are popular with the student demographic and which aren’t working so well; and to improve the design of the App to meet the needs of students. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests. We have a legitimate interest in providing a more tailored app experience for student users and in optimising their chances of finding the right connections. Please note this data processing only affects Bumble App users who identified the United States or Canada as their location when registering for the App (we exclude users in Quebec) and who are in the 18 to 24 age group. What we’re doing. What we don’t do. Why we’re doing this. Our policy is to not disclose your Registration Information or personal data, except in the limited circumstances described here: Service Providers Moderators Payment Processing and Telecommunications Companies Law and Harm Business Transfers Marketing Services Providers Anti-Spam and Anti-Fraud Aggregated Information – We may share aggregated information with third parties that includes your personal data (but which doesn’t identify you directly) together with other information including log data for industry analysis and demographic profiling. Aggregated Information We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us (“Service Providers”). The suppliers with which Bumble shares User personal data vary depending on a variety of factors, such as which of our App, Sites and services a User engages with. For example, to provide our services to Users, we typically use the following suppliers: We carry out due diligence on all Service Providers we engage to ensure they have adequate data protection and information security measures in place and only provide them with the personal data necessary to the service they are providing. Measures are taken to ensure that the data shared is non-attributable to the greatest extent possible and our suppliers are also subject to extensive obligations under our contractual arrangements, including strict data retention limits. We partner with providers of marketing services (such as Facebook for example) (‘Marketing Services Providers’) to help us market and advertise our App and services on third party websites and applications and measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. For example: We share a limited amount of your personal data with these Marketing Services Providers, such as: *Hashing is a way of encrypting information by turning it into a combination of random numbers and letters - this code cannot be traced back to the email address. When hashed email addresses are sent to a Marketing Service Provider, they’re then matched against the Provider’s own existing list of their own users’ hashed information and our ads are served to those of our users who have successfully been matched with the Provider’s. Matched and unmatched hashes are then deleted by the Provider. In some cases, these third parties will also use the data that they collect for their own purposes, for example they may aggregate your data with other data they hold and use this to inform advertising related services provided to other clients. This data referred to above can include actions that you take on our website such as your interactions with our Sites or other information collected from cookies or similar technologies including the Facebook pixel. This allows us to measure the effectiveness of our advertising, improve our marketing practices, and helps us deliver more relevant advertising to you and people like you (including on social media such as Facebook). We think our Users are awesome, and we want you to share how awesome you are with the world, so we have built certain features to enable this. Our App is designed to make it easier for you to connect with other Users and to interact with them. When using the Bumble App, you should assume that anything you post or submit on the App may be publicly-viewable and accessible, both by Users and non-users of the App. We want our Users to be careful about posting information that may eventually be made public. anything Please be careful about posting sensitive details about yourself on your profile such as your religious denomination and health details. You may also choose to add sensitive information about yourself when you add certain Bumble badges to your profile, such as your religion and political leanings. While you may voluntarily provide this information to us when you create your profile, including your sexual preferences, there is no requirement to do so. Please remember that photographs that you post on Bumble may reveal information about yourself as well. Where you do upload and choose to tell us sensitive information about yourself, including through the addition of badges to your profile, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of this information and making it public to other Users. Where you do upload and choose to tell us sensitive information about yourself, including through the addition of badges to your profile, you are explicitly consenting to our processing of this information and making it public to other Users. Your Bumble profile and other information you make available via the App, including certain information added to your profile through third party accounts (such as Facebook, Instagram or Spotify – see section 7 of this Privacy Policy for more information about this) may be viewed and shared by Users with individuals who may or may not be users of the App. For example, a User may recommend you as a match to his or her Facebook friend(s) by taking a screenshot of your profile picture and sharing it, regardless of whether such friend(s) is also a User of the App. Please also note that in certain countries (currently, South Korea only), Users are provided with functionality enabling them to download a copy of their conversation history (as this is required by local laws) and that Bumble has no control over how users may then publish or use that information. If you log in to or access the App through your Facebook account or another third-party account on a device which you share with others, remember to log out of the App and the relevant third-party account when you leave the device in order to prevent other users from accessing your Bumble account. Although we want as many people as possible to enjoy our creation, you have to be at least 18 years old to use Bumble. Bumble does not knowingly collect any information about or market to children, minors or anyone under the age of 18. If we become aware that a child, minor or anyone under the age of 18 has registered with us and provided us with personal information, we will take steps to terminate that person’s registration. Here at Bumble, we pride ourselves on taking all appropriate security measures to help protect your information against loss, misuse and unauthorised access, or disclosure. We use reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information such as secured servers using firewalls. Unfortunately, no website or Internet transmission is ever completely 100% secure and even we cannot guarantee that unauthorised access, hacking, data loss or other breaches will never occur, but here are some handy tips to help keep your data secure: When you sign in to our App using your Facebook account, you give permission to Facebook to share with us your name and profile picture. Unless you opt-out, you also give permission to Facebook to share with us your email address (if there is one associated with your Facebook account), date of birth, profile photos, gender, Page likes and current town/city. If you register or sign in with your Apple ID, you give Apple permission to share your Apple login, a name (that can be edited by you) and an email (you can choose to hide your email and Apple will create a random email address so your personal email can stay private). This email address will be linked to your Bumble account and will be used to retrieve your Bumble account. We will then use this personal data to form your Bumble account. If you remove the Bumble app from your Facebook settings, or from your Apple ID, we will no longer have access to this data. However, we will still have the personal data that we received when you first set up your Bumble account using your Facebook or Apple ID (you must delete your Bumble account entirely for us to no longer have access to this data). You may link your Bumble account with your Instagram, Facebook or Spotify accounts. This allows you to share some information from those accounts directly to your Bumble account (for example, Instagram photos, or your top Spotify artists). We only receive the limited information that Instagram or Spotify permits to be transferred (as detailed by Instagram/Facebook/Spotify and agreed by you when you first connect your account from such platforms with your Bumble account). If you no longer want to link your Bumble account to your Instagram, Facebook or Spotify account, please visit the settings in your Instagram, Facebook or Spotify account and follow the instructions to remove the Bumble app access permissions. Please note that any information already added to your Bumble account from those platforms will not be deleted unless you delete it within your Bumble account as well. If you use BFF, you can populate your profile with information (like your beliefs and political leanings). You can provide this information as part of your profile, but there’s no obligation to do so. You should assume that whatever information you share in BFF, including which Hives you’ve joined, can be seen by any BFF member. Please note BFF members will not be able to see chat discussions until they join the specific chat and when they join, they’ll see the full chat history. We offer the opportunity in BFF to join Hives built around locations or topics. We’ll automatically recommend Hives you can join based on your location, activity, “my life” and “my interests” information. The processing of your location data is necessary in order to perform our contract with you and deliver the Hives service to you. The processing of your profile and activity information in order to make Hive recommendations is based on our legitimate interests. It is in our legitimate interests to use this information to recommend relevant Hives to you. Please note that if you upload and choose to share sensitive information (such as sexuality and beliefs), you are explicitly consenting to sharing that information with other BFF members. For Users who are California residents, you have the following rights (in addition to those listed at section 10 below) under the California Consumer Privacy Act, and you have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the Act: From time to time, as part of a joint promotion with a third party, we may, if you participate in such promotion, disclose your contact information to the third party to allow them to market their products or services to you. Where this is a condition for participation in a promotion, we will always let you know before when you enter the promotion. Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties to unsubscribe from their messages. In addition, under California law, operators of online services are required to disclose how they respond to “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information of a consumer over time and across third party online services, to the extent the operator engages in that collection. At this time, we do not track our Users’ personal information over time and across third-party online services. This law also requires operators of online services to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different online services when the users use the operator’s service. We do not knowingly permit third parties to collect personal information about an individual User’s online activities over time and across different online services when using the App. Privacy laws applicable in your country may give you the following rights: The particular rights which are applicable to you (which might include other rights not listed above) may vary depending on your country. You should make yourself aware of the rights you have under applicable privacy laws in your country. If you have a concern about how we have processed your request or your personal data, you should contact us in the first instance via the contact details listed above. EU Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Bumble has appointed Borlux Ltd as its GDPR representative in the EU. If you usually reside in an EU Member State you can contact Borlux Ltd regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR by: Using the online request form at https://services.nathantrust.com/privacycontact Postal address: 1st Floor, 6 Lapps Quay, Cork, Ireland We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for the legal basis relied upon (as set out in Section 2 above) and as permitted by applicable law. Please see “Profile Verification Information (Including Biometric Information)” in Section 1, above, to learn about our retention policy with respect to biometric information. When your Account is deleted, we make sure it is no longer viewable in the App. For up to 28 days, it is still possible to restore your Account if it was accidentally deleted. After 28 days, we begin the process of deleting your personal information from our systems, unless: Warning: Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your Account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed to the extent such information has been previously shared with others, or copied or stored by others. We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this. If you have given third party applications or websites access to your personal information, they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies. Warning: Thanks for reading, we hope we didn’t drone on for too long! This Privacy Policy was last updated 7th December 2023. Bumble on Instagram Bumble on Facebook Bumble on Twitter Bumble on Pinterest FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Israel-Hamas War Response Modern Slavery Act Statement (opens in new window) Close menu DATE BFF BIZZ Let us know you agree to cookies Close cookies consent