Bumble homepage Language selection English (United Kingdom) Main Open menu Terms & Conditions  Welcome to Bumble’s Terms and Conditions of Use (these “Terms”). This is a contract between you and the Bumble Group (as defined further below) and we want you to know yours and our rights before you use the Bumble website or application (“Bumble” or the “App”). Please take a few moments to read these Terms before enjoying the App, because once you access, view or use the App, you are going to be legally bound by these Terms (so probably best to read them first!). Please be aware that if you subscribe to services for a term (the “Initial Term”), then the terms of your subscription will be automatically renewed for additional periods of the same duration as the Initial Term at Bumble’s then-current fee for such services, unless you cancel your subscription in accordance with Section 5 below. You should also note that Section 13 of these Terms contains provisions governing how claims that you and Bumble Group have against each other are resolved. In particular, it contains an arbitration agreement that will, with limited exceptions, require disputes between us to be submitted to binding and final arbitration. You have a right to opt out of the arbitration agreement pursuant to Section 13 below. If you do not opt out of the arbitration agreement in accordance with Section 13, (1) you will only be permitted to pursue claims and seek relief against us on an individual basis only; and (2) you are waiving your right to seek relief in a court of law and to have a jury trial on your claims. In particular, it contains an arbitration agreement that will, with limited exceptions, require disputes between us to be submitted to binding and final arbitration. Before you can use the App, you will need to register for an account (“Account”). In order to create an Account you must: Unfortunately, we cannot allow you to use another person’s Account or to share your Account with any other person without permission. You’ll have great fun on Bumble, but if you feel the need to leave, you can delete your Account at any time by going to the ‘Settings’ page when you are logged in and clicking on the ‘Delete account’ link. Your Account will be deleted immediately but it may take a little while for Your Content (defined below) to be completely removed from the App. Your profile information will be treated in accordance with our Privacy Policy. If you delete your Account and try to create a new account within this time period using the same credentials, we will re-activate your Account for you. We use a combination of automated systems and a team of moderators to monitor and review accounts and messages for content that indicates breaches of these Terms. We reserve the right at our sole discretion to terminate or suspend any Account, restrict access to the App, or make use of any operational, technological, legal or other means available to enforce the Terms (including without limitation blocking specific IP addresses), at any time without liability and without the need to give you prior notice. Without limiting the foregoing in any way, we expressly reserve the right to terminate or suspend your Account without notice (1) for violating these terms, (2) due to your conduct on the App, or your conduct with other users of the App (including your “offline” conduct), if we, in our sole discretion, determine your conduct was inappropriate or improper, (3) if we or our affiliates, in our or their sole discretion, determine your conduct on other apps operated by our affiliates was inappropriate or improper, or (4) for any reasons whatsoever that we deem, in our sole discretion, justifies termination. If your Account is terminated or suspended, you agree you will not receive a refund for any paid service or features you have already been charged for. You may not access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the App or our systems. Certain portions of the App may not be accessible if you have not registered for an Account. There are three types of content that you will be able to access on the App: There is certain content we can’t allow on Bumble We want our users to be able express themselves as much as possible and post all sorts of things on Bumble, but we have to impose restrictions on certain content which: Bumble Group operates a zero-tolerance policy for this kind of content. You may not display any personal contact or banking information on your individual profile page whether in relation to you or any other person (for example, names, home addresses or postcodes, telephone numbers, email addresses, URLs, credit/debit card or other banking details). If you do choose to reveal any personal information about yourself to other users, whether via email or otherwise, it is at your own risk. We encourage you to use the same caution in disclosing details about yourself to third parties online as you would under any other circumstances. As Bumble is a public community, Your Content will be visible to other users of the App all around the world instantly - so make sure you are comfortable sharing Your Content before you post. As such, you agree that Your Content may be viewed by other users and any person visiting, participating in or who is sent a link to the App (e.g. individuals who receive a link to a user’s profile or shared content from other Bumble Users). By uploading Your Content on Bumble, you represent and warrant to us that you have all necessary rights and licences to do so, and automatically grant us a non-exclusive, royalty free, perpetual, worldwide licence to use Your Content in any way (including, without limitation, editing, copying, modifying, adapting, translating, reformatting, creating derivative works from, incorporating into other works, advertising, distributing and otherwise making available to the general public such Content, whether in whole or in part and in any format or medium currently known or developed in the future). We may assign and/or sub-license the above licence to our affiliates and successors without any further approval by you. We do not have any obligation to store Your Content - if it’s important, you should make a copy. So that we can prevent the unconsented use of Your Content by other members or third parties outside of Bumble, you authorise us to act on your behalf with respect to such infringing and/or unauthorised uses. This expressly includes the authority, but not the obligation, for us to send takedown notices (including, without limitation, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) (i.e., DMCA Takedown Notices)) on your behalf if Your Content is taken and used by third parties outside of Bumble. Other members of Bumble will also share content via the App. Member Content belongs to the user who posted the content and is stored on our servers and displayed via the App at the direction of the user providing the Member Content. You do not have any rights in relation to other users’ Member Content, and you may only use other Bumble users’ personal information to the extent that your use of it matches Bumble’s purpose of allowing people to meet one another. You may not use other users’ information for commercial purposes, to spam, to harass, stalk or to make unlawful threats. We reserve the right to terminate your Account if you misuse other users’ information. Member Content is subject to the terms and conditions of Sections 512(c) and/or 512(d) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act 1998. If you have a complaint about Member Content, please see the Digital Millennium Copyright Act section below for more information. You may be wondering what happens to the rest of the Content on Bumble. Well, it belongs to us! Any other text, content, graphics, user interfaces, trademarks, logos, sounds, artwork, and other intellectual property appearing on Bumble, as well as the Bumble software and database(s), are owned, controlled or licensed by us and are protected by copyright, trademark, data, database rights and/or other intellectual property law rights. All right, title and interest in and to Our Content remains with us at all times. We grant you a non-exclusive, limited, personal, non-transferable, revocable, licence to access and use Our Content, without the right to sublicense, under the following conditions: We reserve all other rights. No Obligation to Pre-Screen Content. Since Bumble is an online community, we generally try to avoid getting in the way and therefore don’t assume any obligation to pre-screen any of Your Content or any Member Content. However, there may be times where we need to step in, and we reserve the right to review, pre-screen, refuse and/or remove any Member Content and Your Content, including content exchanged between users in direct messages. You agree to: You agree that you will not: We don’t like users misbehaving in the Bumble community. You can report any abuse or complain about Member Content by contacting us, outlining the abuse and/or complaint. You can also report a user directly from a profile or in chat by clicking the ‘Block & Report’ link. We reserve the right to investigate any possible violations of these Terms, any Bumble user’s rights, or any third party rights and we may, in our sole discretion, immediately terminate any user’s right to use of the App without prior notice, as set out further in Section 1 above, and/or remove any improper, infringing or otherwise unauthorised Member Content submitted to the App. We don’t control any of the things our users say or do, so you are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the App. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BUMBLE GROUP DOES NOT CURRENTLY CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON ITS USERS. BUMBLE GROUP ALSO DOES NOT INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUNDS OF ITS USERS OR ATTEMPT TO VERIFY THE STATEMENTS OF ITS USERS. BUMBLE GROUP MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT OF ANY USERS OR THEIR COMPATIBILITY WITH ANY CURRENT OR FUTURE USERS. BUMBLE GROUP RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CONDUCT ANY CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK OR OTHER SCREENINGS (SUCH AS SEX OFFENDER REGISTRATION SEARCHES) AT ANY TIME AND TO USE AVAILABLE PUBLIC RECORDS FOR ANY PURPOSE. You agree to, and hereby do, release Bumble Group and its successors from any claims, demands, losses, damages, rights, and actions of any kind, including personal injuries, death and property damage, that either directly or indirectly arises from your interactions with or conduct of other users of the App. If you are a California resident, you hereby waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which states, “A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.” The foregoing release does not apply to any claims, demands, or any losses, damages, rights and actions of any kind, including personal injuries, death or property damage for any unconscionable commercial practice by Bumble Group or for such party’s fraud, deception, false, promise, misrepresentation or concealment, suppression or omission of any material fact in connection with the App. Scraping or replicating any part of the App without our prior consent is expressly prohibited. This includes by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces - unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with us. Generally. Bumble may offer products and services for purchase on the App (“In-App Purchase”). If you choose to make an In-App Purchase, you acknowledge and agree that additional terms, disclosed to you at the point of purchase, may apply, and that such additional terms are incorporated herein by reference. You may make an In-App Purchase through the following payment methods (“Payment Method”): (a) making a purchase through a third-party platform such as the Apple App Store and Google Play Store (“Third Party Store”), or (b) paying with your credit card, debit card, or PayPal account, which will be processed by a third-party processor. Once you have made an In-App Purchase, you authorise us to charge your chosen Payment Method. If payment is not received by us from your chosen Payment Method, you agree to promptly pay all amounts due upon demand by us. Subscriptions and Auto-Renewal: Bumble may offer some services as automatically-renewing subscriptions, e.g., a one-week subscription, one-month subscription, or three-month subscription (“Premium Services”). IF YOU PURCHASE AN AUTOMATICALLY RENEWING SUBSCRIPTION, YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WILL RENEW AT THE END OF THE PERIOD, UNLESS YOU CANCEL, AT BUMBLE’S THEN-CURRENT PRICE FOR SUCH SUBSCRIPTIONS. To avoid charges for a new subscription period, you must cancel, as described below, before the end of the then-current subscription period. Deleting your account or deleting the application from your device does not cancel your subscription. You will be given notice of changes in the pricing of the Premium Services to which you have subscribed and an opportunity to cancel. If Bumble changes these prices and you do not cancel your subscription, you agree that you will be charged at Bumble’s then-current pricing for subscription. Subscriptions and Auto-Renewal: IF YOU PURCHASE AN AUTOMATICALLY RENEWING SUBSCRIPTION, YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WILL RENEW AT THE END OF THE PERIOD, UNLESS YOU CANCEL, AT BUMBLE’S THEN-CURRENT PRICE FOR SUCH SUBSCRIPTIONS. Cancelling Subscriptions. If you purchased a subscription directly from Bumble, you may cancel or change your Payment Method via the payment settings option under your profile. If you purchased a subscription through a Third Party Store, such as the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store, you will need to access your account with that Third Party Store and follow instructions to change or cancel your subscription. If you cancel your subscription, you may use your subscription until the end of the period you last paid for, but (i) you will not (except as set forth in the subsection entitled “Refunds” below) be eligible for a prorated refund, (ii) your subscription will not be renewed when that period expires and (iii) you will then no longer be able to use the Premium Services or In-App Purchases enabled by your subscription. Cancelling Subscriptions. Because our Services may be utilised without a subscription, canceling your subscription does not remove your profile from our Services. If you wish to fully terminate your account, you must terminate your account as set forth in Section 15. The Bumble Group operates a global business, and our pricing varies by a number of factors. We frequently offer promotional rates - which can vary based on region, length of subscription, bundle size and more. We also regularly test new features and payment options. The Bumble Group reserves the right, including without prior notice, to limit the available quantity of or discontinue making available any product, feature, service or other offering; to impose conditions on the honouring of any coupon, discount, offer or other promotion; to bar any user from making any transaction; and to refuse to provide any user with any product, service or other offering or to honour any offer. Free Trials. If you sign up for a free trial and do not cancel, your trial may convert into a paid subscription and your Payment Method will be charged at the then-current price for such subscription. Once your free trial converts to a paid subscription, your paid subscription will continue to automatically renew at the end of each period, and your Payment Method will be charged, until you cancel. To avoid charges for a new subscription period, you must cancel before the end of the then-current subscription period or free trial period as described above. Deleting your account or deleting the application from your device does not cancel your free trial. If you have signed up for a free trial on Bumble through the Apple Store or Google Play Store previously, you will not be eligible for another free trial and you will then be automatically signed up to a subscription and charged as described in this paragraph. Free Trials. Refunds. Generally, all charges for purchases are nonrefundable, and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods. For subscribers residing in Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Rhode Island, and Wisconsin, the terms below apply: YOU, THE BUYER, MAY CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION, WITHOUT PENALTY OR OBLIGATION, AT ANY TIME PRIOR TO MIDNIGHT OF THE THIRD BUSINESS DAY FOLLOWING THE DATE YOU SUBSCRIBED (EXCLUDING SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS). IN THE EVENT THAT YOU DIE BEFORE THE END OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD, YOUR ESTATE SHALL BE ENTITLED TO A REFUND OF THAT PORTION OF ANY PAYMENT YOU HAD MADE FOR YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WHICH IS ALLOCABLE TO THE PERIOD AFTER YOUR DEATH. IN THE EVENT THAT YOU BECOME DISABLED (SUCH THAT YOU ARE UNABLE TO USE BUMBLE) BEFORE THE END OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD, YOU SHALL BE ENTITLED TO A REFUND OF THAT PORTION OF ANY PAYMENT YOU HAD MADE FOR YOUR SUBSCRIPTION WHICH IS ALLOCABLE TO THE PERIOD AFTER YOUR DISABILITY BY PROVIDING THE COMPANY NOTICE IN THE SAME MANNER AS YOU REQUEST A REFUND AS DESCRIBED BELOW. To request a refund: Taxes. The payments required under this Section 5 do not include any Sales Tax that may be due in connection with the Premium Services provided under these Terms. If Bumble determines it has a legal obligation to collect a Sales Tax from you in connection with these Terms, Bumble will collect such Sales Tax in addition to the payments required under this Section 5. If any Premium Services, or payments for any Premium Services, under these Terms are subject to any Sales Tax in any jurisdiction and you have not remitted the applicable Sales Tax to Bumble, you will be responsible for the payment of such Sales Tax and any related penalties or interest to the relevant tax authority. As used herein, “Sales Tax” means any sales or use tax and any other tax measured by sales proceeds that is the functional equivalent of a sales tax where the applicable taxing jurisdiction does not otherwise impose a sales or use tax. At times, you may be able to purchase a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable licence to access special limited-use features from Bumble, referred to here as “Virtual Items.” You can only purchase Virtual Items through Bumble or Bumble’s partners. Virtual Items represent a limited license right governed by this Agreement, and, except as otherwise prohibited by applicable law, no title or ownership in or to Virtual Items is being transferred or assigned to you. This Agreement, and your purchase of Virtual Items, does not constitute the sale of any rights in Virtual Items. Any Virtual Item balance shown in your account does not constitute a real-world balance or reflect any stored value, but instead shows the extent of your licence to access Virtual Items. Virtual Items do not incur fees for non-use. Your licence in Virtual Items will terminate on the earlier of Bumble ceasing provision of services or your account closing or terminating. Bumble may also at times provide Virtual Items as bonuses to, or parts of, paid subscriptions for its services. Your ability to use Virtual Items you have access to in this manner may terminate at the end of each of your subscription periods and your access to Virtual Items may not “roll over” or accumulate through additional subscription periods. Your access to Virtual Items gained through subscriptions may also end if you cancel your subscription. Bumble, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to charge fees for the right to access or use Virtual Items and/or may distribute Virtual Items with or without charge. Bumble may manage, regulate, control, modify, or eliminate Virtual Items at any time, including taking actions that may impact the perceived value or purchase price, if applicable, of any Virtual Items and Bumble shall have no liability to you for doing so. You shall not sell, redeem, or otherwise transfer Virtual Items to any person or entity. Virtual Items may only be redeemed through our Services. ALL PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS MADE THROUGH OUR SERVICES ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BUMBLE IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY. THE APP, SITE, OUR CONTENT, AND MEMBER CONTENT ARE ALL PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE COMPATIBILITY OF ANY MATCHES. SHOULD APPLICABLE LAW NOT PERMIT THE FOREGOING EXCLUSION OF EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, THEN WE GRANT THE MINIMUM EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS SECTION. ADDITIONALLY, WE DO NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTIES THAT THE APP OR SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR FREE OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE APP OR SITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS, OR THAT THE APP, SITE, OUR CONTENT, ANY MEMBER CONTENT, OR ANY PORTION THEREOF, IS CORRECT, ACCURATE, OR RELIABLE. YOUR USE OF THE APP OR SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER MEMBERS. THE BUMBLE GROUP IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT OF ANY USER. BUMBLE GROUP DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON ITS MEMBERS. NEITHER US NOR ANY OWNER WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME, PROFIT OR GOODWILL, LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO PROPERTY AND CLAIMS OF THIRD PARTIES ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE APP, SITE, OUR CONTENT, OR ANY MEMBER CONTENT, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PROPRIETARY RIGHTS INFRINGEMENT, PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE. THE FOREGOING SHALL APPLY EVEN IF WE WERE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IF YOU BECOME DISSATISFIED IN ANY WAY WITH THE APP OR SITE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO STOP YOUR USE OF THE APP AND SITE. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE APP OR SITE. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE DISCLAIMER OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES, THESE PROVISIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF ANY PORTION OF THIS LIMITATION ON LIABILITY IS FOUND TO BE INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100). THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY HEREIN IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN AND REFLECTS A FAIR ALLOCATION OF RISK. THE APP AND SITE WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATIONS AND YOU AGREE THAT THE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMERS AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES SPECIFIED HEREIN WILL SURVIVE EVEN IF FOUND TO HAVE FAILED IN THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY ARISING FROM ANY FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATIONS, OR ANY OTHER LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. All the actions you make and information you post on Bumble remain your responsibility. Therefore, you agree to indemnify, defend, release, and hold us, and our partners, licensors, affiliates, contractors, officers, directors, employees, representatives and agents, harmless, from and against any third party claims, damages (actual and/or consequential), actions, proceedings, demands, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) suffered or reasonably incurred by us arising as a result of, or in connection with: We retain the exclusive right to settle, compromise and pay any and all claims or causes of action which are brought against us without your prior consent. If we ask, you will co-operate fully and reasonably as required by us in the defence of any relevant claim. The foregoing provision does not require you to indemnify Bumble Group for any unconscionable commercial practice or any fraud, deception, false promise, misrepresentation or concealment, suppression or omission of any material fact in connection with the App. If you believe any content on Bumble infringes the copyright in a work that you own, please submit a notification alleging such infringement (“DMCA Takedown Notice”) to Bumble Group’s Copyright Agent. The Takedown Notice must include the following: The following additional terms and conditions apply to you if you download the App from a Third Party Store. To the extent that the other terms and conditions of these Terms are less restrictive than, or otherwise conflict with, the terms and conditions of this Section, the more restrictive or conflicting terms and conditions in this Section will apply, but solely with respect to the App and the Third Party Store. You acknowledge and agree that: In the event of a conflict between a Third Party Store’s or mobile carrier’s applicable terms and conditions and these Terms, the terms and conditions of the Third Party Store or mobile carrier shall govern and control. We are not responsible and have no liability whatsoever for third-party goods or services you obtain through a Third Party Store or mobile carrier. We encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online transaction with any of these third parties. Please read the following arbitration agreement in this Section (“Arbitration Agreement”) carefully. Unless you opt out in the manner described in Section 13(10) below, this Arbitration Agreement requires you and Bumble Group to resolve disputes by binding arbitration instead of in court, and limits the manner in which we may seek relief from each other. 1. When Does This Arbitration Agreement Apply? This Arbitration Agreement applies to any disputes or claims of any kind whatsoever (whether based in contract, tort, statute, regulation, ordinance, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal or equitable theory) between you and the Bumble Group arising out of or relating to the Terms, prior versions of the Terms, your use of our App, or any other aspect of your relationship with Bumble, including claims or disputes arising (but not actually filed in arbitration) before the effective date of these Terms. It requires that, and by entering into these Terms you and Bumble Group agree, that such disputes or claims will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that (i) you or Bumble may assert individual claims in small claims court if your claims qualify; and (ii) you or Bumble may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or misuse of intellectual property rights. 1. When Does This Arbitration Agreement Apply? 2. Notice of Dispute and Informal Resolution. Before beginning the arbitration process, you and Bumble Group agree to first notify one another of the dispute in writing at least 60 days in advance of initiating an arbitration. Notice to Bumble Group must be sent by letter to our registered agent: CT Corporation, 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801, and must provide your name, current email address, mailing address, and telephone number, as well as the name, email address, and telephone number associated with your Bumble account (if different from your current information); and describe the nature of the claim and the specific relief being sought. 2. Notice of Dispute and Informal Resolution. You and Bumble agree to meet and confer, via teleconference or videoconference, in a good faith effort to informally resolve any claim or dispute covered by this Arbitration Agreement. If either party is represented by counsel, that counsel may participate in the informal dispute resolution conference. During this process, you may be provided with an offer of judgment. A party defending against a claim may serve on an opposing party an offer to allow judgment on specified terms, with the costs then accrued. If the judgment that the offeree finally obtains is not more favourable than the unaccepted offer, the offeree must pay the costs incurred after the offer was made. All offers, promises, conduct, and statements made in the course of the informal dispute resolution process by any party, its agents, employees, and attorneys are confidential and not admissible for any purpose in any subsequent proceeding, provided that evidence that is otherwise admissible or discoverable shall not be rendered inadmissible or non-discoverable as a result of its use in the informal dispute resolution process. The informal dispute resolution conference shall occur within 60 days of receipt of the written notice described above, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon. If, after participating in that conference, the parties are unable to resolve the dispute, the claimant may commence an arbitration in accordance with this Agreement. Completion of this informal dispute resolution is a condition precedent to filing any demand for arbitration. Failure to do so is a breach of this Agreement, and no demand for arbitration shall be valid unless such written notice is provided and good faith discussions have been conducted. Any statute of limitations will be tolled while the parties engage in the informal dispute resolution process described in this section. How Do You Start The Arbitration Process? If you and Bumble Group are unable to resolve the dispute within 60 days, either party may proceed to file a claim for arbitration. To begin the arbitration process, you or Bumble Group must submit notice by certified mail of the claim with an individualised arbitration demand. To be valid, the demand must contain the name of the claiming party (you or Bumble Group), your or Bumble Group’s mailing address, the email address or phone number associated with your Bumble account (if applicable), and a detailed description of the dispute and the relief sought. Notice to Bumble Group must be submitted to our registered agent: CT Corporation, 1209 Orange Street, City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, Delaware 19801. How Do You Start The Arbitration Process? 4. What Are The Rules Of Arbitration? The Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”) governs this Arbitration Agreement and applies to the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement. If the FAA is found to not apply to any issue regarding the interpretation or enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement, that that issue shall be determined by Texas law, notwithstanding choice-of-law principles, pursuant to Section 17 of the Terms. The applicable arbitration provider depends on where you live. If you live in California, the arbitration will be administered by ADR Services, Inc. under its most current arbitration rules and procedures, available at https://www.adrservices.com/services-2/arbitration-rules/. If you live outside of California, the arbitration will be administered by National Arbitration and Mediation under its most current Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures, available at https://www.namadr.com/resources/rules-fees-forms, or under its most current Supplemental Rules for Mass Arbitrations, as applicable, available at https://www.namadr.com/content/uploads/2021/12/SupplementalRules12.22.21.pdf. If the applicable arbitration provider is not available to arbitrate, including because it is not able to administer the arbitration(s) consistent with the rules, procedures, and terms of this Arbitration Agreement, including those described in Section 13(8) (Mass Filings), the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. If the parties cannot agree on an appropriate alternative arbitration provider, then the parties will ask a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint an arbitrator pursuant to 9 U.S.C. § 5 that is able to administer the arbitration(s) consistent with the rules, procedures, and terms of this Arbitration Agreement. This Arbitration Agreement will govern to the extent it conflicts with the arbitration provider’s rules. 4. What Are The Rules Of Arbitration? The initiating party must pay all filing fees for the arbitration. Your and Bumble Group’s responsibility to pay other administrative and arbitrator costs will be as set forth in the applicable arbitration provider’s rules, unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. If a claim is determined to be frivolous, the claimant is responsible for reimbursing the respondent for its portion of all such administrative, hearing, and/or other fees incurred as a result of the frivolous claim. You may qualify for a waiver of certain arbitration costs under the applicable arbitration provider’s rules or other applicable law. If you meet the standard for proceeding in forma pauperis in federal court, Texas state court, or the courts of your state of residence, cannot obtain a waiver from the arbitration provider of any filing fees you are required to pay, and the arbitration provider refuses to administer the arbitration without your payment of said fees, Bumble Group will pay the filing fees for you. 5. What Can The Arbitrator Decide? The arbitrator has the exclusive authority to resolve any and all threshold arbitrability issues, including whether this Arbitration Agreement is applicable, enforceable, or unconscionable. Courts, however, shall have the exclusive authority to determine (i) whether any provision of this Arbitration Agreement should be severed and the consequences of said severance, (ii) enforceability of any or all of the mass arbitration procedures set forth in Section 13(8), (iii) whether you have complied with conditions precedent to arbitration, and (iv) whether an arbitration provider is available to hear the arbitration(s) under Section 13(4). The arbitrator will have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any claim. The arbitrator will have the authority to award monetary damages and to grant any non-monetary remedy or relief available in an individual under applicable law, the arbitral forum’s rules, and the Terms (including the Arbitration Agreement). The arbitrator will issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The arbitrator has the same authority to award relief that a judge in a court of law would have. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us. 5. What Can The Arbitrator Decide? Pursuant to and in conformance with Section 17 of the Terms, any original action to compel arbitration under Section 4 of the FAA (or analogous state law) must be brought in a State or Federal Court located in Travis County, Texas. 6. No Jury Trials. By agreeing to arbitration, YOU AND BUMBLE ARE EACH AGREEING TO WAIVE THEIR RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL. Instead, you and Bumble Group are electing that all claims and disputes will be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as described in Section 13(1) above. An arbitrator can award the same damages and relief as a court and must follow this Agreement as a court would. However, there is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review. 6. No Jury Trials. 7. One At A Time. All claims and disputes within the scope of this Arbitration Agreement MUST BE ARBITRATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, AND YOU AND BUMBLE GROUP GIVE UP YOUR RIGHTS TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION OR ANY OTHER CLASS PROCEEDING. However, this shall not preclude the use of bellwether arbitrations, global mediation, or batch arbitrations as described in Section 13(8) below, nor preclude the application of the arbitration provider’s fee schedules for mass arbitrations, as applicable. Only relief that would be permitted in an individual lawsuit is available, and claims of more than one customer or user cannot be arbitrated or consolidated with those of any other customer or user, except as provided in Section 13(8) below, nor shall this preclude application of the arbitration provider’s fee schedules for mass arbitrations, as applicable. The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties , except as provided in Section 13(8) below, nor shall this preclude application of the arbitration provider’s fee schedules for mass arbitrations, as applicable. 7. One At A Time. For mass arbitrations before ADR Services, Inc., you and Bumble Group agree that its mass arbitration fee schedule shall apply, available at https://www.adrservices.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/ADR-Mass-Consumer-Non-Employment-Fee-Schedule-Eff-11-5-21.pdf. For mass arbitrations before National Arbitration and Mediation, you and Bumble Group agree that its mass arbitration fee schedule shall apply, available at https://www.namadr.com/content/uploads/2023/07/Consumer-Fees-as-of-7.1.2023-updated-as-of-7.1.2023.pdf. For mass arbitrations before any other arbitration provider, you agree that its mass arbitration fee schedule shall apply. If the arbitrator does not have a fee schedule for mass filings, then the claims must proceed in court. If a decision is issued stating that applicable law precludes enforcement of any of this subsection’s limitations as to a given claim for relief, then the claim must be severed from the arbitration and brought into the State or Federal Courts located in Travis County, Texas. All other claims shall be arbitrated. This subsection does not prevent you or Bumble from participating in a class-wide settlement of claims. 8. Mass Filings. If, at any time, 30 or more similar demands for arbitration are asserted against Bumble or related parties by the same or coordinated counsel or entities, or if Bumble Group asserts 30 or more similar demands for arbitration or counterclaims against similarly-situated parties, within a period of 60 days or otherwise close in proximity (“Mass Filing”), the additional protocols set forth below shall apply: 8. Mass Filings. 9. Offer of Judgment. At least 14 days before the date set for the arbitration hearing, any party may serve an offer in writing upon the other party to allow judgment on specified terms. If the offer made by one party is not accepted by the other party, and the other party fails to obtain a favorable award, the other party shall not recover any post-offer costs to which they otherwise would be entitled and shall pay the offering party’s costs from the time of the offer. 9. Offer of Judgment. 10. Opt-Out. Updates to Bumble’s Terms do not provide a new opportunity for you to opt out of arbitration if you previously agreed to a prior version of Bumble’s Terms containing an arbitration provision and did not validly opt out of arbitration. 10. Opt-Out. 11. Severability. Except as provided in subsection 13(7), if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. If a court decides that any of the provisions in the Arbitration Agreement above is invalid or unenforceable because it would prevent the exercise of a non-waivable right to pursue public injunctive relief, then any dispute regarding the entitlement to such relief (and only that relief) must be severed from arbitration and may be litigated in court. All other disputes subject to arbitration under the terms of the Arbitration Agreement shall be arbitrated under its terms. 11. Severability. 12. Survival of Agreement. The terms of this Arbitration Agreement will continue, even after your relationship with Bumble has ended. 12. Survival of Agreement. These Terms commence on the date you accept them (as described in the preamble) and continue until terminated in accordance with the terms herein. You can delete your Account at any time by logging into the App, going to the “Settings” tab (the gear icon), and following the instructions to terminate your account. Please note that if you delete your Account, your subscription will continue until the end of the subscription period for which applicable fees have been paid, and you will not be entitled to a refund except as stated in Section 5. In addition to deleting your account, you will also need to cancel/manage any recurring subscriptions purchased via a Third Party Store (e.g., iTunes, Google Play) to avoid additional billing. In addition to deleting your account, you will also need to cancel/manage any recurring subscriptions purchased via a Third Party Store (e.g., iTunes, Google Play) to avoid additional billing. In the event that Bumble Group determines, in its sole discretion, that you have breached any portion of these Terms, have misused the App, or have otherwise demonstrated conduct which the Bumble Group regards as inappropriate or unlawful (whether on or off the App), Bumble Group reserves the right to: (a) warn you via email (to any email addresses you have provided to Bumble Group) that you have violated the Terms; (b) delete your User Content; (c) discontinue your Account; (d) discontinue your subscription(s) without refund; (e) notify and/or send your User Content to and/or fully cooperate with the proper law enforcement authorities for further action; and/or (f) pursue to any other action which Bumble Group deems to be appropriate. You agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in Bumble Group’s sole discretion and that Bumble Group shall not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your Account. Termination of these Terms or your Account includes the removal of access to your Account, and all related information and content associated with or inside your Account. There are a few more things we need to mention before you can use Bumble. These Terms, which we may amend from time to time, constitute the entire agreement between you and the Bumble Group. The Terms supersede all previous agreements, representations and arrangements between us (written or oral), excluding the Privacy Policy. Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude any liability for fraudulent misrepresentation. The Bumble Group has taken reasonable steps to ensure the currency, availability, correctness and completeness of the information contained on Bumble and provides that information on an "as is", "as available" basis. The Bumble Group does not give or make any warranty or representation of any kind about the information contained on Bumble, whether express or implied. Use of Bumble and the materials available on it is at your sole risk. The Bumble Group is not responsible for any loss arising from the transmission, use of data, or inaccurate Member Content. You are responsible for taking all necessary precautions to ensure that any material you may obtain from Bumble is free of viruses or other harmful components. You accept that Bumble will not be provided uninterrupted or error free, that defects may not be corrected or that The Bumble Group, or the server that makes it available, are free of viruses or bugs, spyware, Trojan horse or any similar malicious software. The Bumble Group is not responsible for any damage to your computer hardware, computer software, or other equipment or technology including, but without limitation damage from any security breach or from any virus, bugs, tampering, fraud, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer line or network failure or any other technical or other malfunction. The communications between you and Bumble Group may take place via electronic means, whether you use the App or send Bumble Group emails, or whether Bumble Group posts notices in the App or communicates with you via email. For contractual purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from Bumble Group in electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that Bumble Group provides to you electronically satisfy if it were to be in writing. The foregoing does not affect your statutory rights, including but not limited to the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act at 15 U.S.C. Sec. 7001 et. seq. As Bumble grows, we might have to make changes to these Terms so we reserve the right to modify, amend or change the Terms at any time (a “Change”). If we do this then the Changes will be posted on this page and we will indicate the Effective Date of the updates at the bottom of the Terms. In certain circumstances, we may send an email to you notifying you of a Change. It’s also possible that we might ask you to agree to our Changes, but we’ll let you know. You should regularly check this page for notice of any Changes – we want our users to be as informed as possible. Your continued use of Bumble following any Change constitutes your acceptance of the Change and you will be legally bound by the new updated Terms. If you do not accept any Changes to the Terms, you should stop using Bumble immediately (uh oh, that’s going to be hard!). If, for any reason, any of the Terms are declared illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by a court of a competent jurisdiction, then to the extent that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from the Terms and the remainder of the Terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable. No failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege under the Terms shall operate as a waiver of such right or acceptance of any variation of the Terms and nor shall any single or partial exercise by either party of any right, power or privilege preclude any further exercise of the right or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. You represent and warrant that: By using the App, you agree and acknowledge that Bumble is a global app operating through servers located in a number of countries around the world, including the United States. If you live in a country with data protection laws, the storage of your personal data may not provide you with the same protections as you enjoy in your country of residence. By submitting your personal information, or by choosing to upgrade the services you use, or by making use of the applications available on Bumble, you agree to the transfer of your personal information to, and storage and processing of your personal information in, any such countries and destinations. The App may contain links to third-party websites or resources. In such cases, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable for: Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources. Framing, in-line linking or other methods of association with the App are expressly prohibited without first obtaining our prior written approval. These Terms, and any rights and licences granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction. In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of the Terms, the English version shall prevail. Subject to Section 13(3), your access to the App, Our Content, and any Member Content, any claims arising from or related to your relationship with the Bumble Group, and these Terms are governed and interpreted by the laws of the State of Texas. All claims arising out of or relating to these Terms and/or your relationship with the Bumble Group that for whatever reason are not submitted to arbitration, and all claims or cases challenging the enforceability or applicability of the arbitration provisions herein, will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Travis County, Texas. You agree that such courts shall have personal jurisdiction and venue and waive any objection based on inconvenient forum. You agree that you will not file or participate in a class action against us. The Terms constitute a binding legal agreement between you as user (“you”) and the Bumble Group (“we” or “us”). The Bumble Group includes, but is not limited to, Bumble Holding Limited (an English company), Bumble Trading LLC (a Delaware limited liability company), Bumble Inc. (a Delaware corporation), Social Online Payments Limited (a company incorporated in Ireland) and Social Online Payments L.L.C. (a Delaware limited liability company). The Terms were last updated on: July 24, 2023. Bumble on Instagram Bumble on Facebook Bumble on Twitter Bumble on Pinterest FAQ Frequently Asked Questions Israel-Hamas War Response Modern Slavery Act Statement (opens in new window) Close menu DATE BFF BIZZ Let us know you agree to cookies Close cookies consent