CRYPTEE  PRIVACY POLICY FOR HUMANS We take pride in being a security & privacy service accessible to everyone. So we have a simplified and easy to read version of our policy. Below we will clarify how your data will be used, and the steps we took to protect it. By using Cryptee, you consent to the terms outlined in this policy. FOR LAWYERS LEGALFRAMEWORK hello. we're from estonia. DATARELATED TO OPENING OF AN ACCOUNT To sign up you will need to provide either a username, or optionally an email address for convenience. It's just for sign up & important notifications. No spam. We won't sell or give this information to anyone else. DATACOLLECTION We collect as little user information as possible. Only the absolute bare minimum stuff to still be able to provide a service to you. All your personal data is encrypted, but in order to provide a service, we still need a few bits of other data. Let's begin. VISITING OUR WEBSITE We have an analytics system. We didn't trust any third party ones. So we built one ourselves instead. It is 100% anonymous, and it's only there just to see how well we're doing with design, improvements, features and page views. ACCOUNT CREATION We do not require ANY personal information. You don't even need to use an email. It's only for convenience. Oh, and, legally we have to record the date and time of your sign up. Account activity To provide you a service, we need access to some basic things in unencrypted format. These are: folder colors & archive status # of things in each folder or album file byte-sizes & mime-types after encryption version-IDs of files, photos & videos EXIF dates of photos storage space used all payment amounts & dates payment type, plan & discounts If you choose to upload RAW photos (such as DNG, TIFF, 3FR or FFF formats) to provide you the service, we need access to some basic EXIF data in unencrypted format. These are: camera make & model (i.e. "Leica M11") camera's lens (i.e. "35mm") aperture, exposure, white balance & iso We do have access to the contents of encrypted photos, videos or documents/files or any specific payment information. More about payments below. NOT Communications with Cryptee Your communications, such as support requests, bug reports, or feature requests may be saved to improve our service, knowledge base and FAQ sections. Error Reporting & Abuse Detection We have an automatic error collection, abuse detection and reporting system. The error reports are anonymous, but linked to our support system via anonymous user IDs to better help you out. We keep these only for 90 days. Our abuse detection system automatically collects and retains IP addresses and browser user agents for 180 days, but these are deleted once they're no longer relevant. Payment Information We rely on awesome and trusty companies called Stripe and Paddle to process your payments, and we use your anonymous user ID to know / track when you paid. Visiting our website Account creation Communicating with the Company DATAUSE We don't & won't have ads. We will share your data unless for reasons listed in below. never DATASTORAGE Your documents, files, photos and videos are always encrypted, and we can't access any of it. We may have backups (also encrypted) occasionally to be safe, but these are kept for up to 90 days. DATARETENTION When you delete your account, every piece of data we have about your account in our possession and control is immediately deleted. There may be some leftovers in backups (which by the way are encrypted with your keys, and inaccessible to us/or anyone else), but those will be deleted after 90 days if there hasn't been a disaster. DATADISCLOSURE We will only disclose the limited user data we possess if we receive an enforceable court order. If someone wants your data, we can only give them the data listed above in the section and the fully encrypted data, which we can't decrypt. (and scientifically speaking, nobody should be able to decrypt for the foreseeable million+ years) If permitted by law, we will always contact you and let you know if we have a way to reach out to you (for example via Email). INFORMATIONREGARDINGEU GDPR We are fully committed to EU GDPR. We can't even access your data. Only you can. That's what GDPR lawyers call magic. Basically your data is as private and as safe as it can be on the internet. We use a few companies to help us bring you the service such as payments or error reports etc. These companies are: Google Cloud Platform, Cloudflare, Sentry IO, Stripe, and Paddle Name & Address of the Data Controller Contact Possibility Minimization, Routine Erasure & Blocking of Personal Data Transparency & Data Portability Cryptee's Sub-Processors Google Ireland Ltd. - Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland https://cloud.google.com/security/privacy/ Cloudflare, Inc. - 101 Townsend St., San Francisco, CA 94107 https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/ Functional Software, Inc. - 132 Hawthorne St, San Francisco, CA 94107 https://sentry.io/privacy/ Stripe Payments Europe, Ltd. - 1 Grand Canal Street Lower, Grand Canal Dock, Dublin, Ireland https://stripe.com/privacy Paddle Payments Ltd. - Core B, Block 71, The Plaza, Park West, Dublin 12, Ireland https://paddle.com/legal https://paddle.com/privacy-end-user COOKIESTRACKERSLOCAL STORAGE We don't have any of that stuff. MODIFICATIONSTOPRIVACYPOLICY We might make small changes to this policy some day. If you continue to use the service, we'll assume you're cool with these. APPLICABLELAW We're based in Estonia. So that's where all our legal stories will take place.