Get Started EFFECTIVE: November 22 2023 The categories of information that are collected will depend upon the nature of your interaction(s) with Varsity Tutors and the Site. Below are examples to help you better understand the data we collect. Information you provide to us. We collect a variety of information that you provide directly to us in connection with your use of the Site. While parts of the Site may not require you to provide any information that can directly identify you (such as if you choose to browse the website without logging in), the specific types of information we collect will depend upon how you use the Site and the information you choose to provide. The types of data we collect directly from you include: Contact information. When you submit an inquiry through the Site, we collect your name, email address, and phone number if provided, along with general information about the nature of your inquiry. When you create an account through the Site, we will also collect your username, password, mailing address, and other information related to providing you services through the Site. Payment information. If you make a purchase with us, we (or our business partner(s) who process payment transactions for us) may collect your billing or other financial information in order to process the transaction(s). If you are a contracted tutor, instructor, expert, or educator (collectively, “Professionals”) through the Site, then we (or our business partner(s) who process payment transactions for us) will collect bank account or other financial information in order to facilitate payments to you based upon invoices you submit through the Site and in conjunction with your signed independent contractor agreement(s). Please note that for security we do not store sensitive cardholder data, such as full credit or debit card numbers, card authentication data, or sensitive bank account information. Personal, professional, and education-related information. Professionals who seek to enter into independent contractor agreements with Varsity Tutors or its related and/or affiliated entities are asked to provide additional personal information in support of the Professional’s respective skills and experience, as well as a social security number or taxpayer identification number for tax purposes and government-issued identification, as necessary to facilitate payment and to comply with legal obligations. Professionals also have choices about the information the Professional chooses to include on the Professional’s profile on the Site once under contract, such as education, work experience, skills, city or area, likes or interests, photo, etc. We may also receive criminal history information about Professionals who undergo the background check process, which is administered by external third party vendor(s) that specialize in criminal background checks. Please note that for security we do not collect or store background check information. Customers may also share personal, professional, and education-related information in connection with their requests for tutoring through the Site. Information you submit or otherwise provide or authorize us to collect, which may include voice and likeness information. We collect the information you post or submit on/through the Site. This includes comments, reviews, documents, questions, chats, messages, assessments, videos, or photos. Such shared content may be publicly viewable by others depending on where it is posted, shared, or viewed. We also collect any other information you may provide to us or authorize us to collect, including any other identifier that permits the ability to contact you. If you communicate with Varsity Tutors or its affiliates by e-mail; post messages to forums; make telephone or cell phone calls or texts; communicate through electronic devices or other interactive devices; complete online forms, surveys, sweepstakes, or contest entries; or communicate with Varsity Tutors or its affiliates by any means, any information provided in such communication may be collected by Varsity Tutors. Information about third parties that you provide to us. A User may also provide personally identifiable information about others, such as emergency contact information for notification in the event a situation requires it, or, if you choose to use our referral service to refer a friend to our Site, then you may provide your referral’s name and email address, as further detailed in the Refer-A-Friend section below. If you submit any personal information about another individual to us, then you are responsible for making sure that you have the authority to do so and to allow us to use their personal information in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Information through surveys, testimonials, comments, reviews, and blogs. You may decide to participate in a survey, to provide a review, to provide a testimonial, to comment on a blog or social media post, etc. If you decide to participate or comment, then you may provide certain information that may include personal information. In addition, we may post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our Site that may contain personally identifiable information; however, if/when that happens, we obtain the person's consent via email or other means prior to posting the testimonial, which authorizes us to post certain information along with their testimonial. We may invite you to complete a survey or participate in a promotion, either through the Site or through a third-party platform. If you participate, we will collect and store the data you provide as part of participating. That data is subject to this Privacy Notice unless otherwise stated in the official rules of the promotion or survey, including notifying winners and distributing rewards. Where we use a third-party platform to administer a survey or promotion, the third party’s privacy policy will apply. Passively-collected information. We collect certain information as you visit or interact with our Site, such as the following: Internet and electronic network activity information, such as device and usage information. We may collect information about your browser type, language preference, referring site, subsequent site, and date/time of each visitor request. The purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Users use the Site. We may collect information about your operating system, Internet Service provider information and IP addresses and other device identifiers, such as mobile device information. In addition, we may collect information about your use of the Site, unique views, originating sites, etc., including through the use of tracking technologies (See section pertaining to Tracking Technologies for more information). A User browsing the Site without registering an account or affirmatively providing personally identifiable information to Varsity Tutors does so anonymously. Demographic information and information about your interests. We may collect information such as your zip code, gender, age, income, household or lifestyle information, and information about your interests and preferences. Varsity Tutors may use personally identifiable information collected through the Site for the following reasons: • for the specific purposes for which the information was collected; • to fulfill a contractual obligation; • to contact Users regarding Varsity Tutors' live-learning platform; • to communicate to Users, including regarding products and services offered through Varsity Tutors, its parent, subsidiaries, and trusted affiliates; • to maintain and improve its products, services, and sites; • to provide support; • to enhance Users’ experiences with the Varsity Tutors platform; • to inform Users of offerings that may be of interest; • to process payments; • for business planning, marketing, advertising and sales purposes; • for information security purposes; • to defend its legal rights; • to efficiently maintain its business; and • to comply with applicable law. We do not permit third party advertising partners to collect information related to School Data. We may share information that we collect about you in the following ways: With our service providers and third-party vendors. We contract with select third party vendors to provide services on our behalf, for example, services such as email, hosting, cloud storage, maintenance, backup and analysis, communications software, marketing, business strategy, banking, payment processing, professional services, background checks, etc. We also share non-personal information (such as aggregate user statistics, de-identified information, demographic information, etc.) with third parties such as advertisers, content providers, and analytics providers. Within the Varsity Tutors family of companies and brands. Varsity Tutors may disclose personally identifiable information collected from Users to its parent, subsidiaries, and other related companies, trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners who will use the information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, as necessary to provide the services offered by or through Varsity Tutors and to provide the Site itself, and for the specific purposes for which the information was collected. These companies are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information in any other way. We may also share information with third parties with which we have a commercial relationship, such as an affiliate marketing agreement; however, we do not use School Data for any commercial relationship or purpose other than in conjunction with providing the services to the School consistent with the School Agreement. With a Professional related to a student. In conducting the matching process between a student and a Professional, we may share a student’s information with the Professional who may provide or will be providing tutoring or instruction to the student so that the Professional may evaluate the engagement and personalize and tailor the tutoring/instruction to the student. In each case, we collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the User’s interaction with Varsity Tutors. In addition, information may be shared with a School to the extent the student is part of the VTS product offering and it is shared pursuant to and consistent with the applicable School Agreement. To the extent required by law or to protect the company or others. Varsity Tutors may disclose personally identifiable information at the request of law enforcement or governmental agencies or in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, to establish, protect, or exercise Varsity Tutors’ legal or other rights or to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise required or allowed by law. Varsity Tutors may disclose personally identifiable information in order to protect the rights, property, or safety of a User or any other person. Varsity Tutors may disclose personally identifiable information to investigate or prevent a violation by User of any contractual or other relationship with Varsity Tutors or the perpetration of any illegal or harmful activity. In connection with any business acquisition, sale, or merger, or in connection with investor relations. Varsity Tutors may disclose or transfer personally identifiable information collected from Users in connection with or in contemplation of a sale of its assets or business or a merger, consolidation, or other reorganization of its business. Varsity Tutors may also disclose aggregate, anonymous data based on information collected from Users to investors and potential partners. Users may always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site-related activities. Varsity Tutors and its analytics and marketing providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts (collectively “cookies”), to analyze trends, administer the Site, track Users’ movements around the Site, and to gather demographic information about our User base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis. Varsity Tutors does not place tracking technologies related to targeted advertising on areas of the Site directed to students who are accessing the Site under a School Agreement. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, clickstream, and/or field input data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you and to improve marketing, analytics, or site functionality. We implement Google Analytics features that use display and/or digital advertising information for Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. You can read more about the cookies used by Google Analytics advertising features, by going to the Google Analytics Privacy Notice page, linked here. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, by going to the Google Analytics opt-out page. We also use Facebook Analytics. You can opt out of Facebook Analytics by following the instructions in its Data Policy and Cookies & Other Storage Technologies section. We, along with third-party vendors (including Google), use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics and Facebook Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookies) to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our website. Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to digital advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use LSOs such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs, which can be accessed through the web browser links referenced above. Certain portions of the Site include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. In addition to your choices outlined above related to cookies, browser, and analytics preferences, you also have choices regarding the following: We store the information collected as described in this Privacy Notice for as long as you are a User of the Site and/or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which the information was collected, to provide services through the Site, to resolve disputes, to pursue legitimate business purposes, to enforce our agreements, to establish legal defenses, to prevent fraud, and to comply with applicable laws. These needs can vary based upon the data type and the context of the services, and thus the retention will vary as well. For example, School Data is deleted within ninety (90) days from expiration or termination of the School agreement unless the School has contracted for a different retention schedule. Varsity Tutors discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information based upon user consent only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process transactions on our behalf or to provide tutoring services, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. Your security is a priority and we strive to provide a safe and secure environment for our customers; however, please note that we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure. If you do not feel comfortable sending your financial/credit card over the Internet, contact us and we will be happy to fill your order over the phone. Students who access the Site pursuant to agreements with Schools do so via portal links provided by their respective School. Most Schools enable single sign on (SSO) through Classlink or Clever, which provides a direct connection to the relevant portion(s) of the Site pursuant to the agreement with the School. Please note that the Site may contain links to other Sites. These linked sites may not be operated or controlled by Varsity Tutors. Varsity Tutors is not responsible for the privacy practices of these or any other Sites, and you access these Sites entirely at your own risk. Varsity Tutors recommends that you review the privacy practices of any other Sites that you choose to visit. Anytime you post on our blog please be aware that you are posting using a third-party application, and we have no access or control over this information. To request removal of your personal information from any blog, you can either log into the third-party application and remove your comment or you can contact the appropriate third party application. Your interaction with these features is governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. If you are contracted as a Professional through the Site, then the profile you create on our Site will be publicly accessible unless otherwise indicated. You may change the privacy settings of your profile and make it non-public through your account portal, or as otherwise set forth in the terms of your independent contractor agreement. Varsity Tutors is committed to safeguarding the information each User entrusts to Varsity Tutors and believes that every User should know how it utilizes the information collected from each User. Other than free information and materials that do not require any registrations or identifying information, the Site is not directed at children under 13 years of age, and Varsity Tutors does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age online. For purposes of using the Site as a platform to connect with tutors, Parents may supply information such as name or age of their children in order for Varsity Tutors to assist facilitate the connection between student and tutor. Varsity Tutors may store this information in a secure digital format. Parents or guardians of children under 13 years of age may review or have deleted any personal information previously provided by the child, parent, or guardian that is ultimately collected by Varsity Tutors, if any, to connect the child with a tutor. If you seek to review or delete such information, contact Varsity Tutors at the below phone number or email address indicating what you would like to have done and Varsity Tutors will contact you for purposes of taking the requested action, including but not limited to refusing to permit the information’s further collection or use. If you choose to use our referral service to refer a friend about our Site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting the referral to visit the Site. Varsity Tutors stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. We will verify your request using information provided in the request form, as compared against information associated with your account, including verification of the email address that was listed in the request form. We may need to request additional information in order to verify your identity. Depending upon the type of request you make, we may require a signed declaration under penalty of perjury stating that you are the individual whose personal information is being requested. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may require that the authorized agent provide proof of your written permission, and that you verify your identity directly with us. We have explained our privacy practices in full in the foregoing sections of this Privacy Notice. Below we have provided a list of the categories of personal information that have been collected, disclosed for business purposes, or “sold” for commercial purposes (as defined by the CCPA) during the preceding 12 months, as well as certain other information. Please see the other sections of the Privacy Notice above for additional information and context related to the sharing of information. We do not consider the ways we share your personal information to comprise the sale of your information. Within the past 12 months, we may have disclosed the following categories of information about consumers for a business purpose: Categories of Information and Explanations Identifiers, such as your name, street address, phone number, IP address, or email address We use this information to respond to your questions, to communicate with you, for marketing purposes, to enable you to participate in our offerings, and for other business purposes. Commercial information, such as purchase history Records of purchases or other histories. Internet and electronic network activity We may use this information to improve our services, to better understand the visitors who come to our Site and what content is of interest to them. Geographic location information We may use this information to improve the quality, security, and relevance of our services and for other business purposes. Other electronic information, such as information you post in a public space We may use this information to provide the services, and for other business services. Inferences drawn from the above We use this information to personalize your experience with us, to understand other profile preferences, characteristics, trends, abilities, and aptitudes, and for other business purposes. Categories of Information and Explanations Identifiers, such as your name, street address, phone number, IP address, or email address We use this information to respond to your questions, to communicate with you, for marketing purposes, to enable you to participate in our offerings, and for other business purposes. Commercial information, such as purchase history Records of purchases or other histories. Internet and electronic network activity We may use this information to improve our services, to better understand the visitors who come to our Site and what content is of interest to them. Geographic location information We may use this information to improve the quality, security, and relevance of our services and for other business purposes. Other electronic information, such as information you post in a public space We may use this information to provide the services, and for other business services. Inferences drawn from the above We use this information to personalize your experience with us, to understand other profile preferences, characteristics, trends, abilities, and aptitudes, and for other business purposes. Identifiers, such as your name, street address, phone number, IP address, or email address We use this information to respond to your questions, to communicate with you, for marketing purposes, to enable you to participate in our offerings, and for other business purposes. We use this information to respond to your questions, to communicate with you, for marketing purposes, to enable you to participate in our offerings, and for other business purposes. Commercial information, such as purchase history Records of purchases or other histories. Records of purchases or other histories. Internet and electronic network activity We may use this information to improve our services, to better understand the visitors who come to our Site and what content is of interest to them. We may use this information to improve our services, to better understand the visitors who come to our Site and what content is of interest to them. Geographic location information We may use this information to improve the quality, security, and relevance of our services and for other business purposes. We may use this information to improve the quality, security, and relevance of our services and for other business purposes. Other electronic information, such as information you post in a public space We may use this information to provide the services, and for other business services. We may use this information to provide the services, and for other business services. Inferences drawn from the above We use this information to personalize your experience with us, to understand other profile preferences, characteristics, trends, abilities, and aptitudes, and for other business purposes. We use this information to personalize your experience with us, to understand other profile preferences, characteristics, trends, abilities, and aptitudes, and for other business purposes. Varsity Tutors is based, and this Site is hosted, in the United States of America. If you are located outside of the United States, then you may be in a location with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law. You understand that by being a User of the Site and/or by entering into an agreement with us as a customer, that you consent to the collection, storage, and processing of your data in the U.S. To the extent you are a Professional who uses the Site in an independent contractor capacity to advertise your services to customers/students through the Site, then you understand that your information will be collected, stored, and processed in the U.S. based upon your consent given through your independent contractor agreement. We rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing personal data about you depending upon how you use the Site, including your consent, contractual necessity to provide the services and operate the Site and the business, to meet contractual and legal obligations, to protect the security of our systems and our Users, and/or to fulfill other legitimate interests. Changes to this Privacy Notice We may update this Privacy Notice to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, then we may notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. Please review this Privacy Notice periodically. Your continued use of the Site after any such change(s) signifies your acceptance of any changes. We may update this Privacy Notice to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, then we may notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. Please review this Privacy Notice periodically. Your continued use of the Site after any such change(s) signifies your acceptance of any changes. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, you may contact Varsity Tutors via any of the following methods: Mail: Varsity Tutors ATTN: Legal, 101 S. Hanley Rd, Suite 300, St. Louis, MO 63105 Phone: 314-422-2007 We are committed to ensuring this Privacy Notice is accessible to individuals with disabilities. If you wish to access this Privacy Notice in an alternative format, please contact us as described above. Here's what our clients are saying Parent of 12th grade student Tanque Verde High School, Tucson, AZ Thank you so much for your help, and for leading your tutor to our daughter. He is not only a remarkable tutor, he was an excellent teacher for our student. Maybe more importantly, our daughter is now armed with the confidence that math is not a hopeless cause, and she really can conquer it. That is a great success story! Parent of high school student Houston, TX Thank you very much for the wonderful service that you have provided for Jose. Jose has learned so much from Amy [our tutor]. I was very impressed with her and your program. Thanks again and please let Amy know how wonderful she is. I was very impressed. Parent of high school student Parkway North High School, St. Louis, MO After several tutoring sessions with Kirthika [our tutor] right before winter finals, my child was able meet the goal of maintaining an 'A' in Honors Biology and a 'B' in Honors Geometry. Parent of 12th grade student Tanque Verde High School, Tucson, AZ Thank you so much for your help, and for leading your tutor to our daughter. He is not only a remarkable tutor, he was an excellent teacher for our student. Maybe more importantly, our daughter is now armed with the confidence that math is not a hopeless cause, and she really can conquer it. That is a great success story!  Tanque Verde High School, Tucson, AZ Thank you so much for your help, and for leading your tutor to our daughter. He is not only a remarkable tutor, he was an excellent teacher for our student. Maybe more importantly, our daughter is now armed with the confidence that math is not a hopeless cause, and she really can conquer it. That is a great success story! Parent of high school student Houston, TX Thank you very much for the wonderful service that you have provided for Jose. Jose has learned so much from Amy [our tutor]. I was very impressed with her and your program. Thanks again and please let Amy know how wonderful she is. I was very impressed. Houston, TX Thank you very much for the wonderful service that you have provided for Jose. Jose has learned so much from Amy [our tutor]. I was very impressed with her and your program. Thanks again and please let Amy know how wonderful she is. I was very impressed. Parent of high school student Parkway North High School, St. Louis, MO After several tutoring sessions with Kirthika [our tutor] right before winter finals, my child was able meet the goal of maintaining an 'A' in Honors Biology and a 'B' in Honors Geometry. Parkway North High School, St. Louis, MO After several tutoring sessions with Kirthika [our tutor] right before winter finals, my child was able meet the goal of maintaining an 'A' in Honors Biology and a 'B' in Honors Geometry. Names of standardized tests are owned by the trademark holders and are not affiliated with Varsity Tutors LLC. Media outlet trademarks are owned by the respective media outlets and are not affiliated with Varsity Tutors. Award-winning claim based on CBS Local and Houston Press awards. Varsity Tutors is not affiliated with any universities mentioned on its website. Varsity Tutors connects learners with a variety of experts and professionals. Tutors, instructors, experts, educators, and other professionals on the platform are independent contractors, who use their own styles, methods, and materials and create their own lesson plans based upon their experience, professional judgment, and the learners with whom they engage. 1. Lee, J.Y. (2013). “Private tutoring and its impact on students’ academic achievement, formal schooling, and educational inequality in Korea.” Unpublished doctoral thesis. Columbia University.