 Terms and Privacy The legal documents necessary to offer this service. The Terms of Service document is authoritative in English, translations are provided for your convenience. Terms of Service The rights and obligations of the User and the Provider resulting from the use of the Service are governed by these Terms of Service. Definitions In these Terms of Service: License Agreement Conclusion The License Agreement is concluded upon the User’s Acceptance of the Provider’s Offer. License Agreement By concluding Agreement under Article 2.1 of this Agreement, the following provisions of this Article 3 of the Terms of Service come into force. The Provider presents the User with a License Agreement and the User accepts this License Agreement, all this under the terms and conditions stated in these Terms of Service. The Provider shall have the right to shut down, adjust, modify or make the Service unavailable on the web address at any time. The User agrees to use the Service only in a manner not jeopardizing technical software and/or hardware means of the Provider and/or such means in the Provider’s use. The User agrees to refrain from use of the Service in bad faith and/or deliberately causing any damage to the Service. The User agrees to refrain from bypassing the Service’s software and/or technical hardware means, in particular the security systems. Liability for Damage The User hereby renders it undisputed that the Provider shall not be liable for any damage caused to the User resulting from the use of the Service. If the User is an entrepreneur, it hereby expressly waives its right to compensation from the Provider for damage unintentionally caused by the Provider to the User through a breach of any obligation contained in these Terms of Service and/or resulting from the use of the Service. Personal Data Within the meaning of of the GDPR the User hereby gives consent to collecting, storage, and processing of the Personal Data according to the . Translations The Service organizes translation into individual Projects, where the Owner is responsible for managing them and for specifying accurately the license of the Project. Not specifying translation license means that the translations are available under same license as the given Project itself. Should the Project opt in for the Translation Memory, license to use the translation is granted to all Translation Memory users. The User agrees, upon contributing to a Project, to the license the Project has specified. The User agrees to use of name and e-mail as authorship in the VCS commits. The User understands that this grant is non-revocable due to the nature of the VCS. Cookies Within the meaning of Article 89 Act No. Coll., on electronic communication, as amended, the User is informed that the Service uses Cookies. The Service uses Cookies to personalise content. Governing Law These Terms of Service shall be governed by the laws of the Czech Republic with exclusion of conflict rules. Any disputes arising on the basis of the Agreement and/or these Terms of Service shall be resolved by the court of the Czech republic having substantive and local jurisdiction. Effect These Terms of Service shall come into force and effect on 15th May 2023. Privacy Policy We comply with the Regulation No. , the General Data Protection Regulation, also known as GDPR. This document includes necessary specifications. Personal Data Controller Ing. Michal Čihař, Nábřežní 694, 471 54 Cvikov, CZ, Reg. No. 04705904 Weblate has appointed a data protection officer who may be reached via privacy@weblate.org. Personal Data processed by Weblate Weblate only processes Personal Data the User provides by using it: Purpose and legal basis of processing Personal Data Your Personal Data will be used for the purposes of the Service: for providing our services on the Service, to contact you in matters regarding our services (also by means of e-mails and messaging) and to ensure the technical functionality of our services fulfillment of contractual or pre-contractual obligations () to analyze your use of our services and improve our services () with your express consent or instruction to carry out our business activities or send you newsletters () Access to the Personal Data The Controller has made all reasonable technical means to protect the Personal Data. Only authorized persons can access the Personal Data. Third parties which can gain access to the Personal Data when necessary are: Persons which are contracted for technical assurance of the service. If you purchase a service from us, a payment processor gets essential access to your Personal Data, limited to the bare minimum needed to process your payment. All Personal Data is stored in the European Union. Disclosure of the Personal Data The Personal Data might be disclosed to third parties in limited circumstances when the Controller has a good faith belief it is required by law, such as under a subpoena or other judicial or administrative order. In case the Controller is required by law to disclose the Personal Data, an attempt will be made to provide the User with prior notice by e-mail (unless the Controller is prohibited, or it would be futile) that a request for the Personal Data has been made to allow the User to object to the disclosure. If the User does not challenge the disclosure request, the Controller may be legally required to turn over the Personal Data. The Personal Data retention The Personal Data is stored in the Service until the User deletes their account on the service. Access log info might be collected for a longer period for the purpose of establishing, exercising or defending legal claims. Your rights The User provides use of Personal Data voluntarily. Without this Personal Data Weblate is not able to provide our services. We want you to always be in control of your Personal Data. To this end, you have certain rights that allow for it. Under certain conditions, you may: Gain access to all your Personal Data that Weblate uses or processes, and even get a copy of all of it () Correct the Personal Data that Weblate processes if you think that there are mistakes Order us to delete your Personal Data Restrict the Personal Data processing Object to processing Receive your Personal Data in a commonly used and machine-readable format or to transmit this Personal Data to a different provider. The removal, correction, and retrieval of your Personal Data can be done from the account management, and is fully automated. <a href="#" class="icon icon-yt"></a>