Browse Boards AI Generator Sign in Creative Images Browse millions of royalty-free images and photos, available in a variety of formats and styles, including exclusive visuals you won’t find anywhere else. Trending Image Searches Popular Image Categories Videos Check out millions of royalty‑free videos, clips and footage available in 4K and HD, including exclusive visual content you won’t find anywhere else. Trending Video Searches Popular Video Categories Illustrations Discover millions of royalty‑free, exclusive illustrations in a variety of styles, from conceptual to contemporary, and more. Trending Illustration Searches Popular Illustration Categories Vectors Explore millions of royalty‑free vectors in a variety of formats and styles, including exclusives you can only find on Getty Images. Trending Vector Searches Popular Vector Categories Music Explore Getty Images Music, powered by Epidemic Sound’s library of original audio content, which includes music, sound effects and royalty-free tracks. Editorial VisualGPS Insights Enterprise Premium AccessAccess the best of Getty Images with our simple subscription plan. Millions of high-quality images, video, and music options await you. Access the best of Getty Images with our simple subscription plan. Millions of high-quality images, video, and music options await you. subscription plan More about Premium Access Custom ContentTap into Getty Images’ global-scale, data-driven insights and network of over 340,000 creators to create content exclusively for your brand. Tap into Getty Images’ global-scale, data-driven insights and network of over 340,000 creators to create content exclusively for your brand. create content exclusively for your brand More about Custom Content Media ManagerStreamline your workflow with our best-in-class digital asset management system. Organise, control, distribute, and measure all of your digital content. Streamline your workflow with our best-in-class digital asset management system. Organise, control, distribute, and measure all of your digital content. digital asset management system More about Media Manager Grow your brand authentically by sharing brand content with the internet’s creators. Learn more Pricing ImagesImagesCreativeEditorialVideoCreativeEditorial ImagesCreativeEditorialVideoCreativeEditorial Video Privacy policy Last updated: January 2022 Collection of Your Personal Information The personal data we collect depends on how you interact with us, the websites you use, and the choices you make. We collect and process personal data about you with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests. Information you provide directly. We collect personal information you provide to us. For example, we collect your name, email address, postal address, phone number, fax number, demographics, and other information you provide us. If you make a purchase, we also collect credit card numbers and other payment information. Information collected automatically. Getty Images collects certain kinds of information, such as the website that referred you to us, your IP address, browser type and language, and access times. We also may collect navigational information, including information about the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions taken in connection with the site. We also collect further information as discussed below under “Use of Cookies and Other Technologies”. Third-party sources. We also obtain information from third parties. We protect information obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. These third-party sources include: We may combine your personal data collected across the above sources. You may always choose not to provide personal data, but if you so choose, certain products and services may not be available to you. We use the term “devices” to refer collectively to computers and mobile devices, as well as the internet browsers and other applications on your devices that interact with the internet. Getty Images engages in cross device data collection which refers to the process of collecting data from devices that have been determined through statistical analysis to be linked or related. Our partners whom we employ to provide this service use cross device data to provide interest-based advertising services to our customers and to deliver tailored ads to users across multiple devices. Use of Your Personal Data Getty Images uses your personal data collected through our websites for purposes described in the privacy policy or otherwise disclosed to you. For example, we use your personal data to: In carrying out these purposes, we combine data we collect from different sources to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalised experience. Please note that for US customers, upon account registration, you will be signed up for our marketing communications. Please see “Choice and Preferences” below for how to unsubscribe from these communications. Location of Personal Data, Privacy Shield, and Standard Contractual Clauses Personal data collected by Getty Images may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities. Currently, we primarily use data centres in the United States. The storage locations are chosen in order to operate efficiently, to improve performance, and to create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this Privacy Policy is processed according to the provisions of this Privacy Policy and applicable law wherever the data is located. Getty Images has certified under the EU–US and Swiss–US Privacy Shield frameworks (individually and collectively, “Privacy Shield”). On 16 July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) invalidated the Privacy Shield Framework but affirmed that Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) remain an acceptable method to transfer personal data outside of the EU. Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) are another method to transfer personal data lawfully outside the EU and ensure that personal data remains protected in accordance with EU law. They consist of non-negotiable language approved by the European Commission for agreements governing the transfer of personal data outside the EU. They may also be used to transfer data to the US. While Switzerland is not bound by any CJEU judgement, we will no longer rely on the Swiss–US Privacy Shield alone. Your data may be shared with the following US-based Getty Images affiliates: (a) Getty Images (Seattle), Inc.; (b) Getty Images (US), Inc.; (c) Getty Images News Services (PRC), Inc.; and (d) Getty Images, Inc. Although Getty Images no longer relies on the EU–US Privacy Shield Framework as a legal basis for transfers of personal data, but instead the SCCs, we maintain our adherence to the Privacy Shield principles based on Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. We are still subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission. If third-party agents process personal data on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the principles of the Privacy Shield, we remain liable unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield principles, the Privacy Shield principles shall govern. Sharing of Your Personal Data Except as disclosed in this privacy policy, Getty Images does not share your personal data with any outside parties. We share personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete your transactions or provide the products or services you have requested or authorised. We may also share your personal data within our corporate group, including with our subsidiaries, affiliates, and divisions, all of whom may use your data for the purposes disclosed herein. In addition, we may share your personal data with our approved and appointed distributor network. We may share your personal data with service providers who perform services on our behalf. For example, we may hire other companies to handle the processing of payments, to provide data storage, to host websites, to fulfil orders and shipments, to assist in direct marketing, analyse your interests and preferences and to conduct audits, etc. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the personal data they need to provide the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose. Getty Images maintains contracts with these third parties requiring their treatment (access, use and disclosure) of personal data to be consistent with our obligations under the law. Information about our customers, including personal data, may be disclosed as part of any merger, transfer, divestiture, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of the company and/or its assets, as well as in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which personal data would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. We will notify you of such an occurrence as described in the “Changes to This Privacy Policy” section below. We reserve the right to disclose your personal data if we have a good faith understanding we are required to do so by law (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements), or in the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public. Retention of Personal Data We retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfil the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different products, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the data, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations. Social Media On some pages, we allow you to share personal data with third parties, such as social networks like Facebook. In these instances, you are agreeing to the data being shared and the shared data is subject to the privacy policies of such third parties. We may combine information we receive from those platforms (e.g., profile information, likes, pageviews) with other information we collect from you or other sources and use and disclose it as described in this privacy policy. Except where required by applicable law or regulation, we do not control and do not assume any responsibility for the use of personal data by such third parties. For more information about the third party's purpose and scope of their use of personal data in connection with sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of these third parties. Accessing Your Personal Data Use of Cookies and Other Technologies Getty Images uses “cookies” and other technologies like pixel tags, web beacons and similar technologies (“Cookies”) to enable you to sign in to our services and to help personalise and improve your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive or device. Cookies contain information, including personal data that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the Cookie to you. The information that Cookies collect includes the date and time of your visit, your registration information, and your navigational and purchase history. Pixel tags, also called web beacons, are clear image (i.e., non-visible) files that may be placed on a website, in an email or newsletter, and request information from your device such as your browser type and may assist us in determining your engagement with the content of the website and emails we send, how many users have visited certain pages, or how users have otherwise engaged with our messages or newsletters. We may use web beacons to help deliver cookies. Cookies offer you many conveniences:We use cookies for a variety of legitimate purposes, such as: Analytics Our websites may include Cookies from third-party service providers. In some cases, that is because we have hired the third party to provide services on our behalf, such as site analytics. For this purpose, Getty Images works with various third-party partners like Amazon, Facebook and Google to see what actions you take on third party websites to deliver our personalised ads to you via third party websites. We use Demographics and Interest reporting features in Google Analytics to inform our requests to our service providers. Our third-party partners like Google use Cookies on our site to: Third Party Advertising In other cases, we allow third parties to use Cookies for advertising purposes. Sometimes our web pages contain content or ads from third parties, such as videos, news content, or ads delivered by other ad networks. Because your browser connects to those third parties' web servers to retrieve that content, those third parties are able to set or read their own cookies on your device and may collect information about your online activities across websites or online services. We also work with third party partners to show their advertisements to you on our and third-party websites. Our partners may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising to be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent. This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the adverts. Choice and Preference Getty Images respects your right to make choices about the use and disclosure of your personal data. If at any time you decide that you do not want to receive marketing emails from us or change the settings in relation to your personal email preferences, you can take the following actions as set out below: Access, correction, and deletion: Marketing Emails: Cookies: Third Party Advertising: Mobile Devices: Do Not Track. European Data Protection Rights If the processing of personal data about you is subject to European Union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data: Your California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident and the processing of personal information about you is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), you have certain rights with respect to that information. In particular, you have a right to request that companies provide you with the following information: Security of Your Personal DataThe security of your personal data is important to us. We take appropriate and reasonable steps designed to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. For instance, in some cases we encrypt that information in transit using secure socket layer (SSL) technology. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If a password is used to protect your account and personal data, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Forums & Other Interactive Services Links We may link to websites, including those of our third-party content providers or distributor network, that have different privacy policies and practices from those disclosed here. We assume no responsibility for the policies or practices of such linked sites, and encourage you to become acquainted with them prior to use. Changes to This Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time when necessary to reflect changes in our products, how we process personal data, or applicable law. When we make changes, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of the policy. If there are material changes to this statement, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such changes as may be required by law. We encourage you to review this policy whenever you visit one of our sites. Model Photoshoot Contact Information For the EU