Last Updated: 2022-10-27 This Privacy Notice describes the privacy practices of Omegle.com LLC (“Omegle”) and applies to all visitors of the Omegle website and users of the Omegle chat service ("you"). At the end of an Omegle chat, you or the other user may choose to save the text contents of the chat to Omegle’s servers (a “Saved Chatlog”). A URL is generated for each Saved Chatlog. A Saved Chatlog may contain any category of personal information you chose to share during the chat. You and the other user may disclose a Saved Chatlog or any information shared during the chat. In addition to the Saved Chatlog, it is possible for the other user to take screenshots or use third party software to broadcast or record chats. Be careful with the information you share with a stranger during a chat. In addition to any information contained in a Saved Chatlog, within the last twelve (12) months, Omegle has collected the following categories of personal information from the following sources and disclosed for a business purpose to the following third parties: Omegle video chat service requires a direct connection to be made between your computer and the other user's computer. To do this, it is necessary to make your IP address available to the other user's computer, although it is not shown to the other user by Omegle's interface. This is a necessary part of how any P2P video chat system functions. If you are not comfortable with this, use text mode (or spy mode) instead. Omegle and its third-party service providers use cookies, tokens, widgets or other similar technologies (collectively “Cookies”) for certain features of the chat services to function. The Cookies collect personal information as follows. Omegle uses an ID Cookie to randomly assign your device browser an online identifier. Omegle uses the online identifier for website and chat services safety and security purposes. Omegle uses Interest Cookies which allow you to save your interests and preferences while using the chat services. When you request to start a chat using the common interest feature, information from an Interest cookie is sent to Omegle and used to locate another user with overlapping interests. The set of matching interests between you and the other user will be disclosed to both users at the beginning of your chat. Except for the set of overlapping interests captured in a Saved Chatlog, Omegle does not save information from Interest cookies and only accesses the information for the purpose of fulfilling requests to chat using the common interest feature. Omegle uses College Cookies which allow you to save your preferences when using college mode and identifies your college’s domain name if you choose to use college mode. Your college domain name will be disclosed to the other user in your chat. Except for disclosure of your college domain name captured in a Saved Chatlog, Omegle does not save information from College Cookies and only accesses the information for the purpose of fulfilling request to chat using the college mode feature. Omegle uses Language Cookies which allow you to be matched with users with the same language preference. Omegle does not save the information from Language Cookies and only accesses the information for the purpose of matching you with users with the same language preference. Omegle uses an Auto-reroll Cookie which allows you to save your preference enabling or disabling the auto-rerolling function while using video chat services. Omegle does not save the information from the Auto-reroll Cookie and only accesses the information for the purpose of fulfilling your request to enable or disable the auto-rerolling function while using video chat services. You can use your browser settings to maintain control over information collected through cookies. If you choose not to accept cookies, you may not be able to access all functionality available through the site and chat services and certain features will not work properly. Omegle may use, or disclose the personal information Omegle collects for one or more of the following business purposes: Omegle will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Omegle may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. When Omegle discloses personal information for a business purpose, Omegle enters a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. Omegle does not exchange your personal information for money. Like many other sites, Omegle had a Facebook “like” button, Facebook “comments” plugin, Pinterest “pin” button, reddit “share” button, VK “share” button, and a Twitter “tweet” button embedded on the site. The use of these buttons and plugins may have constituted a “sale” of personal information under the CCPA. The buttons and plugins are no longer used. To the extent that the use of these buttons and plugins constituted a sale of personal information, in the preceding twelve (12) months, Omegle used the buttons and plugins which allowed the internet or other similar network activity category of personal information to be shared with Facebook, Pinterest, reddit, VK, and Twitter. This section describes your rights and explains how to exercise those rights You have the right to request that Omegle disclose certain information to you about Omegle’s collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. After Omegle receives and confirms your verifiable request (see Exercising Rights below), Omegle will disclose to you: You have the right to request that Omegle delete any of your personal information that Omegle collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once Omegle receives and confirms your verifiable request (see Exercising Rights below), Omegle will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. Omegle does not delete personal information in response to a request that has been or may be provided to law enforcement or that is or may be used to protect the safety and security of users. To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable request to us by either: [email protected] Omegle cannot respond or provide you with personal information if Omegle cannot verify your identity and authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. The verifiable request must: Omegle will only use personal information provided in a verifiable request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. Omegle takes reasonable measures to protect the limited personal information you submit to Omegle via the site and chat services against loss, theft, and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. However, Omegle cannot guarantee absolute security. No internet transmission of information is ever fully secure or error free. You should use caution whenever submitting information online and take special care in deciding the information you share with Omegle or another user. This Privacy Notice applies only to Omegle’s site and chat services. The site or chat services may contain links or buttons to third-party websites or services not owned or operated by Omegle. This Privacy Notice does not apply to privacy practices of those third-party links or buttons and Omegle does not endorse or review such. If you click on a link to another site, you should contact the third-party directly for information about its privacy practices. Omegle generally retains personal information for 120 days. However, personal information may be retained for a longer period as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice or as required or permitted by law. A Saved Chatlog and the online identifiers and IP addresses for the users involved in the Saved Chatlog are retained indefinitely. Omegle is located in the United States and processes all information in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and use Omegle’s site or chat services, you are transferring your information to Omegle in the United States. Omegle reserves the right to amend this Privacy Notice at Omegle’s discretion and at any time. When Omegle makes changes to this Privacy Notice, Omegle will post the updated notice on the site including the date it is updated. Your continued use of Omegle’s site and chat services following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.