There is a date of the last update of the agreements. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. This service is only available to users over a certain age. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes. You have the right to leave this service at any time. The copyright license that you grant this service is limited to the parties that make up the service's broader platform.. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. This service holds onto content that you've deleted.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. You maintain ownership of your content. You will be notified about website maintenance. The court of law governing the terms is in California, U.S.A.. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes, but you may opt out. You waive your right to a class action.. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users