Courses designed by experts with real-world practice. Join our global community. It's free. It's free. or Google Apple Facebook Introduction to C Introduction to Python Introduction to C# Introduction to SQL Introduction to HTML Introduction to CSS Introduction to Java Introduction to JavaScript C# Intermediate Introduction to C++ Tech for Everyone Python Intermediate Java Intermediate JavaScript Intermediate C++ Intermediate C Intermediate SQL Intermediate Web Development Angular Python Developer Coding Foundations Coding for Data Front-end for Beginners Tailored to youNo matter your experience level, you'll be writing real, functional code within minutes of starting your first course. Tailored to you No matter your experience level, you'll be writing real, functional code within minutes of starting your first course. real, functional code within minutes Bite-sizedGo step-by-step through our unique courses. Assess what you've learned with in-lesson quizzes, and gradually advance your skills with practice. Bite-sized Go step-by-step through our unique courses. Assess what you've learned with in-lesson quizzes, and gradually advance your skills with practice. gradually advance your skills with practice. Get proofEarn a certificate to validate your newly acquired skills. Post it on social for others to see. Get proof Earn a certificate to validate your newly acquired skills. Post it on social for others to see. Earn a certificate Learning on the goLearn on the web or on the go. Sololearn is always ready for you and you'll never lose your place. Learning on the go Learn on the web or on the go. Sololearn is always ready for you and you'll never lose your place. Learn on the web or on the go. More than 20 courses From Python, through data, to web dev. We got everything you need. We got everything you need. The perfect platform to boost your technical skillsStudentsPrepping for the big test or want to ace your first interview? Use Sololearn's real-world practice to reinforce what you've learned and get you ready for that big moment.ProfessionalsYou can learn something totally new to advance your career. Or maybe you just want to knock off the rust. Try Sololearn to get access to a variety of courses, from machine learning to web development. StudentsPrepping for the big test or want to ace your first interview? Use Sololearn's real-world practice to reinforce what you've learned and get you ready for that big moment.ProfessionalsYou can learn something totally new to advance your career. Or maybe you just want to knock off the rust. Try Sololearn to get access to a variety of courses, from machine learning to web development. StudentsPrepping for the big test or want to ace your first interview? Use Sololearn's real-world practice to reinforce what you've learned and get you ready for that big moment. Students Prepping for the big test or want to ace your first interview? Use Sololearn's real-world practice to reinforce what you've learned and get you ready for that big moment. ProfessionalsYou can learn something totally new to advance your career. Or maybe you just want to knock off the rust. Try Sololearn to get access to a variety of courses, from machine learning to web development. Professionals You can learn something totally new to advance your career. Or maybe you just want to knock off the rust. Try Sololearn to get access to a variety of courses, from machine learning to web development. Supportive community67,428,718Share your code or questions and get instant feedback or become a creator and spread your knowledge and experience with our global community of learners. 67,428,718 Share your code or questions and get instant feedback or become a creator and spread your knowledge and experience with our global community of learners. We have helped hundreds ofDelivery Driversto finally land a dream job We have helped hundreds of Delivery Drivers to finally land a dream job land a dream job WhycodeIt's popularTechnical skills are in high demand. Over 60% of new jobs worldwide will require tech skills.It's promisingUnlock your earning potential! Entry-level programmers in the U.S. earn on average over $78,000 in salary.It's funImagine combining your passion and skill with your creativity, and making something new everyday!Start right here on Sololearn by coding with our Code Playground and posting your coolest projects for all to see!Start learning code It's popularTechnical skills are in high demand. Over 60% of new jobs worldwide will require tech skills.It's promisingUnlock your earning potential! Entry-level programmers in the U.S. earn on average over $78,000 in salary.It's funImagine combining your passion and skill with your creativity, and making something new everyday! It's popularTechnical skills are in high demand. Over 60% of new jobs worldwide will require tech skills. It's popular Technical skills are in high demand. Over 60% of new jobs worldwide will require tech skills. It's promisingUnlock your earning potential! Entry-level programmers in the U.S. earn on average over $78,000 in salary. It's promising Unlock your earning potential! Entry-level programmers in the U.S. earn on average over $78,000 in salary. It's funImagine combining your passion and skill with your creativity, and making something new everyday! It's fun Imagine combining your passion and skill with your creativity, and making something new everyday! Start right here on Sololearn by coding with our Code Playground and posting your coolest projects for all to see! Start learning Unlimited practice2xPro users are twice as likely to incorporate practice in their learning planAd-free experience+132%Pro users spend 132% more time learning than regular ones.Habit formation92%Pro users that set up daily goals have the highest lesson completion rate of 92%! Unlimited practice2xPro users are twice as likely to incorporate practice in their learning plan Unlimited practice 2x Pro users are twice as likely to incorporate practice in their learning plan Ad-free experience+132%Pro users spend 132% more time learning than regular ones. Ad-free experience +132% Pro users spend 132% more time learning than regular ones. 132% Habit formation92%Pro users that set up daily goals have the highest lesson completion rate of 92%! Habit formation 92% Pro users that set up daily goals have the highest lesson completion rate of 92%! Progress statistics Daily goals Habit building features Lesson shortcuts Real life challenges Finished the Kotlin track Web developer Certificate The Success Story of Hatsy Hatsy "One day at the library, I noticed a stranger using an app that featured tutorials, questions, and exercises for C++ programming. It was Sololearn. I thought, "Neat, learning on your mobile phone!" I was just starting to learn to code and I made all the usual beginner mistakes, so I gave Sololearn a try. Through Sololearn, I have found many learners who have helped me grow. I have met teachers, engineers, developers, data scientists, and more amazing people. The learning environment created by Sololearn served as a catalyst for me to pick up good practices, which go beyond learning and into the workplace." Hatsy Rei, June 01, 2020 Award winning experience 4.8 from 5Stars on the AppStore 4.8 from 5 Stars on the AppStore App Of The YearFB Start by Facebook App Of The Year FB Start by Facebook Editors' ChoiceGoogle Play Editors' Choice Google Play Best Computer Coding Education SolutionEdTech Breakthrough Award 2021 Best Computer Coding Education Solution EdTech Breakthrough Award 2021 Sign up Email Name PasswordShow Show Already have an account?Sign in Already have an account? Sign in By signing up you agree to ourTerms of Use By signing up you agree to our Follow us on Linkedin Check out our facebook See what we tweet about Join our instagram Watch our Youtube Home Pro FAQ Contact Bug Bounty Program Careers Terms of Use