Sign inRemember Join now Maths English Recommendations England curriculum Test prep Awards Diagnostic Analytics Effective date: July 1, 2020 Effective date: IXL Learning, Inc. (hereafter called "IXL" "us" or "we") knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Policy describes our collection and use of personal information collected from you through the online and/or mobile services, websites, and software provided on or in connection with www.ixl.com (collectively, the "Service"), which are offered through (i) www.ixl.com, (ii) mobile applications associated with www.ixl.com, and (iii) any other IXL website, app or online service which links to this Privacy Policy. "You" or "your" means a visitor or a user (whether signed in or not) of our Service. Your use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of this Policy. A note about Student Data: This Service may be purchased by providers of educational services, such as schools, school districts, or teachers (collectively referred to as "Schools") that use our services for educational purposes. When IXL contracts with a School to provide the Service, we may collect or have access to Student Data (defined below), which may be provided by the School or by the student. We consider such Student Data to be strictly confidential and in general do not use such data for any purpose other than improving and providing our Services to the School or on the school's behalf. Our collection, use and sharing of Student Data is governed by our contracts with the School and any applicable laws and regulations including, in the U.S., provisions of the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA"), the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") and applicable state laws, including without limitation the Illinois Student Online Personal Protection Act (SOPPA). If you have any questions about reviewing, modifying, or deleting personal information of a student, please contact your School directly. See Section 11 to understand the principles which guide our collection, use and disclosure of Student Data. A note about Student Data: IXL collects information in several ways from different parts of the Service. Information you provide to us. The type of personal information we collect may vary depending on your account type. Information you provide to us. School Information. Student Information. Student Data Parent and Child Information. Learning and Activity Information. Information we receive automatically from your use of our Service. We use or may use the data collected through tracking technologies to secure the Service, improve the Service, to save you time, to provide better technical support, for promotional purposes, and to track website usage. For example, tracking technologies help us to: We and our third-party partners may also use cookies and tracking technologies for advertising purposes. For more information about tracking technologies, please see "Third-party tracking and online advertising" below. Third-party tracking and online advertising We use the information we collect for the following purposes: To provide and maintain the Service. We use the information we collect to deliver the Service to you. For example, we need to use your information to process payments, personalize learning curriculums, provide Schools, Parents and students with information and reports about student and child performance and use of the Service, respond to inquiries and provide customer support. To improve, personalize, and develop the Service. We use information to tailor the content and information that we may send or display to users, to offer personalized content and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experience while using the Service, including on various devices you may use to access the Service. We collect statistics to better understand how users access and use our Service, monitor the effectiveness of our Service, detect usage patterns, and to diagnose or fix technology problems. We also use information to demonstrate the effectiveness of the Service and perform research, and to develop, support, and improve our Service and other educational products and services. To communicate with you. We use your information to provide transactional notifications for certain activities relating to your use of our Service. For example, we may send e-mail notifications when a user completes an activity, to provide receipt for payment or other subscription notices. From time to time, we may send periodic promotional or informational e-mails to School or Parent users. We do not use Student Data to send marketing communications, and we do not send marketing communications to student or child users. You may opt-out of certain communications (e.g., marketing or certain notifications about your use of the Service) by following the opt-out instructions contained in the e-mail. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). To promote safety and security and respond to legal process. We use information to promote the safety and security of our Service, our uses and other third parties. For example, we may use the information to authenticate users, facilitate secure payments, detect and prevent fraud and other harmful activities, respond to legal requests or claims, and enforce our terms and policies. To provide and maintain the Service. We use the information we collect to deliver the Service to you. For example, we need to use your information to process payments, personalize learning curriculums, provide Schools, Parents and students with information and reports about student and child performance and use of the Service, respond to inquiries and provide customer support. To provide and maintain the Service. To improve, personalize, and develop the Service. We use information to tailor the content and information that we may send or display to users, to offer personalized content and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experience while using the Service, including on various devices you may use to access the Service. We collect statistics to better understand how users access and use our Service, monitor the effectiveness of our Service, detect usage patterns, and to diagnose or fix technology problems. We also use information to demonstrate the effectiveness of the Service and perform research, and to develop, support, and improve our Service and other educational products and services. To improve, personalize, and develop the Service. To communicate with you. We use your information to provide transactional notifications for certain activities relating to your use of our Service. For example, we may send e-mail notifications when a user completes an activity, to provide receipt for payment or other subscription notices. From time to time, we may send periodic promotional or informational e-mails to School or Parent users. We do not use Student Data to send marketing communications, and we do not send marketing communications to student or child users. You may opt-out of certain communications (e.g., marketing or certain notifications about your use of the Service) by following the opt-out instructions contained in the e-mail. You may not opt out of service-related communications (e.g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). To communicate with you. To promote safety and security and respond to legal process. We use information to promote the safety and security of our Service, our uses and other third parties. For example, we may use the information to authenticate users, facilitate secure payments, detect and prevent fraud and other harmful activities, respond to legal requests or claims, and enforce our terms and policies. To promote safety and security and respond to legal process. IXL may share or disclose your personal information as needed to provide our Service or with your consent or permission. We may also share personal information in the circumstances described below. Third parties with Consent or as Instructed We share information with consent and at the direction of Schools and Parents. For example, a School or Parent may direct IXL to share specific information with another individual, such as when a teacher directs IXL to send a communication to a parent. Similarly, we may share personal information with third parties, for example, if a School authorizes Google login or similar authentication tools for that School's user accounts. Third parties with Consent or as Instructed Others within the School. IXL may share information collected from users associated with a School with other users or persons designated by the School, such as teachers and school administrators of that School. Messages and content shared or posted by members of a School community, such as messages between a teacher and students in a class, will be accessible by School administrators or other designated School users. Others within the School. Vendors and Service Providers. IXL may share information with our trusted vendors, third party service providers and individuals to provide services or products for us or on our behalf, which may include analytics, hosting, billing, targeted advertising, and marketing (provided however, that IXL will not knowingly use any Student Data to target advertising or marketing). Vendors and service providers who have access to Student Data, if any, shall be contractually bound to uphold privacy and confidentiality terms no less protective than those provided herein. Vendors and Service Providers. Aggregate or De-Identified Information. We may share information in aggregated and/or anonymous form that cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual. For example, IXL may disclose aggregated user statistics (i.e., the total number or percentage of IXL users from a particular geographic region) in order to describe our Service to current and prospective partners and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. Aggregate or De-Identified Information. Merger or Sale. If IXL becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, change of control, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, your personal information may be transferred or disclosed in connection with the business transaction. In such an event, we will make efforts to provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. We will not transfer Student Data associated with School accounts in the event of a merger or sale unless the recipient has committed to The Student Privacy Pledge principles or similarly stringent privacy protections, or we will provide Schools with notice and an opportunity to opt-out of the transfer of Student Data by terminating their accounts and any associated student users before the transfer occurs. Merger or Sale. Other. IXL may release personal information if it has a good faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of IXL, its users, or the public; or (e) as required or permitted by law. Other. IXL does not display any targeted advertising on the Service. Please note that although we may permit third party advertising partners to collect information from visitors to adult-directed areas of the Service for the purpose of displaying advertisements on other websites or online services on our behalf, we take many steps to prevent these third-party advertising networks from collecting information for targeted advertising purposes once a subscriber to our Service signs into our Service. Please note that we rely on cookies to identify whether you are a subscriber to our Service and if you delete or block cookies, you may also delete the IXL cookie which prevents subscribers from receiving targeted IXL advertisements on other websites or online services. You may edit your account information at any time by signing in to your account, clicking on the account menu in the upper-right corner, and selecting Profile & settings. We recommend that you review your personal information periodically to ensure that it is accurate, complete, and current. If you do not provide and maintain accurate contact information for your account, we may not be able to provide you with the notices set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you are a parent or guardian of a student who uses the IXL Service through a School, please refer all questions and requests regarding access, modification, or deletion of your student's user account or Student Data to your child's school. The School may, at its discretion, address such requests with IXL and IXL shall respond promptly to all access, modification and deletion requests it receives from Schools. We will retain personal information for as long as needed to provide the Service and for our internal business purposes, which may extend beyond the termination or cancellation of your subscription or user account. For example, we may retain certain data as necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, for recordkeeping or other legitimate business purposes, or if required by law. We may also retain and use information which has been de-identified or aggregated such that it can no longer reasonably identify a particular individual. All retained personal information will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Student Data. We will not knowingly retain Student Data beyond the time period required to support an educational purpose, unless authorized by a School or parent. We do not delete or de-identify any Student Data from an active student user account associated with a School except at the direction of the School. The School is responsible for maintaining current student rosters and identifying Student Data which the School no longer needs for an educational purpose by removing students from the school's master roster or by submitting a deletion request. Student Data. We may not be able to immediately or completely delete all data in all instances, such as information retained in technical support records, customer service records, backups, and other similar business records. We will not be required to delete any information which has been de-identified or disassociated with personal identifiers such that the remaining information cannot reasonably be used to identify a particular individual. Information Security. The security of your personal information is very important to us. We have implemented a variety of physical, administrative and technological safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of the personal information we collect and to protect against unauthorized access to data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We restrict access to personal information to IXL employees, contractors, and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop, or improve our services. Our employees may be subject to disciplinary action, including termination, if they fail to meet privacy and confidentiality obligations. However, no security system is impenetrable—for that reason, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. If personal information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and take all steps required by applicable laws and regulations and our agreements with any affected Schools. Information Security. Maintaining the security of your personal information also requires your cooperation and involvement. For your protection, remember to sign out of all accounts before closing your browser. There is a sign out link available on most IXL pages. After signing out, make sure to close all browser windows. In addition, do not use the "Remember" feature if you are signing in to your account from a computer that other persons may have access to. This is to ensure that others cannot access your personal information if you share a computer with someone else or are using a public computer. Data storage and transfer. IXL is located in the United States. Personal information collected through our Website and Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which IXL or its affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Data storage and transfer. We may choose or be required by law to provide different or additional disclosures relating to the processing of personal information about residents of certain countries, regions or states. Please refer below for disclosures that may be applicable to you. Notice for California Residents This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California and for purposes of this section the term "personal information" has the meaning provided by the California Consumer Privacy Act (the "CCPA"). Please note this section does not apply to Student Data that we process on behalf of our School customers. Because IXL provides the Services to Schools as a "School Official," we collect, retain, use and disclose Student Data only for or on behalf of our School customers for the purpose of providing the Services specified in our agreement with the School and for no other commercial purpose. If you have any questions or would like to exercise your California rights, please contact your School directly. Please note this section does not apply to Student Data Residents of California may be entitled to certain rights with respect to personal information that we have collected about them under the CCPA: Right to Know. Right to Request Deletion. Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales. You also have the right to be free of discrimination for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you the Service or engage with you in the same manner. Please see the section called "Third-party tracking and online advertising" for more information about how third parties use cookies and related technologies to collect information automatically on our websites and other online services, and the choices you may have in relation to those activities. Shine the Light. California "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83) provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with regard to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without consent. Shine the Light. Minors. We do not sell the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "Right to Opt In") from either the minor who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a minor less than 13 years of age. Minors. Notice for Nevada Residents Notice for Residents in the European Economic Area ("EEA") Residents For personal information subject to the European Union General Data Processing Regulation ("GDPR"), we rely on several legal bases to process the data. These legal bases include where: If you have any questions about or would like further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided below in Section 14. Residents in the EEA are entitled to certain rights with respect to personal information that we hold about them under the GDPR: Right of access and portability. Right to rectification. Right to erasure. Right to restriction. Right to object. When IXL is used by a School in an educational setting, the School may authorize IXL to collect information from a child under 13. Please refer to Section 11 to learn more about how IXL protects Student Data, including Students who may be under the age of 13, when the Service is used by a School. The Student Privacy Pledge ("The Pledge"). As part of our commitment to The Pledge, when we have access to Student Data through the provision of our Services to a School, the following core principles guide our decisions around data, security, and technology: The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA"). This Privacy Policy and our Service are designed to meet our responsibilities to protect personal information from the students' educational records under FERPA. We agree to work with each School to jointly ensure compliance with the FERPA regulations. The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA"). The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). This Privacy Policy and our Service are designed to comply with COPPA. We do not knowingly collect personal information from a child under 13 unless and until a School has authorized us to collect such information through the provision of the Service on the School's behalf. When a School uses our Service in the classroom or in an educational context, we rely on the School to provide appropriate consent and authorization for a student under 13 to use the Service and for IXL to collect personal information from such student, as permitted by COPPA. Upon request, we will provide the School the opportunity to review and delete the personal information collected from their students. If you are a parent and you have questions about your child's use of our Service and any information collected, you should discuss your questions with your child's School. The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). Students Online Personal Information Protection Act ("SOPIPA"). This Privacy Policy and our Service are designed to comply with SOPIPA. We do not use Student Data for targeted advertising purposes. We do not use collected information to amass a profile of a K-12 student except in furtherance of K-12 school purposes. We never sell Student Data unless the sale is part of a corporate transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale of assets, in which case we make efforts to ensure the successor entity honors the privacy commitments made in this policy and/or we will notify you of such a sale and provide you an opportunity to opt-out by deleting your account before the data transfer occurs. We will not sell students' personal information to third parties other than in the context of a business transaction. Students Online Personal Information Protection Act ("SOPIPA"). California Assembly Bill 1584 ("AB 1584"). This Privacy Policy and our Service are designed to comply with AB 1584. Pupil records obtained by IXL from a local educational agency ("LEA") continue to be the property of and under the control of the LEA. Parents, legal guardians, or eligible pupils may review personally identifiable information in the pupil's records and correct erroneous information by contacting their LEA directly. In the event of an unauthorized disclosure of a pupil's records, IXL will notify the LEA and will provide the LEA with a report to be shared with the affected parent(s), legal guardians(s) or eligible pupil(s). Pupil records will be deleted and/or de-identified in accordance with our data retention and deletion policies described above in the section "How long does IXL retain your information." California Assembly Bill 1584 ("AB 1584"). The Services may contain links to and from third-party websites of our business partners, advertisers, and social media sites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and their practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We strongly recommend that you read their privacy policies and terms and conditions of use to understand how they collect, use, and share information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content on the websites of third-party sites. IXL may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Policy from time to time, which will be reflected in the 'Last Updated' date set forth at the beginning of this Policy. If we change this Policy in a material manner, we will do our best to notify you of the changes by posting a notice on our website or through other appropriate communication channels. Your continued use of the Services following the effective date of such update constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy. If you do not agree to any of the terms in this Policy or to any future terms in a future revision of this Policy, do not use or access (or continue to access) the Service. We will not make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or Terms of Service that would result in Student Data being used in a materially different manner than was disclosed when the information was collected without first giving notice to applicable Schools and providing a choice before such Student Data is used in a materially different manner than was disclosed when the information was collected. In the event that you or your School has entered into a signed, written agreement with IXL, changes to this Policy may not be effective as to you until either (a) you or your School affirmatively accepts the changes to this Policy, either electronically or in a signed writing or (b) upon renewal of the School's agreement with IXL at the end of the current term. If you have a question regarding this statement, or if a question was not addressed in this privacy policy, you may contact technical support using the contact information below. We will do our best to answer your question promptly and accurately. IXL Learning, Inc. 777 Mariners Island Blvd., Suite 600 San Mateo, CA 94404 (USA) IXL Learning, Inc. 777 Mariners Island Blvd., Suite 600 San Mateo, CA 94404 (USA) Tel. 020 3318 5967 Fax 020 3318 5968 Tel. 020 3318 5967 Fax 020 3318 5968 Last Updated: July 1, 2020 Last Updated: Privacy policy Follow us