Menu Wickr Me Privacy Policy Last Modified: January 5, 2023 Summary of Changes: Updates clarifying Wickr’s rights. Thank you for using Wickr Me! Wickr allows you to encrypt and send audio, video, voice, text messages and files, and conduct voice calls, so that you can communicate safely, securely, anonymously — and easily. This document, our Privacy Policy, governs how Wickr (collectively “we”, “us”, “Wickr”) handles our users’ (“you,” “your,” etc.) data both in the Wickr Me app itself (the “Wickr Me App” or “Wickr Me”) and on our website/servers (collectively, the “Services”). This policy does not cover Wickr business products. Our Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Wickr Terms of Service, so please read both documents carefully. Your use of the Services indicates your consent to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. If you do not want to be bound by these agreements, you may not use our Services. Our Privacy Practices in Brief:Wickr has to collect some information from you in order to provide our Services to you, but we work to do so in a limited and secure way, as follows: What Information Does Wickr Collect and How Is It Used?We are committed to limiting our collection of your information to what is necessary to provide you with our Services in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. The limited information we collect, receive, or have access to is used to provide the Service, to allow you to send and receive messages and files, to respond to your requests, to enforce our Terms of Service, and to improve the Services, in line with the legitimate interest we have in delivering the Services to you. It may also be shared under valid legal process and with third party service providers for the limited purposes described below. What We Don’t CollectEqually important to us is to share what information we don’t collect. We do not collect your location information or have access to the contents of the communications you send using the Wickr Me App. Remember, however, that if you send a Wickr message to another Wickr user, that message or related content might remain on their device even after you delete it from yours, depending on the value you set for the expiration or burn-on-read time of that message and whether the recipient took a screenshot of the message. User-Provided InformationWe collect some very limited information from you after you download the Wickr Me App in order to allow you to create a Wickr Me Account, and begin using the Wickr Me App. Optional User-Provided InformationWithin the Wickr Me App, we provide a few optional features for your convenience. Some of these features, described below, will ask for personal information. If you want to keep your use of Wickr Me as anonymous as possible, please read these sections carefully in order to understand how we associate information you provide with your Wickr Me account. Automatically Collected InformationWickr collects two types of information automatically during your setup and use of the Wickr Me App: Device Information, Aggregate Usage Data, and Crash Logs. What Information Does Wickr Share with Third Parties?We do not share any user information we have with third parties, with the exception of the third-party service with whom we share your phone number for the sole purpose of sending you an SMS confirmation if you choose to associate your phone number with your Wickr Me ID, to enforce our Terms of Service (e.g., terminating an account for promoting child sexual exploitation or abuse) or as otherwise required by law. (Also see “Law Enforcement” section below.)  We will always notify our users of any third-party requests for their information unless we are legally prohibited from doing so. As soon as legally permissible, we will notify our users of requests for their information. We require a warrant before handing over the contents of communications; however, because of the nature of our technology, the contents of communications will be encrypted and undecipherable if obtained. You Can Terminate Your AccountYou can terminate your account at any time. Once terminated, your account will be irrevocably suspended, ensuring that nobody can use that Wickr ID again in order to prevent impersonation. If you wish to terminate your Wickr Me account, go to Settings, “Terminate Account” and verify by entering your password. We Retain As Little Data As Possible, for the Least Time Possible Data Retention on Wickrʼs Servers: Our servers store the encrypted messages that you send and receive for up to 6 days to ensure their reliable delivery to each device associated with your account and the accounts to which you transmit messages. We retain certain account data (i.e., types of messages sent and account settings changes) which contain no PII for up to 6 days. We Are Serious About SecurityWe are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop, or improve our Services. No sensitive information is in the clear: we take reasonable efforts (as described herein) to ensure that everything we store is not retrievable by us or anyone else. However, as security experts, we know that no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. Therefore, we have limited the potential implications of such a breach by designing our system so that in the event of a breach, we would have the least possible information about you. ChildrenWickr is not directed to children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have allowed a child under 13 to access our Services, we will take appropriate steps to promptly remove such account and delete all information associated with such account. If you live in any other country except those in the European Region, you must be at least 13 years old to register for the Services. If you live in the European Region, you must be at least 16 years old to register for and use our Services. Cookie PolicyWe tirelessly work on improving our services and raising awareness about our products, which are designed to ensure our users’ security and privacy. To accomplish these goals, we use cookies on the Wickr website that enable us to learn how visitors navigate our content and interact with our marketing materials so we can be more effective at informing our users about product developments. A cookie is a small text file that is placed in visitors’ browsers to help us learn when users arrive at our site, how they use the site, when they leave, and when they come back. These cookies can never be used to identify user accounts within the Wickr App. Here is an example of how we may use information collected via cookies: we may think that one of our new features would be very useful to the Wickr community, but cookies may tell us that very few users fully read that feature’s description on our site. That insight would help us to rethink the way we explain that product on our site or present it in an advertisement so that we can better communicate our services to our users. We make every reasonable effort to minimize the information we collect. For example, we enforce IP masking for the website analytics purposes to conceal the last 4 digits of IP addresses which ensures that visitor’s full IP addresses are not collected via third party services such as Google Analytics. Web FormsTo enable our visitors to reach out to us with sales inquiries, we may collect information using online form submissions. Please note that all information you provide via web forms on our site is strictly voluntary and will never be used in any way that is inconsistent with other provisions of this Privacy Policy. Third PartiesTo improve Wickr’s products, website, or marketing, we may engage with various outside partners that have access to the limited data users voluntarily share with Wickr via the app, web forms, cookies, or customer support and sales inquiries. We carefully select each of our partners based on Wickr’s commitment to user privacy and security. Our security team meticulously vets each prospective partner to ensure its policies and practices are on par with Wickr’s standards. We Can Change This Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here along with information about what has changed and an archive of past policies. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. By continuing to use the Services, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. Users Outside the USIf you use our Services, your information will be transferred to the U.S. and will be processed and stored under U.S. data protection and privacy regulations which may differ from those your country of residence. By using our Services and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to and processing in the U.S. We take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. Please note that all user communications on the Wickr Services are protected between devices and are never stored unencrypted hence are undecipherable to Wickr or other third parties. You are responsible for complying with any laws or regulations in your country that govern use of applications and services like Wickr Me. If you live in the European Region, please note the following: Opt-out. You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: Access. You may access the data we hold about you at any time within the application or by contacting us directly. Amend. You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in your personal data. Erase and forget. In certain situations, for example, when the data we hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request that we erase your data. Please note that only you can delete your Wickr Me account at any time from within the Services, due to privacy design of the Service, we are unable to delete Wickr Me accounts upon your request. View Previous Versions March 2021 August 2021 February 2022 Products Security Company Support Connect © 2023, Amazon Web Services, Inc. or its affiliates. All rights reserved.