WordPress.com Last Updated: October 31, 2023 These Terms of Service (“Terms”) describe our commitments to you, and your rights and responsibilities when using our services. Please read them carefully and reach out to us if you have any questions. If you don’t agree to these Terms, don’t use our services. If you are a user in countries located in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (“European User”), some special terms apply to you as mentioned below. These Terms also govern visitors’ access to and use of any websites that use our Services, like the websites that our users create on WordPress.com. Please note though that the operators of those websites may also have their own separate terms of use. Please read these Terms carefully before accessing or using our Services. By accessing or using any part of our Services, you agree to be bound by all of the Terms and all other operating rules, policies, and procedures that we may publish via the Services from time to time (collectively, the “Agreement”). You also agree that we may automatically change, update, or add on to our Services as stated in the Terms, and the Agreement will apply to any changes. “You” means any individual or entity using our Services. If you use our Services on behalf of another person or entity, you represent and warrant that you’re authorized to accept the Agreement on that person’s or entity’s behalf, that by using our Services you’re accepting the Agreement on behalf of that person or entity, and that if you, or that person or entity, violates the Agreement, you and that person or entity agree to be responsible to us. Please see below to determine which entity your Agreement is with, which depends on where you reside and which Services you use. We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to Australia, Canada, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, and all countries located in Europe. Automattic Services (except Woo) Woo Services Woo services includes WooCommerce, WooPayments, Woo Shipping, Woo Tax, MailPoet, and other products or services available at Woo.com. (Please note that for the use of Third-Party Services — as defined below — additional terms may govern). We refer to Automattic Inc., Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd., WooCommerce, Inc., and WooCommerce Ireland Ltd. collectively as “Automattic,” “us,” or “we” throughout these Terms. When using our Services requires an account, you agree to provide us with complete and accurate information and to keep the information current so that we can communicate with you about your account. We may need to send you emails about notable updates (like changes to our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy), or to let you know about legal inquiries or complaints we receive about the ways you use our Services so you can make informed choices in response. We may limit your access to our Services until we’re able to verify your account information, like your email address. When you create a WordPress.com account, we consider that to be an inquiry about our products and services, which means that we may also contact you to share more details about what we have to offer (i.e., marketing). Don’t worry — if you aren’t interested, you can opt out of the marketing communications, whether it’s an email, phone call, or text message. You’re solely responsible and liable for all activity under your account. You’re also fully responsible for maintaining the security of your account (which includes keeping your password secure). We’re not liable for any acts or omissions by you, including any damages of any kind incurred as a result of your acts or omissions. If you get fired because of a blog post you write about your boss, that’s on you. Don’t share or misuse your access credentials. And notify us immediately of any unauthorized uses of your account, store, or website, or of any other breach of security. If we believe your account has been compromised, we may suspend or disable it. Our Services are not directed to children. You’re not allowed to access or use our Services if you’re under the age of 13 (or 16 in Europe). If you register as a user or otherwise use our Services, you represent that you’re at least 13 (or 16 in Europe). You may use our Services only if you can legally form a binding contract with us. In other words, if you’re under 18 years of age (or the legal age of majority where you live), you can only use our Services under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to the Agreement. We haven’t reviewed, and can’t review, all of the content (like text, photo, video, audio, code, computer software, items for sale, and other materials) posted to or made available through our Services by users or anyone else (“Content”) or on websites that link to, or are linked from, our Services. We’re not responsible for any use or effects of Content or third-party websites. So, for example: Please note that additional third-party terms and conditions may apply to Content you download, copy, purchase, or use. based on an advertising campaign budget that you set Taxes. To the extent permitted by law, or unless explicitly stated otherwise, all fees do not include applicable federal, provincial, state, local or other governmental sales, value-added, goods and services, harmonized or other taxes, fees, or charges (“Taxes”). You’re responsible for paying all applicable Taxes relating to your use of our Services, your payments, or your purchases. If we’re obligated to pay or collect Taxes on the fees you’ve paid or will pay, you’re responsible for those Taxes, and we may collect payment from you. Payment. You must provide accurate and up-to-date payment information. By providing your payment information, you authorize us to store it until you request deletion. If your payment fails, we suspect fraud, or Paid Services are otherwise not paid for or paid for on time (for example, if you contact your bank or credit card company to decline or reverse the charge of fees for Paid Services), we may immediately cancel or revoke your access to Paid Services without notice to you. You authorize us to charge any updated payment information provided by your bank or payment service provider (e.g., new expiration date) or other payment methods provided if we can’t charge your primary payment method. Automatic Renewal. By enrolling in a subscription, you authorize us to automatically charge the then-applicable fees and Taxes for each subsequent subscription period until the subscription is canceled. If you received a discount, used a coupon code, or subscribed during a free trial or promotion, your subscription will automatically renew for the full price of the subscription at the end of the discount period. This means that unless you cancel a subscription, it’ll automatically renew and we’ll charge your payment method(s). You must cancel at least one month before the scheduled end date of any annual subscription and at least 24 hours before the end of any shorter subscription period. The date for the automatic renewal is based on the date of the original purchase and cannot be changed. If you’ve purchased access to multiple services, you may have multiple renewal dates. Fees and Changes. We may change our fees at any time in accordance with these Terms and requirements under applicable law. This means that we may change our fees going forward, start charging fees for Services that were previously free, or remove or update features or functionality that were previously included in the fees. If you don’t agree with the changes, you must cancel your Paid Service. Refunds. We may have a refund policy for some of our Paid Services, and we’ll also provide refunds if required by law. In all other cases, there are no refunds and all payments are final. We may have a “no-show policy” for some Paid Services that require your participation. This means that if you don’t show up for, don’t participate in, or are late for a scheduled session, you’ll still be charged for the Paid Service and won’t be entitled to a refund. European Users: You have the right to withdraw from the transaction within fourteen (14) days from the date of the purchase without giving any reason as long as your purchase was not of a customized nature, the service has not been fully performed, or subject to other limitations as permitted by law. For digital content, you agree that any purchase of digital content will be made available to you immediately and as a result you waive any right of withdrawal to such content. If you cancel this contract, we will reimburse you all payments we have received from you, including delivery costs (with the exception of additional costs resulting from the fact that you have chosen a type of delivery other than the most favorable standard delivery offered by us), without undue delay and no later than within fourteen days from the day on which we received the notification of your cancellation of this contract. For this repayment, we will use the same means of payment that you used for the original transaction, unless expressly agreed otherwise with you; you will not be charged for this repayment. If you have requested that we begin our services during the withdrawal period, you will pay us a reasonable amount corresponding to the services already provided up to the time you notify us of the exercise of the withdrawal right compared to the total scope of the services provided for in the contract. If you cancel your contract with us, you will refrain from using the digital content or digital services or making them available to third parties. Fees Paid to Websites or Website Owners. Website owners can sell items (goods, content, services, etc.), offer subscriptions for their websites at specific price points and intervals, or simply collect payments. We’re not involved in a website’s subscription details or store operations (including the quality, timing, pricing, or legality of what may or may not be included in exchange for payment, or any goods or services purchased). If you buy items or subscriptions from a website, you’re making the purchase directly from the website owner, and they’re solely responsible for the items sold. Please contact the website owner if you have any questions or complaints. We love hearing from you and are always looking to improve our Services. When you share comments, ideas, or feedback with us, you agree that we’re free to use them without any restriction or compensation to you. Our mission is to make the web a better place, and our Services are designed to give you control and ownership over your websites. We encourage you to express yourself freely, subject to a few requirements. In particular, you represent and warrant that your use of our Services: Your WordPress.com Website’s URL. If you create a website on WordPress.com, you get free use of an Automattic-owned subdomain, like yourgroovysite.wordpress.com or mollys.food.blog. You must not engage in “domain squatting,” claim an unreasonable number of subdomains (as determined by us), or sell access to any subdomains. Removing Content. If you delete Content, we’ll use reasonable efforts to remove it from public view (or in the case of a private website, from view by the authorized visitors) on WordPress.com, but you acknowledge that cached versions of the Content or references to the Content may not be immediately unavailable. Web Traffic. We may use a third-party service to measure WordPress.com’s audience and usage. By having your website on WordPress.com, you agree to assign the traffic for your website to Automattic, and you authorize us to sign a Traffic Assignment Letter on your behalf. This means that your website’s traffic may be included under Automattic, your website may not receive credit for traffic in the respective reports, and you must not assign your website’s traffic to any other party. If we require additional documentation to verify ownership of your website or domain name, you agree to make reasonable efforts to provide it. Advertisements. We may display advertisements on your website and domain unless you have purchased a plan that includes the removal of ads. Professional Email. If we provide you with a refund for your purchase of Built By WordPress.com Express, you may not use the website or its layout, web design, content, or other development we have provided to you, and we reserve the right to delete or revert the website to its previous state. Woo is an open source, customizable ecommerce platform. The Services we offer at Woo.com give you the power to sell your products and services in whatever way your business needs. Your use of certain Services offered via Woo, like those related to tax calculation, payment, and shipping, may require a Jetpack connection to function. If you enable those features, the Jetpack-specific terms also apply. Extensions. The software in the extensions available in the Woo Marketplace is licensed under GPL. Extensions may have their own requirements (like requiring a connection to their servers in order to provide their services) and terms that apply. Extensions. The software in the extensions available in the Woo Marketplace is licensed under GPL. Extensions may have their own requirements (like requiring a connection to their servers in order to provide their services) and terms that apply. as described in our Support Policy ) Please note that extensions and themes are purchased and handled separately, and may function independently. While many work well in tandem, that may not always be the case. WooPay is a service that facilitates faster checkouts on sites using Woo, by enabling you to save some of your information, such as shipping and payment information, for future purchases. such as shipping and payment information, for future purchase or you must select the option to checkout with WooPay Even when your saved WooPay information is used for a transaction, the transaction remains only between you and the merchant. Requesting the deletion of your WooPay information will not cancel any transactions you have already made or terminate any subscriptions you have already enrolled in. To cancel a transaction or terminate a subscription, you must contact the merchant directly. either via a Jetpack connection or License. By using Jetpack, you grant us access to your website’s servers for the purpose of backing up, taking measures to protect and scanning your Jetpack Content, and restoring files and database information (which may include access details for multiple servers or accounts for each website that we backup). Jetpack may temporarily install extra software on your website to back up your website and scan it for security vulnerabilities. In order to address security vulnerabilities, we may automatically update your version of Jetpack or access your website to remove malicious code. We may also manually access your site to troubleshoot your support requests, or if there’s an emergency. You agree that we may scan your website and compile aggregated/anonymized statistics for our internal use (such as to optimize Jetpack’s performance). Jetpack CRM is an open source, customizable customer relationship management tool built specifically for WordPress sites. Jetpack CRM core is free to install and you can extend the functionality by purchasing premium extensions. Access. If you lose access to your WordPress.com account, you may not be able to access your VaultPress Content. License. By using VaultPress, you grant us access to your website’s servers for the purpose of backing up and securing your VaultPress Content, and restoring files and database information (which may include access details for multiple servers or accounts for each website that we backup). To address security vulnerabilities, we may automatically update your version of VaultPress, or access your website to remove malicious code. We may also manually access your site to troubleshoot your support requests, or if there’s an emergency. You agree that we may scan your website and compile aggregated/anonymized statistics for our internal use to optimize the VaultPress service. You also grant us a worldwide, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable, and non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, distribute, adapt, and store your VaultPress Content for the purpose of operating and improving our products and Services. Blaze enables you to advertise on some of the millions of pages across WordPress.com, Tumblr, and sites enrolled in WordAds . If you use Blaze (which may be available through our other Services), you must comply with our advertising policy . If you use Ecommerce Services, the terms in this subsection apply, along with the terms for any underlying Service that you use. Your responsibilities. You have control over your store, and with great power comes great responsibility. We’re not involved in your relationships or transactions with any customer or potential customer, and you’re solely responsible for all of your ecommerce activities. Among other things, this means that you: should not encourage customers to submit chargebacks. Prohibited Uses. You may not use Ecommerce Services for any unlawful purposes; in furtherance of illegal activities; or in a manner that is unfair, deceptive, exposes us or customers to unreasonable risks, or does not disclose important terms of a transaction in advance. Among other things, this means that: We may terminate your access to our Services or force refunds (where possible) to your subscribers and customers without notice to you if we determine (in our sole discretion) that your use violates the Agreement, or if a payment processor or regulatory authority requires it. If you have a negative account balance (for example because of fraud, chargebacks, or other operational issues) or we’re obligated to pay or collect any fees relating to your ecommerce activities or your use of Ecommerce Services, you’re responsible for those losses and fees, and we may collect payment for those losses and fees. Tax Calculations. While some Ecommerce Services allow you to include sales taxes in transactions — for example, tax calculations may be provided by Taxamo — you shouldn’t rely solely on these features. We work to keep our documents and tools up-to-date, but tax laws change rapidly; and we can’t guarantee that tax calculations you receive through or in connection with our Services are complete and accurate. Tax laws also differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may be interpreted differently by different authorities. We recommend consulting with a tax professional for your specific tax situation to assess the tax rates you should charge. If we’re obligated to pay or collect Taxes on your ecommerce activities or your use of Ecommerce Services, you’re responsible for these Taxes, and we may collect payment for them from you. We’re not involved in these relationships, but may facilitate transactions or communication. For example, we may, on your behalf, receive notices or forms relating to your Stripe account. Some of these third party services may be enabled by default, but you can disable them before launching your store if you don’t want to use them. We may refuse, condition, or suspend any transaction or account (including your use of WooPayments) if we believe you have violated the Agreement or that your activities or transactions expose you, us, or others to unacceptable risks, as determined by us in our sole discretion. You authorize us to share data relating to WooPayments with the applicable payment processing third party for their use in accordance with their privacy policy. Please refer to our privacy policy for details on how we otherwise collect, use, and disclose data made available to us as part of WooPayments. We may also offer you the ability to process certain transactions in-person through an in-person payments feature. As part of this feature, you may purchase or we may provide you with a point-of-sale (POS) terminal. These POS terminals are manufactured by third parties and are provided “as-is” and “with all faults.” Neither we nor the third-party manufacturer offers you any warranty on these products. You’ll be responsible for all shipping and handling charges for the POS terminal specified during the ordering process. We may restrict availability based on your region or limit the quantity of POS terminals that you may order. We may reject any order at any time, in which case, we’ll refund what you paid. Risk of loss for the POS terminal passes to you when the shipping carrier receives the terminal from our drop shipper for delivery, and title will transfer to you upon delivery. Shipping and delivery dates are estimates only and cannot be guaranteed. We are not liable for any delays in shipments. Unless a refund is required by law, there are no refunds for POS terminals and all transactions are final. More on WooPay Specifically. When you use WooPayments, WooPay may be available as a checkout option on your checkout page unless you remove it from your checkout options through your administrative controls. WooPay may not be available in all languages or jurisdictions, and we make no representation that WooPay is available for use in all locations or for all products or services. The use of saved WooPay information for a transaction does not change your obligations relating to the transaction, and we make no representations or warranties that the saved WooPay information is accurate or that the WooPay user is authorized to use any payment information they saved with WooPay. You acknowledge and agree that we are not and do not become a party to the transaction between you and your customer as a result of the use of WooPay and that we will not be responsible for any aspect of the products or services that you sell. By enabling WooPay on your site: You are bound to Google’s Terms of Service (because WooPay uses Google’s Places API for a smoother checkout for your customers); You’re solely responsible for compliance with all applicable rules and regulations, including domestic and international shipping and customs regulations and any regulations imposed by the mailing service(s) you use. If you use services provided by the US Postal Service (“USPS”): In addition, you’re solely responsible for customs charges, import taxes or duties, and any other charges related to your shipments. If we incur any charges as a result of your use of the shipping services, you agree to reimburse us for the full amount within 7 days. You may not transfer or sell postage and/or shipping labels to a third party. We may offer features that incorporate artificial intelligence (AI), like blocks or plugins that enable you to use AI to generate content or images for your website or store. As between you and Automattic, and to the extent permitted by law, you own or have the rights to any content you input into AI features (“Input”) and any content generated by the AI features (“Output”). The Agreement doesn’t transfer any Automattic or third-party intellectual property to you, and all right, title, and interest in and to such property remains (as between Automattic and you) solely with Automattic. Automattic, WordPress, WordPress.com, Woo, Jetpack, VaultPress, Happy Tools, Jetpack CRM, MailPoet, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with our websites or Services are trademarks or registered trademarks of Automattic (or Automattic’s licensors). Other trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos used in connection with our Services may be the trademarks of other third parties. Using our Services doesn’t grant you any right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Automattic or third-party trademarks. While using the Services, you may enable, use, or purchase services, products, software, embeds, or applications (like themes, extensions, plugins, blocks, or point-of-sale terminals) provided or manufactured by a third party or yourself (“Third-Party Services”). If you use any Third-Party Services, you understand and agree that: Even if you purchase a third-party extension through a marketplace we operate, any services related to that extension are subject to and governed by the terms and policies of the third party (“Third Party”). In rare cases we may at our discretion, suspend, disable, or remove Third-Party Services from your account or website. We may modify the Terms from time to time, for example, to reflect changes to our Services (e.g., adding new features or benefits to our Services or retiring certain features of certain Services) or for legal, regulatory, or security reasons. If we do this, we’ll provide notice of the changes, such as by posting the amended Terms and updating the “Last Updated” date or, if the changes, in our sole discretion, are material, we may notify you through our Services or other communications. Any changes will apply on a going-forward basis, and, unless we say otherwise, the amended Terms will be effective immediately. By continuing to use our Services after we’ve notified you, you agree to be bound by the new Terms. You have the right to object to any changes at any time by ceasing your use of our Services and canceling any subscription you have. We may terminate your access to all or any part of our Services at any time, with or without cause or notice, effective immediately, including if we believe, in our sole discretion, that you have violated this Agreement, any service guidelines, or other applicable terms. We have the right (though not the obligation) to (i) reclaim your username or website’s URL due to prolonged inactivity, (ii) refuse or remove any content that, in our reasonable opinion, violates any part of this Agreement or any Automattic policy, or is in any way harmful or objectionable, (iii) ask you to make adjustments, restrict the resources your website uses, or terminate your access to the Services, if we believe your website’s storage or bandwidth usage burdens our systems (which is rare and typically only occurs when a website is used for file sharing or storage), or (iv) terminate or deny access to and use of any of our Services to any individual or entity for any reason. We will have no obligation to provide a refund of any fees previously paid. You can stop using our Services at any time, or, if you use a Paid Service, you can cancel at any time, subject to the Fees, Payment, and Renewal section of these Terms. Except to the extent any applicable law provides otherwise, the Agreement and any access to or use of our Services will be governed by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., excluding its conflict of law provisions and the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of or relating to the Agreement and any access to or use of our Services will be the state and federal courts located in San Francisco County, California, U.S.A. Nothing in this Agreement affects your rights as a consumer to rely on mandatory provisions in your country of residence. In no event will Automattic, or its suppliers, partners, or licensors, be liable (including for any third-party products or services purchased or used through our Services) with respect to any subject matter of the Agreement under any contract, negligence, strict liability or other legal or equitable theory for: (i) any special, incidental or consequential damages; (ii) the cost of procurement for substitute products or services; (iii) for interruption of use or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any amounts that exceed $50 or the fees paid by you to Automattic under the Agreement during the twelve (12) month period prior to the cause of action, whichever is greater. Automattic shall have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond its reasonable control. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent prohibited by applicable law. European Users: If we cause damage to you and you are a consumer in Europe, we limit our liability to the maximum amount permissible in your country of residence. Liability will be limited to foreseeable damages arising due to a breach of material contractual obligations typical for this type of contract. Automattic isn’t liable for damages that result from a non-material breach of any other applicable duty of care. This limitation of liability will not apply to any statutory liability that cannot be limited, to liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, liability caused by our willful misconduct or gross negligence, or our responsibility for something we have specifically promised to you. You and we agree that we and our affiliates’ total liability is limited to the greater of $50 or the amount paid by you to use our Services during the 12 months preceding the claim; To the extent that our liability is limited or excluded, the limitations or exclusions will also apply to the personal liability of our employees, legal representatives, and vicarious agents. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Automattic, its contractors, and its licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from and against any and all losses, liabilities, demands, damages, costs, claims, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to your use of our Services, including but not limited to your violation of the Agreement or any agreement with a provider of third-party services used in connection with the Services or applicable law, Content that you post, and any ecommerce activities conducted through your or another user’s website. or applicable law These Terms were originally written in English (US). We may translate these terms into other languages, and in the event of a conflict between a translated version of these Terms and the English version, the English version will control. The Agreement (together with any other terms we provide that apply to any specific Service) constitutes the entire agreement between Automattic and you concerning our Services. If any part of the Agreement is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part is severable from the Agreement, and does not affect the validity or enforceability of the rest of the Agreement. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of the Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. Automattic may assign its rights under the Agreement without condition. You may only assign your rights under the Agreement with our prior written consent. An Joint