 Privacy Policy Rethink DNS + Firewall are anti-surveillance tools first and foremost: It is absolutely against our ethos, then, to track users of our apps and services, or sell any information whatsoever to any third-party in any form, pseudo-anonymized, de-anonymized, anonymized, aggregated, or otherwise. App Privacy Policy We do not collect, sell, license, share any data (personally identifiable or otherwise) from the . Revision: 21 Oct 2020 The app is free of any trackers, spyware, ads, or loggers whatsoever. This can be, to an extent, ascertained from our code which is open-source on . The app does not use or depend on or embed any third-party services in its default setting. The only exception is Google PlayStore (see their ) which is used as an app distribution channel. The app does not collect any debug or diagnostic data unless you explicitly choose to share it with us, for example, over . DNS Privacy Policy We do not collect, sell, license, share any personally identifiable data from our DNS resolvers. The so you may inspect it yourself or deploy to your servers. Revision: 14 Oct 2022 For stub resolvers: and The resolver does not collect personally identifiable information nor does it seek to profile a user or a group of users. This DNS-over-HTTPS resolver runs on Cloudflare's network whose privacy policy you may find . For recursive resolver: This DNS-over-HTTPS and DNS-over-TLS recursive resolver runs on Fly.io whose privacy policy you may find . Website Privacy Policy We do not collect, sell, license, share any data (including cookies) from our any of our web pages at . Revision: 20 Mar 2021 The website does not set any cookies or attempt to track a user in way or form. The website does not embed any third-party analytics or services that may track users. The website does not log any interactions a visiting user has with the website. The website and app download link are hosted and served by Cloudflare, respectively, whose privacy policy you may find . Explanation If you spot any ambiguity with privacy policies outlined on this page then please and we would update it right away.. Personally identifiable information: Any data that can be traced back to the user including (but not limited to) a combination of IP addresses, name, device-id, advertisement-id, and location. Non personally identifiable information: Aggregrated (summarized) data and anonymized data scrubbed off any personally identifiable information. Collect: Data stored by Rethink. Sell: Data sold to third parties. License: Restricted access to data collected by Rethink to third parties. Share: Permanent access to data collected by Rethink to third parties.