 Creation Website Design Discover all the ways you can create and design your website on Wix. Website Templates Explore 800+ designer-made templates & start with the right one for you. Advanced Web Development Build web applications on Velo's open dev platform. Mobile App Build, customize and manage your website on the go. Hire a Professional Find a professional to help build, design and promote your site. Website Essentials Become a Wix Partner Gain Partner benefits & scale your business. → Business eCommerce Website Sell products and manage fulfillment from one eCommerce platform. Service Businesses Manage bookings, payments, staff, and clients with our scheduling solution. Restaurants Display your menu and take orders & reservations online. Blog Website Share ideas with your audience and drive traffic to your website. Fitness Offer classes and manage your clients, bookings and payments online. Tools & Features Resources All Features Find everything you need to build your site and run your business. Web Design Inspiration Get inspired by unique designs & powerful websites built on Wix. Wix Learn Take video courses & lessons and gain the skills you need to succeed online. Wix Blog Get business tips, online marketing guidance, and the latest website trends. English top of page Wix.com Privacy PolicyEffective from January 17, 2023Welcome to Wix.com’s Privacy Policy Wix.com Privacy Policy Effective from January 17, 2023 Welcome to Wix.com’s Privacy Policy 1. Please read carefully Wix.com cares deeply about the privacy of its visitors and users. To that end, this Privacy Policy (“ Privacy Policy ”) describes how Wix.com Ltd., together with its affiliated companies worldwide (“ Wix ”, “ we our ”, or “ us ”), collect, use, and share your Personal Information, as well as an explanation of the data rights you may have in that Personal Information. This Privacy Policy applies to all Wix users, including unregistered visitors, registered users, and premium users (collectively, “ Users you your Website ”), web applications (“ Wix Apps ”), mobile applications (“ Mobile Apps” ), and related services (collectively, the “ Services ”). This Privacy Policy is not intended to override the terms of any contract you have with us, nor any rights you may have under other applicable data privacy laws. Prior to accessing or using our Services, please read this policy and make sure you fully understand our practices in relation to your Personal Information. If you read and fully understand this Privacy Policy, and remain opposed to our practices, you must immediately leave and discontinue all use of any of our Services. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please contact us here. here #ItsThatEasy This policy describes our privacy practices – what Personal Information we collect about our Users, what we do with it, how we share it, and your rights regarding that Personal Information. ​ By accessing or using any of our Services, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy. This policy describes our privacy practices – what Personal Information we collect about our Users, what we do with it, how we share it, and your rights regarding that Personal Information. ​ By accessing or using any of our Services, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy. 2. What ‘Personal Information’ do we collect? 2.1. User information: To provide you the Services, we must collect Personal Information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Personal Information”). We collect Personal Information you provide us, from your use of the Services, and from other sources. Here are the types of Personal Information we collect about you: Information you provide us. When you register for our Services, sign up for any Wix events, subscribe to our blog(s) or newsletter(s), purchase and/or register domain names, use any of our Services; and/or when you contact us directly by any communication channel (e.g., Wix’s support tickets, emails), you may provide us Personal Information, such as name, email address, phone number, payment information (for Users with Paid Services), information you include in your communications with us and with other users on our platform, and Personal Information contained in scanned identification documents (such as an ID card, driver’s license, passport, or official company registration documents). Information we collect when you use the Services. When you visit, download, and/or use any of our Services, we may collect aggregated usage Personal Information, such as Visitors’ and Users’ browsing and ‘click-stream’ activity on the Services, session heatmaps and scrolls, non-identifying Personal Information regarding the Visitor’s or User’s device, operating system, internet browser, screen resolution, language and keyboard settings, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, date/time stamps, etc Information we collect from other sources. We may receive Personal Information about you from third-party sources, such as i) security providers , fraud detection and prevention providers for example to help us screen out users associated with fraud, ii) social media platforms, when you log-in or sign-up using your social media account, we may receive Personal Information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile Personal Information) and in some cases, we may collect Personal Information from lead enhancement companies which help us to improve our service offering; iii) advertising and marketing partners in order to monitor, manage and measure our ad campaigns. To provide you the Services, we must collect Personal Information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Personal Information”). We collect Personal Information you provide us, from your use of the Services, and from other sources. Here are the types of Personal Information we collect about you: To provide you the Services, we must collect Personal Information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“ Personal Information ”). We collect Personal Information you provide us, from your use of the Services, and from other sources. Here are the types of Personal Information we collect about you: Information you provide us. When you register for our Services, sign up for any Wix events, subscribe to our blog(s) or newsletter(s), purchase and/or register domain names, use any of our Services; and/or when you contact us directly by any communication channel (e.g., Wix’s support tickets, emails), you may provide us Personal Information, such as name, email address, phone number, payment information (for Users with Paid Services), information you include in your communications with us and with other users on our platform, and Personal Information contained in scanned identification documents (such as an ID card, driver’s license, passport, or official company registration documents). Information you provide us. When you register for our Services, sign up for any Wix events, subscribe to our blog(s) or newsletter(s), purchase and/or register domain names, use any of our Services; and/or when you contact us directly by any communication channel (e.g., Wix’s support tickets, emails), you may provide us Personal Information, such as name, email address, phone number, payment information (for Users with Paid Services), information you include in your communications with us and with other users on our platform, and Personal Information contained in scanned identification documents (such as an ID card, driver’s license, passport, or official company registration documents). Information we collect when you use the Services. When you visit, download, and/or use any of our Services, we may collect aggregated usage Personal Information, such as Visitors’ and Users’ browsing and ‘click-stream’ activity on the Services, session heatmaps and scrolls, non-identifying Personal Information regarding the Visitor’s or User’s device, operating system, internet browser, screen resolution, language and keyboard settings, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, date/time stamps, etc Information we collect when you use the Services. When you visit, download, and/or use any of our Services, we may collect aggregated usage Personal Information, such as Visitors’ and Users’ browsing and ‘click-stream’ activity on the Services, session heatmaps and scrolls, non-identifying Personal Information regarding the Visitor’s or User’s device, operating system, internet browser, screen resolution, language and keyboard settings, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, date/time stamps, etc Information we collect from other sources. We may receive Personal Information about you from third-party sources, such as i) security providers , fraud detection and prevention providers for example to help us screen out users associated with fraud, ii) social media platforms, when you log-in or sign-up using your social media account, we may receive Personal Information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile Personal Information) and in some cases, we may collect Personal Information from lead enhancement companies which help us to improve our service offering; iii) advertising and marketing partners in order to monitor, manage and measure our ad campaigns. Information we collect from other sources. We may receive Personal Information about you from third-party sources, such as i) security providers , fraud detection and prevention providers for example to help us screen out users associated with fraud, ii) social media platforms, when you log-in or sign-up using your social media account, we may receive Personal Information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile Personal Information) and in some cases, we may collect Personal Information from lead enhancement companies which help us to improve our service offering; iii) advertising and marketing partners in order to monitor, manage and measure our ad campaigns. To provide our Services, we collect Personal Information about our Users. The Personal Information comes from you when you visit or use our services, Personal Information we collect automatically, and Personal Information we collect from other sources. 2.2. Users of users ‘Personal Information’ We may also collect Personal Information pertaining to visitors and users of our User’s websites or services ( “Users-of-Users” Section ‎6 2.3. Wix jobs applicant information We also collect information that is provided to us by Wix jobs candidates (“ Applicants 3. Why do we collect such ‘Personal Information’ We use your Personal Information for the following purposes: To provide and operate the Services; .To further develop, customize, expand, and improve our Services, based on Users’ common or personal preferences, experiences and difficulties; . To provide our Users with ongoing customer assistance and technical support; To help us to update, expand and analyze our records to identify new customers; To facilitate, sponsor, and offer certain contests, events, and promotions, determine participants’ eligibility, monitor performance, contact winners, and grant prizes and benefits; To analyze our performance and marketing activities; To create aggregated statistical data and other aggregated and/or inferred information, which we or our business partners may use to provide and improve our respective services; To provide you with professional assistance. To enhance our data security and fraud prevention capabilities; and To comply with any applicable laws and regulations. We may use techniques like “machine learning” (European law refers to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (i) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (ii) use machine learning in ways that don’t have significant privacy implications (for example, reordering how applications might appear when you visit the Wix App Market). We may also use machine learning to help us monitor, identify, and suspend accounts sending spam, or engaging in other abusive or fraudulent activity. To comply with any applicable laws and regulations. We use your Personal Information for the purposes set out in Section 3 where: Our use of your Personal Information is necessary to perform a contract or to take steps to enter into a contract with you (e.g. to provide you with a website builder, to provide you with our customer assistance and technical support); Our use of your Personal Information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have; or Our use of your Personal Information is necessary to support legitimate interests and business purposes (for example, to maintain and improve our Services and the effectiveness of Wix by identifying technical issues), provided it is conducted in a way that is proportionate and that respects your privacy rights. We use the Personal Information we collect about you to provide our services and make them better and safer. ​ We also collect and use Personal Information in order to contact Users and to comply with the laws applicable to us. We use the Personal Information we collect about you to provide our services and make them better and safer. We also collect and use Personal Information in order to contact Users and to comply with the laws applicable to us. 4.How we share your Personal Information4. How we share your ‘Personal Information’We may share your Personal Information with service providers and others (or otherwise allow them access to it) in the following manners and instances:Third Party Service Providers: Wix has partnered with a number of selected service providers, whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own. These include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data and cyber security services, billing and payment processing services, domain name registrars, fraud detection and prevention services, web analytics, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording and remote access services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, content providers, and our legal and financial advisors (collectively, “Third Party Service Provider(s)”). ​ Wix may share the following categories of Personal Information with Third Party Service Providers for a business purpose: identifiers, including name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. commercial Personal Information, for example Personal Information regarding products or services purchased, obtained, or considered. 4.1. #ItsThatEasyWe may share the Personal Information of our Users and Users-of-Users with various third parties, including certain service providers and law enforcement officials. ​ The Personal Information may be shared solely in accordance with this policy.Law Enforcement, Legal Requests and Duties: Wix may disclose or otherwise allow access to any categories of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy pursuant to a legal request, such as a subpoena, legal proceedings, search warrant or court order, or in compliance with applicable laws, if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so, with or without notice to you.4.2. Protecting Rights and Safety: Wix may share any categories of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Wix, any of our Users, any Users-of-Users, or any member of the general public, with or without notice to you.4.3. Wix Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies: We may share your Personal Information internally within our family of companies, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may share your Personal Information with Wix.com Inc., our US-based subsidiary, in the course of facilitating and providing you (and your Users-of-Users) with our Services. Sharing Personal Information by Wix subsidiaries and affiliated companies in the European Union, the United Kingdom and Switzerland with Wix’s subsidiaries located outside these regions will only take place under an approved transfer mechanism, such as the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.4.4. In connection with a change in corporate control: In addition, should Wix or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all of its assets, your Personal Information may be shared with the parties involved in such event.4.5. Upon Your Further Direction: The Wix Services enable you, through different techniques, to engage and procure various third party services, products and tools for enhancing your web or mobile sites, including, without limitation, applications and widgets offered to you by third parties through the Wix Website (including the Wix App Market), eCommerce payment providers, third party designers who may assist you with your website, etc. (collectively, “Third Party Services”). If you choose to engage with such Third Party Services, they may have access to and process Personal Information of your Users-of-Users collected through your web or mobile sites. For example: a) Framed Pages: our Services may enable you to integrate Third Party Services directly into your web or mobile sites, such as via page framing techniques to serve content to or from Third Party Services or other parties (“Frames”). In these circumstances, the Third Party Services may collect Personal Information from your Users-of-Users. b) App Market Developers: We allow third party developers (“Third Party Developer(s)”) to develop and offer their own applications via the Wix App Market (“Third Party App(s)”) to Users, which you may integrate into your web or mobile sites. Each Third Party Developer is bound by the Wix App Market Partner Agreement, which among other things, restricts the ways in which such developers may access, store, share, and use the Personal Information you and/or your Users-of-Users provide to them. c) Social Media Features: Our Services may enable you to integrate certain Social Media features, widgets, and single sign on features, such as “Facebook Connect,” or “Google Sign-in” (“Social Media Features”) into your web or mobile sites. These Social Media Features may collect certain Personal Information from your Users-of-Users such as identifiers, including name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers. Social Media Features are hosted either by a third party or directly on our Services. Please note that in the examples listed above in this Section 4.6, Wix merely acts as an intermediary platform allowing you to procure the services of such Third Party Services (including, but not limited to, Third Party Developers, Third Party Apps and Social Media Features) with which you are interacting directly, and at your discretion. In this respect, Wix acts as a service provider to you, disclosing information to the Third Party Services on your behalf. Wix will share your Users-of-Users’ Personal Information with Third Parties Services only upon your direction or with your permission and is not, and shall not be, in any way responsible for such Third Party Services processing of such Personal Information, or liable with respect thereto. Wix does not control and is not responsible for the actions or policies of any Third Party Service, and your use of any Third Party Service is at your own risk. We encourage you to review any privacy policy accompanying a Third Party Service and ask such Third Party Service for any clarifications you may need before deciding to install and/or use their services.4.6. 4.How we share your Personal Information 4. How we share your ‘Personal Information’ We may share your Personal Information with service providers and others (or otherwise allow them access to it) in the following manners and instances: Third Party Service Providers: Wix has partnered with a number of selected service providers, whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own. These include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data and cyber security services, billing and payment processing services, domain name registrars, fraud detection and prevention services, web analytics, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording and remote access services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, content providers, and our legal and financial advisors (collectively, “Third Party Service Provider(s)”). ​ Wix may share the following categories of Personal Information with Third Party Service Providers for a business purpose: identifiers, including name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. commercial Personal Information, for example Personal Information regarding products or services purchased, obtained, or considered. 4.1. Third Party Service Providers: Wix has partnered with a number of selected service providers, whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own. These include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data and cyber security services, billing and payment processing services, domain name registrars, fraud detection and prevention services, web analytics, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording and remote access services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, content providers, and our legal and financial advisors (collectively, “Third Party Service Provider(s)”). ​ Wix may share the following categories of Personal Information with Third Party Service Providers for a business purpose: identifiers, including name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. commercial Personal Information, for example Personal Information regarding products or services purchased, obtained, or considered. Third Party Service Providers: Wix has partnered with a number of selected service providers, whose services and solutions complement, facilitate and enhance our own. These include hosting and server co-location services, communications and content delivery networks (CDNs), data and cyber security services, billing and payment processing services, domain name registrars, fraud detection and prevention services, web analytics, e-mail distribution and monitoring services, session recording and remote access services, performance measurement, data optimization and marketing services, content providers, and our legal and financial advisors (collectively, “Third Party Service Provider(s)”). Third Party Service Providers: “Third Party Service Provider(s)”). Wix may share the following categories of Personal Information with Third Party Service Providers for a business purpose: identifiers, including name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. commercial Personal Information, for example Personal Information regarding products or services purchased, obtained, or considered. 4.1. We may share the Personal Information of our Users and Users-of-Users with various third parties, including certain service providers and law enforcement officials. ​ The Personal Information may be shared solely in accordance with this policy. We may share the Personal Information of our Users and Users-of-Users with various third parties, including certain service providers and law enforcement officials. The Personal Information may be shared solely in accordance with this policy. Law Enforcement, Legal Requests and Duties: Wix may disclose or otherwise allow access to any categories of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy pursuant to a legal request, such as a subpoena, legal proceedings, search warrant or court order, or in compliance with applicable laws, if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so, with or without notice to you.4.2. Law Enforcement, Legal Requests and Duties: Wix may disclose or otherwise allow access to any categories of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy pursuant to a legal request, such as a subpoena, legal proceedings, search warrant or court order, or in compliance with applicable laws, if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so, with or without notice to you. Law Enforcement, Legal Requests and Duties: Wix may disclose or otherwise allow access to any categories of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy pursuant to a legal request, such as a subpoena, legal proceedings, search warrant or court order, or in compliance with applicable laws, if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so, with or without notice to you. 4.2. Protecting Rights and Safety: Wix may share any categories of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Wix, any of our Users, any Users-of-Users, or any member of the general public, with or without notice to you.4.3. Protecting Rights and Safety: Wix may share any categories of your Personal Information described in this Privacy Policy if we believe in good faith that this will help protect the rights, property or personal safety of Wix, any of our Users, any Users-of-Users, or any member of the general public, with or without notice to you. Protecting Rights and Safety: 4.3. Wix Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies: We may share your Personal Information internally within our family of companies, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may share your Personal Information with Wix.com Inc., our US-based subsidiary, in the course of facilitating and providing you (and your Users-of-Users) with our Services. Sharing Personal Information by Wix subsidiaries and affiliated companies in the European Union, the United Kingdom and Switzerland with Wix’s subsidiaries located outside these regions will only take place under an approved transfer mechanism, such as the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses.4.4. Wix Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies: We may share your Personal Information internally within our family of companies, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may share your Personal Information with Wix.com Inc., our US-based subsidiary, in the course of facilitating and providing you (and your Users-of-Users) with our Services. Sharing Personal Information by Wix subsidiaries and affiliated companies in the European Union, the United Kingdom and Switzerland with Wix’s subsidiaries located outside these regions will only take place under an approved transfer mechanism, such as the relevant Standard Contractual Clauses. Wix Subsidiaries and Affiliated Companies: 4.4. In connection with a change in corporate control: In addition, should Wix or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all of its assets, your Personal Information may be shared with the parties involved in such event. In connection with a change in corporate control: In addition, should Wix or any of its affiliates undergo any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of substantially all of its assets, your Personal Information may be shared with the parties involved in such event. 4.5. Upon Your Further Direction: The Wix Services enable you, through different techniques, to engage and procure various third party services, products and tools for enhancing your web or mobile sites, including, without limitation, applications and widgets offered to you by third parties through the Wix Website (including the Wix App Market), eCommerce payment providers, third party designers who may assist you with your website, etc. (collectively, “Third Party Services”). If you choose to engage with such Third Party Services, they may have access to and process Personal Information of your Users-of-Users collected through your web or mobile sites. For example: a) Framed Pages: our Services may enable you to integrate Third Party Services directly into your web or mobile sites, such as via page framing techniques to serve content to or from Third Party Services or other parties (“Frames”). In these circumstances, the Third Party Services may collect Personal Information from your Users-of-Users. b) App Market Developers: We allow third party developers (“Third Party Developer(s)”) to develop and offer their own applications via the Wix App Market (“Third Party App(s)”) to Users, which you may integrate into your web or mobile sites. Each Third Party Developer is bound by the Wix App Market Partner Agreement, which among other things, restricts the ways in which such developers may access, store, share, and use the Personal Information you and/or your Users-of-Users provide to them. c) Social Media Features: Our Services may enable you to integrate certain Social Media features, widgets, and single sign on features, such as “Facebook Connect,” or “Google Sign-in” (“Social Media Features”) into your web or mobile sites. These Social Media Features may collect certain Personal Information from your Users-of-Users such as identifiers, including name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers. Social Media Features are hosted either by a third party or directly on our Services. Please note that in the examples listed above in this Section 4.6, Wix merely acts as an intermediary platform allowing you to procure the services of such Third Party Services (including, but not limited to, Third Party Developers, Third Party Apps and Social Media Features) with which you are interacting directly, and at your discretion. In this respect, Wix acts as a service provider to you, disclosing information to the Third Party Services on your behalf. Wix will share your Users-of-Users’ Personal Information with Third Parties Services only upon your direction or with your permission and is not, and shall not be, in any way responsible for such Third Party Services processing of such Personal Information, or liable with respect thereto. Wix does not control and is not responsible for the actions or policies of any Third Party Service, and your use of any Third Party Service is at your own risk. We encourage you to review any privacy policy accompanying a Third Party Service and ask such Third Party Service for any clarifications you may need before deciding to install and/or use their services.4.6. Upon Your Further Direction: The Wix Services enable you, through different techniques, to engage and procure various third party services, products and tools for enhancing your web or mobile sites, including, without limitation, applications and widgets offered to you by third parties through the Wix Website (including the Wix App Market), eCommerce payment providers, third party designers who may assist you with your website, etc. (collectively, “Third Party Services”). If you choose to engage with such Third Party Services, they may have access to and process Personal Information of your Users-of-Users collected through your web or mobile sites. For example: a) Framed Pages: our Services may enable you to integrate Third Party Services directly into your web or mobile sites, such as via page framing techniques to serve content to or from Third Party Services or other parties (“Frames”). In these circumstances, the Third Party Services may collect Personal Information from your Users-of-Users. b) App Market Developers: We allow third party developers (“Third Party Developer(s)”) to develop and offer their own applications via the Wix App Market (“Third Party App(s)”) to Users, which you may integrate into your web or mobile sites. Each Third Party Developer is bound by the Wix App Market Partner Agreement, which among other things, restricts the ways in which such developers may access, store, share, and use the Personal Information you and/or your Users-of-Users provide to them. c) Social Media Features: Our Services may enable you to integrate certain Social Media features, widgets, and single sign on features, such as “Facebook Connect,” or “Google Sign-in” (“Social Media Features”) into your web or mobile sites. These Social Media Features may collect certain Personal Information from your Users-of-Users such as identifiers, including name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers. Social Media Features are hosted either by a third party or directly on our Services. Please note that in the examples listed above in this Section 4.6, Wix merely acts as an intermediary platform allowing you to procure the services of such Third Party Services (including, but not limited to, Third Party Developers, Third Party Apps and Social Media Features) with which you are interacting directly, and at your discretion. In this respect, Wix acts as a service provider to you, disclosing information to the Third Party Services on your behalf. Wix will share your Users-of-Users’ Personal Information with Third Parties Services only upon your direction or with your permission and is not, and shall not be, in any way responsible for such Third Party Services processing of such Personal Information, or liable with respect thereto. Wix does not control and is not responsible for the actions or policies of any Third Party Service, and your use of any Third Party Service is at your own risk. We encourage you to review any privacy policy accompanying a Third Party Service and ask such Third Party Service for any clarifications you may need before deciding to install and/or use their services. Upon Your Further Direction: The Wix Services enable you, through different techniques, to engage and procure various third party services, products and tools for enhancing your web or mobile sites, including, without limitation, applications and widgets offered to you by third parties through the Wix Website (including the Wix App Market), eCommerce payment providers, third party designers who may assist you with your website, etc. (collectively, “Third Party Services”). If you choose to engage with such Third Party Services, they may have access to and process Personal Information of your Users-of-Users collected through your web or mobile sites. For example: Upon Your Further Direction: a) Framed Pages: our Services may enable you to integrate Third Party Services directly into your web or mobile sites, such as via page framing techniques to serve content to or from Third Party Services or other parties (“Frames”). In these circumstances, the Third Party Services may collect Personal Information from your Users-of-Users. Frames b) App Market Developers: We allow third party developers (“Third Party Developer(s)”) to develop and offer their own applications via the Wix App Market (“Third Party App(s)”) to Users, which you may integrate into your web or mobile sites. Each Third Party Developer is bound by the Wix App Market Partner Agreement, which among other things, restricts the ways in which such developers may access, store, share, and use the Personal Information you and/or your Users-of-Users provide to them. b) App Market Developers: “Third Party Developer(s) “Third Party App(s)” c) Social Media Features: Our Services may enable you to integrate certain Social Media features, widgets, and single sign on features, such as “Facebook Connect,” or “Google Sign-in” (“Social Media Features”) into your web or mobile sites. These Social Media Features may collect certain Personal Information from your Users-of-Users such as identifiers, including name, alias, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers. Social Media Features are hosted either by a third party or directly on our Services. c) Social Media Features: “Social Media Features” Please note that in the examples listed above in this Section 4.6, Wix merely acts as an intermediary platform allowing you to procure the services of such Third Party Services (including, but not limited to, Third Party Developers, Third Party Apps and Social Media Features) with which you are interacting directly, and at your discretion. In this respect, Wix acts as a service provider to you, disclosing information to the Third Party Services on your behalf. Wix will share your Users-of-Users’ Personal Information with Third Parties Services only upon your direction or with your permission and is not, and shall not be, in any way responsible for such Third Party Services processing of such Personal Information, or liable with respect thereto. Wix does not control and is not responsible for the actions or policies of any Third Party Service, and your use of any Third Party Service is at your own risk. We encourage you to review any privacy policy accompanying a Third Party Service and ask such Third Party Service for any clarifications you may need before deciding to install and/or use their services. 4.6. 5. Where do we store your information? 5. Where do we Store/Process your ‘Personal Information’? Wix processes data about individuals across the world and may transfer your Personal Information outside of your country. Your security, privacy and confidentiality are our top priority and that's why Wix conducts a vetting process that includes an assessment of the privacy laws in those countries to validate they have strong data protection laws. 5.1. 5.2. 5.3. We may store and process Personal Information in the USA, Europe, Israel, or other jurisdictions, whether by ourselves or with the help of our affiliates and service providers. Wix’s data storage providers are contractually committed to protect and secure your data. Among other things, Wix will ensure that there is the adequate level of protection or that relevant Standard Contractual Clauses are in place for the international transfer of our EU users’ data. When Wix transfers E.U. Personal Information to a third country that the European Commission did not find will adequately protect your information, Wix ensures that it has taken additional measures to comply with the European data protection laws. Data Privacy Framework: Wix and its covered entities DeviantArt, Inc., InkFrog, Inc, Modalyst, Inc and SpeedTab, Inc, complies with Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) that embeds the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce, European Commission, UK Government, and Swiss Federal Administration regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union, the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), and Switzerland to the United States. Wix has certified to the U.S. International Trade Administration (ITA), within the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Data Privacy Framework Principles, the Data Privacy Framework Principles shall govern. Wix’s commitment to subject the personal information described in this Policy to the Data Privacy Framework is subject to the enforcement and investigative powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission. Wix may share personal information with third parties under certain circumstances described in this Policy, subject to obligations under the Data Privacy Framework Principles extend to third parties acting as agents who help us run our business and provide services, and Wix remains liable should a third party acting as our agent process personal information subject to this Policy in a manner inconsistent with this Policy, except where Wix is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. If you have such an unresolved complaint, under the recourse mechanism you may contact the applicable EU Data Protection Authorities (free of charge). Wix commits to cooperate with the DPAs and comply with the advice given by such authorities. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, you may - under certain conditions described on the Data Privacy Framework website - invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. For more information on this option, please see Annex I of the Data Privacy Framework Principles. 5.4 6. Users-of-Users 6. Users-of-users’ ‘Personal Information’ Wix may collect, store and process certain Personal Information of Users-of-Users (“Users-of-Users Information”), solely on our Users’ behalf and at their direction. For example, each of our Users is able to import their email contacts from third-party services like Gmail, or otherwise collect and manage contacts via their User Website. Such contacts are then stored with Wix, on the User’s behalf. Wix may collect, store and process certain Personal Information of Users-of-Users ( “Users-of-Users Information” ), solely on our Users’ behalf and at their direction. For example, each of our Users is able to import their email contacts from third-party services like Gmail, or otherwise collect and manage contacts via their User Website. Such contacts are then stored with Wix, on the User’s behalf. For such purposes, Wix serves and shall be considered as a “Processor” and not as the “Controller” (as both such capitalized terms are defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)) of such Users-of-Users Information. The Users controlling and operating such User Websites shall be considered as the “Controllers” of such Users-of-Users Information, and are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations that may apply to the collection and control of such Users-of-Users Information, including all privacy and data protection laws of all relevant jurisdictions. You are responsible for the security, integrity and authorized usage of Personal Information about Users-of-Users’, and for obtaining consents, permissions and providing any required data subject rights and fair processing notices required for the collection and usage of such Personal Information. Wix cannot provide legal advice to Users or their Users-of-Users, however we do recommend that all Users publish and maintain clear and comprehensive privacy policies on their User Websites in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations, and that all Users-of-Users carefully read those policies and make sure that they understand and, to the extent required by applicable law, consent to them. If you are a visitor, user or customer of any of our Users, please read the following: Wix may collect and process Personal Information regarding the users of our users. We do this solely on our users’ behalf, and at their direction. Our users are solely responsible for their users-of-users information, including for its legality, security and integrity. Wix may collect and process Personal Information regarding the users of our users. We do this solely on our users’ behalf, and at their direction. Our users are solely responsible for their users-of-users information, including for its legality, security and integrity. Wix has no direct relationship with any of its users’ users. If you are a user-of-user, please contact the Wix site owner directly. 7. Wix Lobs Applications 7. Use of cookies and other third-party technologies We and our Third Party Service Providers use cookies and other similar technologies (“Cookies”) in order for us to provide our Service and ensure that it performs properly, to analyze our performance and marketing activities, and to personalize your experience. Please note that we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from a browser or mobile application, however, most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser. We and certain third party services may use cookies and similar tracking technologies throughout our services. These technologies are used mostly for stability, security, functionality, performance and advertising purposes. We and certain third party services may use cookies and similar tracking technologies throughout our services. These technologies are used mostly for stability, security, functionality, performance and advertising purposes. 8. Communications from Wix8. Communications from Wix8.1. Promotional messagesWe may use your Personal Information to send you promotional content and messages by e-mail, text messages, notifications within our platform, marketing calls and similar forms of communication from Wix or our partners (acting on Wix’s behalf) through such means. ​ If you do not wish to receive such promotional messages or calls, you may notify Wix at any time or follow the “unsubscribe” or STOP instructions contained in the promotional communications you receive.#ItsThatEasyWe may send you promotional messages and content. You can easily opt-out of receiving promotional messages by contacting us or unsubscribing.8.2. Service and billing messagesWix may also contact you with important information regarding our Services, or your use thereof. For example, we may send you a notice (through any of the means available to us) if a certain Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance; reply to your support ticket or e-mail; send you reminders or warnings regarding upcoming or late payments for your current or upcoming subscriptions; forward abuse complaints regarding your User Website; or notify you of material changes in our Services. ​ It is important that you are always able to receive such messages. For this reason, you are unable to opt-out of receiving such Service and Billing Messages unless you are no longer a Wix User (which can be done by deactivating your account).We may also contact you with service and billing-related messages and content. You will not be able to opt-out of receiving such messages. 8. Communications from Wix 8.1. Promotional messages We may use your Personal Information to send you promotional content and messages by e-mail, text messages, notifications within our platform, marketing calls and similar forms of communication from Wix or our partners (acting on Wix’s behalf) through such means. ​ If you do not wish to receive such promotional messages or calls, you may notify Wix at any time or follow the “unsubscribe” or STOP instructions contained in the promotional communications you receive. We may use your Personal Information to send you promotional content and messages by e-mail, text messages, notifications within our platform, marketing calls and similar forms of communication from Wix or our partners (acting on Wix’s behalf) through such means. If you do not wish to receive such promotional messages or calls, you may notify Wix at any time or follow the “unsubscribe” or STOP instructions contained in the promotional communications you receive. We may send you promotional messages and content. You can easily opt-out of receiving promotional messages by contacting us or unsubscribing. 8.2. Service and billing messages Wix may also contact you with important information regarding our Services, or your use thereof. For example, we may send you a notice (through any of the means available to us) if a certain Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance; reply to your support ticket or e-mail; send you reminders or warnings regarding upcoming or late payments for your current or upcoming subscriptions; forward abuse complaints regarding your User Website; or notify you of material changes in our Services. ​ It is important that you are always able to receive such messages. For this reason, you are unable to opt-out of receiving such Service and Billing Messages unless you are no longer a Wix User (which can be done by deactivating your account). Wix may also contact you with important information regarding our Services, or your use thereof. For example, we may send you a notice (through any of the means available to us) if a certain Service is temporarily suspended for maintenance; reply to your support ticket or e-mail; send you reminders or warnings regarding upcoming or late payments for your current or upcoming subscriptions; forward abuse complaints regarding your User Website; or notify you of material changes in our Services. It is important that you are always able to receive such messages. For this reason, you are unable to opt-out of receiving such Service and Billing Messages unless you are no longer a Wix User (which can be done by deactivating your account). We may also contact you with service and billing-related messages and content. You will not be able to opt-out of receiving such messages. 9. Use of cookies 9. Your rights in relation to your ‘Personal Information’ Before fulfilling your request, we may ask you for additional information in order to confirm your identity and for security purposes. We reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law (e.g. if your request is unfounded or excessive). You have the right to file a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection (but we still recommend that you contact us first). Please note that permanently deleting your Wix account erases all of your Personal Information from Wix's databases. After completing this process, you can no longer use any of your Wix Services, your account and all its data will be removed permanently, and Wix will not be able to restore your account or retrieve your data in the future. If you contact our support channels in the future, the system will not recognize your account and support agents will not be able to locate the deleted account. When it comes to your Personal Information you stored with us, you have the right to: access, receive a copy of, update, amend or delete your Personal Information​, enjoy data portability (in certain cases) restrict, or object to certain uses of your Personal Information, withdraw consent you’ve given us before to processing. Just reach out to us by e-mail, mail or through our customer care team, or, when available, fill out our dedicated form. You may also correct and/or update your Personal Information through your user account, if you have one. You can also delete your Personal Information by deleting your entire account. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. When it comes to your Personal Information you stored with us, you have the right to: access, receive a copy of, update, amend or delete your Personal Information​, enjoy data portability (in certain cases) restrict, or object to certain uses of your Personal Information, withdraw consent you’ve given us before to processing. When it comes to your Personal Information you stored with us, you have the right to: Just reach out to us by e-mail, mail or through our customer care team, or, when available, fill out our dedicated form. You may also correct and/or update your Personal Information through your user account, if you have one. You can also delete your Personal Information by deleting your entire account. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. 10. Communication 10. Additional Information for California residents If you are a California resident using the Services, the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") grants you the right to request access to and deletion of the Personal Information Wix collects about you, as well as to request that we disclose how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information. CCPA California residents also have a right to opt-out of the sale of their Personal Information by a business and a right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of their rights under the CCPA. No sale of Personal Information. Wix does NOT sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA) your Personal Information or your customers’ (Users-of-Users) Personal Information to third parties, and Wix has not sold Personal Information in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy. No sale of Personal Information NOT No Discrimination. Wix does not discriminate against any User for exercising their rights under the CCPA. No Discrimination. California consumers can exercise their CCPA rights directly or through an authorized agent by signing in to their registered Wix account at Wix.com and following the instructions outlined below. Please note: in order to protect Users’ accounts and Personal Information and safeguard Users’ privacy rights, we verify Users’ deletion and access requests, and to that extent, we may ask you for additional information or documentation (depending on the case), such as account related information, and, in some cases, billing information used to purchase paid Services, and a copy of documents that can assist with verifying your identity. Such identification documentation (if requested) will be used only for verification purposes and we will delete it after your request is processed. The following instructions apply to Personal Information we may collect from California residents on or through our Services. Right to Know: Right to Deletion: , Once we receive and verify your consumer request, we will delete your personal information from our records unless an exception applies. We will make reasonable efforts to honor your request promptly and consistent with requirements under applicable law. Please note that permanently deleting your Wix account erases all of your Personal Information from Wix's databases. After completing this process, you can no longer use any of your Wix Services, your account, and all its data will be removed permanently, and Wix will not be able to restore your account or retrieve your data in the future. Additionally, if you contact our support channels in the future, the system will not recognize your account, and support agents will not be able to locate the deleted account. requesting a callback The rights described in this section may also apply to other U.S. States' residents, according to applicable laws and regulations. California residents have a few options to submit requests to exercise their rights. Please refer to this Section 10 for more detail on how you or your authorized agent may submit different types of requests. Wix does NOT sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA) your Personal Information or your customers’ Personal Information (Users-of-Users) to third parties. California residents have a few options to submit requests to exercise their rights. Please refer to this Section 10 for more detail on how you or your authorized agent may submit different types of requests. Wix does NOT sell (as such term is defined in the CCPA) your Personal Information or your customers’ Personal Information (Users-of-Users) to third parties. 11. Accessing 11. Questions and complaints If you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use or disclosure of Personal Information, or if you believe that we have not complied with this Privacy Policy or applicable data protection laws, please contact us – our details are set out at the end of this Privacy Policy. ​ Our Data Protection Officer team will investigate the complaint and determine whether a breach has occurred and what action, if any, to take. We take every privacy complaint seriously and will make all reasonable efforts to resolve your complaint promptly and in accordance with applicable law. ​ You can file a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection at any time, however we recommend that you contact us first so we can try to resolve it. If you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use or disclosure of Personal Information, or if you believe that we have not complied with this Privacy Policy or applicable data protection laws, please contact us – our details are set out at the end of this Privacy Policy. Our Data Protection Officer team will investigate the complaint and determine whether a breach has occurred and what action, if any, to take. We take every privacy complaint seriously and will make all reasonable efforts to resolve your complaint promptly and in accordance with applicable law. You can file a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection at any time, however we recommend that you contact us first so we can try to resolve it. You can file a complaint with your local supervisory authority for data protection at any time. Please contact us first so we can try to resolve your concerns. 12. Questions and Complaints 12. Data retention We may retain your Personal Information (as well as your Users-of-Users’ Personal Information) for as long as your User Account is active, as indicated in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise needed to provide you with our Services. ​ We may continue to retain your Personal Information after you deactivate your User Account and/or cease to use any particular Services, as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes regarding our Users or their Users-of-Users, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our agreements and/or protect our legitimate interests. ​ To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of such data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of such data, the purposes for which we process it, and the applicable legal requirements. We may retain your Personal Information (as well as your Users-of-Users’ Personal Information) for as long as your User Account is active, as indicated in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise needed to provide you with our Services. We may continue to retain your Personal Information after you deactivate your User Account and/or cease to use any particular Services, as reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes regarding our Users or their Users-of-Users, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce our agreements and/or protect our legitimate interests. To determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of such data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of such data, the purposes for which we process it, and the applicable legal requirements. We may keep your Personal Information for as long as your account is active, and longer as needed (for example, if we are legally obligated to keep it longer, or need it to protect our interests). 13. Data Retention 13. Security Wix has implemented security measures designed to protect the Personal Information you share with us, including physical, electronic and procedural measures. Among other things, we offer HTTPS secure access to most areas on our Services; the transmission of sensitive payment information (such as a credit card number) through our designated purchase forms is protected by an industry standard SSL/TLS encrypted connection; and we regularly maintain a PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards) certification. We also regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and regularly seek new ways and Third Party Services for further enhancing the security of our Services and protection of our Visitors’ and Users’ privacy. Regardless of the measures and efforts taken by Wix, we cannot and do not guarantee the absolute protection and security of your Personal Information, your Users-of-Users’ Personal Information or any other information you upload, publish or otherwise share with Wix or anyone else. We encourage you to set strong passwords for your User Account and User Website, and avoid providing us or anyone with any sensitive Personal Information of which you believe its disclosure could cause you substantial or irreparable harm. Furthermore, because certain areas on our Services are less secure than others (for example, if you set your Support forum ticket to be “Public” instead of “Private”, or if you browse to a non-SSL page), and since e-mail and instant messaging are not recognized as secure forms of communications, we request and encourage you not to share any Personal Information on any of these areas or via any of these methods. Wix values the security of our customers' Personal Information and we do everything in our power to protect it. However, as we can’t guarantee absolute protection – we encourage you to be careful, set a strong password for your account, and avoid submitting any sensitive information which, if exposed, could cause you major harm. Wix values the security of our customers' Personal Information and we do everything in our power to protect it. However, as we can’t guarantee absolute protection – we encourage you to be careful, set a strong password for your account, and avoid submitting any sensitive information which, if exposed, could cause you major harm. 14. Security 14. Third-party websites Our Services may contain links to other websites or services. We are not responsible for such websites’ or services’ privacy practices. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Services and to read the privacy statements of each and every website and service you visit before providing your Personal Information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such linked third party websites and services. Our Services may contain links to other websites or services. 15. Public forums and user content 15. Wix jobs applications We welcome all qualified job seekers to apply to any of our open positions, by sending us their contact details and CV. We will use such Personal Information solely for our internal recruitment, employment and business purposes. We welcome all qualified job seekers to apply to any of our open positions, by sending us their contact details and CV. We will use such Personal Information solely for our internal recruitment, employment and business purposes. 16. Updates and interpretation 16. Public forums and user content In any event, we advise against posting any Personal Information (via any means) you don’t wish to publicize. If you upload any user content to your User Account or post it on your User Website and provide it in any other way as part of the use of any Service, you do so at your own risk. We have put adequate security measures in place to protect your Personal Information. However, we cannot control the actions of other Users or members of the public who may access your User Content, and are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures you or we may have placed on your User Website (including, for instance, password-protected areas on your User Website). You understand and acknowledge that, even after its removal by you or us, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if any third parties (including any of your Users-of-Users) have copied or stored such User Content. To clarify, we advise against uploading or posting any information you do not wish to be public. We have put adequate security measures in place to protect your Personal Information. However, we cannot control the actions of other Users or members of the public who may access your User Content, and are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures you or we may have placed on your User Website (including, for instance, password-protected areas on your User Website). You understand and acknowledge that, even after its removal by you or us, copies of User Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if any third parties (including any of your Users-of-Users) have copied or stored such User Content. To clarify, we advise against uploading or posting any information you do not wish to be public. Avoid posting any Personal Information to any of the public areas on our Services, or to your own website, if you don’t want it to become publicly available. 17. Contacting us 17. Updates and interpretation Any heading, caption or section title contained herein, and any explanation or summary under the right “#ItsThatEasy” column, is provided only for convenience, and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof, or legally binds any of us in any way. This Privacy Policy was written in English, and may be translated into other languages for your convenience. You may access and view other language versions by changing your Wix Website language settings. If a translated (non-English) version of this Privacy Policy conflicts in any way with its English version, the provisions of the English version shall prevail. We may change this policy at any time. We will notify you of changes as required by applicable law. ​ Only the left column is legally binding (this column is just for clarity). ​ Translated (non-English) versions of these terms are provided for convenience only. We may change this policy at any time. We will notify you of changes as required by applicable law. Only the left column is legally binding (this column is just for clarity). Translated (non-English) versions of these terms are provided for convenience only. 18. Contacting us You may also contact us by mail at: 40 Namal Tel Aviv St., Tel Aviv, Israel; or 500 Terry A. Francois Boulevard, 6th Floor, San Francisco, CA, 94158. For the purposes of GDPR (Article 27), you may contact our EU representative at Wix Online Platforms Limited, 1 Grant’s Row, Dublin 2 D02HX96, Ireland. For the purposes of UK GDPR (Article 27), you may contact our UK representative at Wix.Com (UK) Limited, Tower Bridge House, St Katharine's Way, London E1W 1DD, United Kingdom. bottom of page Product Solutions Learn Support Company The Wix website builder offers a complete solution from enterprise-grade infrastructure and business features to advanced SEO and marketing tools–enabling anyone to create and grow online. © 2006-2023 Wix.com, Inc