24 Hour Locksmiths Licensed and Insured undefinedclose undefined Privacy Policy We're committed to protecting your privacy We're committed to protecting your privacy Effective Date: December 31, 2019 This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of KeyMe, LLC ("KeyMe", "we", "our" or "us") in connection with consumer’s use of our mobile application (the "Application"), key duplication kiosks (the "Kiosks"), on www.key.me (the "Site") and the services, features, content or applications we offer (collectively with the Application, the Kiosks, and the Site, the "Services"). We may maintain pages for Key.me on social media platforms, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, Google, YouTube, Instagram, and other third party platforms. When you visit or interact with our pages on those platforms, the platform provider’s privacy policy will apply to your interactions and their collection, use and processing of your personal information. You or the platforms may provide us with information through the platform, and we will treat such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may receive personal information about you from third-party sources. For example, a business partner may share your contact information with us if you have expressed interest in learning specifically about our products or services, or the types of products or services we offer. We may obtain your personal information from other third parties, such as marketing partners, publicly-available sources and data providers. We, our service providers, and other third parties may automatically receive and record information about you, your computer or mobile device, and activity occurring on or through the Site or Application. Our service providers and third parties may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites and mobile applications. This information may include: We use personal information for the following purposes and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection: We do not share your personal information with third parties without your consent, except in the following circumstances or as described in this Privacy Policy: We employ a number of safeguards designed to protect the information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies, and we cannot guarantee the security of any information we collect or maintain. In addition, your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit our, or our partners’, ability to engage in ad tracking or targeted advertising using the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising associated with your mobile device. If you choose to opt out of targeted advertisements, you will still see advertisements online but they may not be relevant to you. The Services may contain links to other websites, mobile applications, and other online services operated by third parties. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. In addition, our content may be included on web pages or in mobile applications or online services that are not associated with us. We do not control third party websites, mobile applications or online services, and we are not responsible for their actions. Other websites, mobile applications and services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites, mobile applications and online services you use. We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Services or sending you an email.Except where otherwise required by applicable law, any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting the new terms and/or upon implementation of the new changes on the Services (or as otherwise indicated at the time of posting). In all cases, your continued use of the Services after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy. When you visit the careers portion of our website, we collect the information that you provide to us in connection with your job application. This includes business and personal contact information, professional credentials and skills, educational and work history, and other information of the type that may be included in a resume. This may also include diversity information that you voluntarily provide. We use this information to facilitate our recruitment activities and process employment applications, such as by evaluating a job candidate for an employment activity, and monitoring recruitment statistics. We may also use this information to communicate with you, and as otherwise necessary for compliance, fraud prevention, and safety purposes, as further explained in the “How Do We Use Personal Information?” section below. If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy using the Services, please send us a detailed message to support@key.me. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. We are required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) to provide to California residents an explanation of how we collect, use and share their personal information, and of the rights and choices we offer California residents regarding our handling of the personal information. Here is a summary of how we currently collect, use and share personal information, and how we have collected used and shared the information in the preceding 12 months. Personal information we collect Sources of personal information Purposes for which we may collect and use personal information Categories of third parties to which we disclose personal information Contact information, Payment information Identifiers Commercial information Financial Information You Service delivery Marketing Compliance & Operations Service providers With partners, at your direction Fingerscan minutiae Biometric Information Usage information Information about your device’s hardware and software Unique identifiers associated with your device IP address Demographic information General location information, such as city, state, or geographic area Inferences drawn from device data and online activity data Please note that we may also disclose personal information to comply with law, and for compliance, fraud prevention, and safety purposes; in the event of business transfers; and to our professional advisors, as further described above in the “How Do We Share Personal Information?” section. The CCPA grants California residents the following rights. Please note that the CCPA limits these rights by, for example, prohibiting us from providing certain sensitive information in response to an access request and limiting the circumstances in which we must comply with a deletion request. If we deny your request, we will communicate our decision to you. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. How to make a request. To request access to or deletion of personal information: Identity verification. CCPA requires us to verify the identity of the individual submitting the request before providing a substantive response to the request. Authorized agents. California residents can empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on their behalf. We will require the authorized agent to have a written authorization confirming that authority. Join our list & receive special promotions plus other offers.chevron_right chevron_right 2023 KeyMe, LLC All rights reserved Call Now