HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION: THE PARADOX INTERACTIVE PRIVACY POLICY With this privacy policy (the “Policy”), we want to let you know how we at Paradox Interactive, established in Sweden, with the address Magnus Ladulåsgatan 4, 118 66 Stockholm with corporate company number 556667-4759 (herein "Paradox Interactive", "we" or "us") promise to take care of the personal information we collect from you. This includes the information you provide us with (for example, when opening a Paradox Account or subscribing to our newsletter), what we learn when having you on our site and when you are playing our games. This Policy explains which personal information we collect from you and for what reasons, how we use, store transfer such data but also how you can contact us to ask about your data and invoke your rights. We only collect, use, store and transfer ("process") your personal information in accordance with applicable data protection legislation, including but not limited to the (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) ("GDPR") and applicable national data protection legislation (hereafter "applicable law"). Depending on whether you are a website visitor, customer and/or a user of our Services, we will process personal information such as your contact details (email address, telephone number and postal address), your username, password(s) and payment details. We will also collect and use information about your technical equipment such as your hardware and software type and location data (to determine which age-rating to display as well which customer rights apply), and other information you provide us with, for example when you sign up for our surveys and contests. For more information about the personal information we collect, use and otherwise process, please see section 6 below. We will use your personal information for different purposes. We will for example use the data to provide you with the Service you have requested, to improve our games and other Services, to predict user trends, to make recommendations based on your usage, to process payments and customize our Services to you. For more information about how we use your data, please see section 7 below. We will engage other companies in order to fulfil our purposes and obligations as set out in this policy, and we will transfer your personal information to countries outside the EU and EEA that may not have as strict privacy legislation as where you live. We will only transfer your personal information to such countries if we are allowed to do so, please see section 8 for more information. When we collect personal information about you, you are entitled to the following rights under applicable law: We promise to keep your data safe and to not to sell your data to third parties. We promise to give you the right to access and delete your data, and to provide you with ways to manage and review your marketing choices as well as any other information (such as for example newsletters) you get from us. Please see sections 14 - 22 for more information. Personal information can be any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. In other words, it can be any information that could allow us to identify you both directly and indirectly (like for example your name, email address, IP address, or your billing address). In this Policy, we will use the word “data” to refer to personal information. We will only use and process data about you if we have one of the following reason to do so: We will collect data about you when you use our Services, including in the following situations: We use data that you have explicitly provided to us in different situations. We also use personal information that is generated by your device or when you use our Services. These categories are further explained below. Data that you explicitly provide us with: The above information may be provided to us when you open a Paradox Account, or when you subscribe to our press releases or newsletters. In addition to the above, and when purchasing a game or enrolling in an event, you may have to provide us with the following data: Finally, any other data you actively provide us with when: Data we collect when you use our Services or games: We will always ask for your consent to give us details on your location data. You have a right to withdraw your consent at any time as described under section 20 below. We may also receive information from third parties (such as game distributors) to add to the information we receive from you. This is used to help us deliver relevant advertising to you, to prevent fraud and/or abuse, and to collect your geolocation for taxation purposes. If you own any of our games on a game platform and have posted reviews about the game on such game platform, we may also collect such reviews, including your game platform ID, and add it to the information we receive from you or already have. This is done to better analyze who is our customer and what you as a customer want from our games. We process your data for the following purposes: We will not use your data for any other purpose than the purpose for which the data is originally collected. Special information about marketing: We use your data to inform you about relevant products and offers, e.g. provide you with targeted marketing. The data we collect in such cases contain information that you wilfully provide us with, the data we collect when you use our Services or from third parties we work with. We analyse this data to form a view on what we think you might want or need or what may be of interest to you. You can at any time object to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, including any profiling for such purposes, and we will then stop using your personal information for such purposes. Please see section 22 for our contact details. To be able to provide you with the Services and the best possible experience, we will share your data with other companies and organisations. We will only do so if our partners can provide the same level of security to keep your data safe as implemented by us and if our partners can ensure that they comply with applicable laws and privacy regulations. We may share your information with the following partners: We use cookies (sadly not the edible ones) and so-called pixel tags to collect information about visitors on our websites. Pixel tags are invisible tags placed on certain pages of our websites, but unlike cookies, not saved on your computer. A pixel tag triggers a cookie when you visit a website. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from the website to your web browser and may be stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow us to recognize your computer while you are on the website and help customize your online experience and make it more convenient for you. Cookies are also useful in allowing more efficient log-in for users, tracking transaction histories, and preserving information between sessions. The information collected from cookies may also be used to improve the functionality of the website and to measure traffic patterns. Example of improved experience: If you visit our forum, you will not be asked for your password every time you visit, but rather every now and then, or when you clear your cookies manually. There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date. You are entitled to choose whether or not you would like to use cookies. If you do not approve to the use of cookies, please be sure to opt out, as in block or disable them using your browser settings as described below or the opt-out link provided to you on your first visit to the website. Paradox will use the following cookies on our websites, for the following purposes: a) Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the website to function. They are usually set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the website might then not work. These cookies do not store any Personal Information; b) Performance Cookies: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources in order to measure and improve the performance of the website. These cookies help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and how visitors move around the website. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, as explained hereunder. If you do so, we will not know when you have visited our website, and will not be able to monitor its performance; c) Functionality Cookies: These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services have been added to the website. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly; d) Targeting Cookies: Advertisers and/or other content providers that may appear on our website may also use cookies that are not sent by us. Such advertisements or content may use cookies to help track and target the interests of users of the website in order to present customized and personalized advertisements or other messages that the user might find interesting. These cookies uniquely identify your browser and Internet device. Such cookies may even impact your experience of other websites you may visit subsequently. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Paradox is not responsible for any of our advertisers' or content providers' cookies and we will always require your active consent for our own targeting cookies. Please note that most web browser applications (such as Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox and Google Chrome) have features that can notify you when you receive a cookie or prevent cookies from being sent. In Microsoft Edge, you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector. In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies by clicking "Tools", "Options" and "Privacy". In Google Chrome, you can also adjust your cookies by clicking on "Settings", "Show advanced settings", "Content settings" and on the "Privacy" section. If you disable cookies, however, you may not be able to use certain personalized functions of the website. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to help guard your data in compliance with applicable privacy regulations. If transactions are offered on the Services, transaction information is transmitted to and from the Service in encrypted form using industry-standard Transport Layer Security (TLS used to be known as SSL) connections to help protect such information from interception. We strictly restrict authorized access to your data only to those persons who have a legitimate purpose to access it. We also have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the data we process. We encourage you to be careful when sharing your data with other users when you use our Services like forums or chats. Paradox will NEVER ask for your password to be sent separately or in clear text. Anyone doing so is probably trying to steal your stuff. We may need to collect data to be able to fulfil our legal obligations or fulfil the terms of a contract we have with you or to be able to even present you with the Services. If you choose not to give us this data, it may prevent us from meeting our obligations. It may also mean that we cannot perform the Services needed to run your Paradox Accounts or policies. It may also mean that we have to cancel a product or Service you have with us or that you will even be unable to play certain parts of our game such as multiplayer. Any data collection that is optional will be clearly indicated as such at the point of collection. We will keep your information for as long as you are a player or customer of Paradox. We may keep your information for longer for research or statistical purposes. If we do, we will make sure your information is anonymised and non-traceable to you as a person. We will also keep it for longer if we cannot delete it for legal or regulatory reasons. We will however delete all data that is no longer necessary after a reasonable period. For example, any inactive Paradox Account will after a period of two (2) years be deleted unless they contained games or other products you have purchased as we assume you would rather not have them deleted. We will also delete data upon request. For more information, please read section 18 of this Policy “HOW TO GET A COPY OF YOUR DATA”. You are also entitled to object to the processing of your data on grounds related to your particular situation. Please note however, that we must still process some personal information about you to provide the Services to you. This means that you cannot object to all our use of personal information and still require us to provide Services to you. You may unsubscribe to newsletters you have previously opted-in to, by following the instructions in the newsletter you receive (please see further information below). You are entitled to request that we erase data related to you. We will erase your data upon request provided that it is no longer necessary for the purpose we collected it for (for example you cannot require all personal information about you to be erased and still receive Services from us), and that we have no legal obligation to store personal information. You are entitled to require us to restrict our processing of your personal information if you contest the accuracy of the data, if the processing is unlawful but you do still not want us to erase the data, if the data is no longer needed to fulfil the purpose it was collected for or you have informed us that you do not consider us to have a legitimate interest for certain processing. © Paradox Interactive. Trademarks belong to their respective owners. All rights reserved.VAT included in all prices where applicable.