Toggle navigation  Terms of Service www.cactusvpn.com (hereinafter called CactusVPN) provides VPN services under the name of CactusVPN. As a provider of internet services, CactusVPN offers to its clients and to their customers and users, the means to disseminate public, private, commercial, and non-commercial information. CactusVPN respects the fact that the Internet provides a forum for free and open discussion and dissemination of information. However, when there are competing interests at issue, CactusVPN reserves the right to take certain preventative or corrective actions. In order to protect these competing interests, CactusVPN has developed these Terms Of Service, which supplement and explain certain terms of each customer’s respective service agreement. These terms are intended as a guide to the customer’s rights and obligations when utilizing CactusVPN’s services. These terms will be revised from time to time. Customer’s use of CactusVPN’s services after changes to these terms will be posted on CactusVPN web sites and will constitute the customer’s acceptance of any new or additional terms. One important aspect of the Internet is that no one party owns or controls it. This fact accounts for much of the Internet’s openness and value, but it also places a high premium on the judgment and responsibility of those who use the Internet to disseminate information to others. It must be kept in mind that CactusVPN does not review, edit, censor, or take responsibility for any information its clients may create. When clients place information on the Internet, they have the same liability as other authors for copyright infringement, defamation, and other harmful speech. Also, because the information they place on CactusVPN’s network may be carried to a large number of people, including both clients and non-clients of CactusVPN, clients’ postings to the Internet may affect other clients and may harm CactusVPN’s goodwill, business reputation, and operations. We offer a 30-days money back guarantee if the services included in your subscription doesn’t work as advertised. We do not offer money back in the following cases: CactusVPN have a guaranteed no-logs policy for our service. That means that we will not store any data relating to your activities while using any of our privacy solutions, and will not record, monitor, log or store any of your information. CactusVPN also guarantees that none of your information will be passed on to a third party. We do not store any IP addresses, traffic logs, connection timestamps, used bandwidth or session duration information that could be traced to a single person. CactusVPN apps and proxy filtering are bonus services and you can not consider them as they are part of service you’ve paid for. We reserve the right to stop providing this bonuses whenever we consider it necessary. For personal use, you can use an unlimited number of devices simultaneously with one subscription. However, to keep a great service for all our clients we have to specify that this feature is only limited to one household. Therefore it is prohibited to share your account with anyone outside your household. In case we find that our client shared his account with someone outside his household, we reserve the right to close his account permanently. Because of technical limitations, with some protocols (PPTP, L2TP, IKEv2 and WireGuard), the limit is one connection per subscription per VPN server. To avoid this limitation the user just has to use the OpenVPN, SSTP or SoftEther VPN protocol or to connect each device to a different VPN server if he needs to use them simultaneously. For our business clients, the number of devices simultaneously connected to CactusVPN per subscription is limited to one. This means that you will need a subscription for each employer that uses our services. We offer unlimited traffic to our users. However, to keep a great service for all our clients we have to specify that if a client uses a very high amount of resources and this worsens the experience of other users, we reserve the right to permanently close the client’s account. This will only affect users with very high traffic usage that try to exploit our services. As part of the registration process, you will create your user name and you will choose your passwords to access this account. You agree to carefully safeguard all of your passwords. You are solely responsible if you do not maintain the confidentiality of passwords and account information. Furthermore, you are solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account. You agree to immediately notify CactusVPN of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security known to you, including if you believe that your password or account information has been stolen or otherwise compromised. CactusVPN clients violate CactusVPN policy and the service agreement when the clients, their customers, affiliates, or subsidiaries engage in the following prohibited activities: It is CactusVPN’s policy to terminate the privileges of customers who commit violations of CactusVPN policy and service agreements. In order to provide the service we have to collect some data from our clients, but we keep the data collected to a minimum. When registering a trial account, we will collect only your email address. When ordering our services and paying with PayPal, PayPro or Coingate, we will collect: When ordering our services and paying with Credit Card, we will collect: If you wish, you can also enter the following personal information, but it’s not mandatory: Additionally, as part of our fraud detection measures and to keep the system up and running, we collect the IP address and host you used the last time you signed in to our website and some system logs. This is not, at any point, associated with any kind of activity done by the user inside the CactusVPN VPN tunnel which is NOT recorded, logged or stored at all. While using our services, you may write us emails or submit support tickets, order our services, create usernames and passwords. In these cases we will collect: Our website may use 3rd parties such as Google Analytics and we may use cookies to better understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. All the info we collect is maintained by highly trained professionals by the industries standards. CactusVPN will not sell or rent Your personally identifiable information to anyone unless You expressly consent to disclosures of Your personal identification and other personal information to third parties. We may send personally identifiable information about You to third parties when: You have the right to: You must submit an Affiliate Program application form on our website. You must use your true identity and contact information. You must provide us with any future updates regarding your contact details. Each application is manually reviewed and accepted by us. We reserve the right to refuse your application without disclosing why we did it. We will only accept your application if you have a public website that will be used to promote our services. All tracking, link counting, and determinations of Qualified Actions and Commissions shall be made by CactusVPN at its sole discretion according to our tracking technology. In the event that the Affiliate is also tracking Qualified Actions, tracking results from CactusVPN shall always have priority. You may not use the following methods to sell or promote our services: The Affiliate is solely responsible for confirming the legal requirements when publishing the advertisements. CactusVPN can never be held responsible for the contents of commercials or the context (how and where) the commercials are released. In case you don’t follow Limitations and Anti-Spam Policy requirements, we reserve the right to place restrictions on or suspend your account upon written notice to you. CactusVPN reserves the right to change this Agreement at any time, so we advise affiliates to review it periodically. The changes will be effective immediately when posted. Affiliate’s continued use of the Company’s Site or participation in the Program following the posting of any changes to this Agreement shall constitute Affiliate’s acceptance of the changed Agreement. CactusVPN reserves the right to close an affiliate account and stop payments upon written notice to you, including but not limited to suspending your account and retaining all sums within the account as well as commencing a full investigation. We will remove the restrictions only once we are satisfied that the matter is resolved. The Affiliate’s account could be terminated due to several reasons (but not limited to them): We reserve the right to make changes in our terms of Service at any time and at our sole discretion. The changes and updates will be effective immediately, therefore we encourage you to check our Terms of Service regularly. Subscribe to our newsletter: