 This browser is no longer supported. Please switch to a supported browser or download one of our Mobile Apps. Skip main navigation Sign In Join Buy Open Buy sub-menu Homes for sale Foreclosures For sale by owner Open houses New construction Coming soon Recent home sales All homes Buyers Guide Foreclosure center Real estate app Down payment assistance Rent Open Rent sub-menu Rental buildings Apartments for rent Houses for rent All rental listings All rental buildings Contacted rentals Your rental Messages Affordability calculator Renters guide Sell Open Sell sub-menu Explore your options See your home's Zestimate Home values Sellers guide Find a seller's agent Post For Sale by Owner Home Loans Open Home Loans sub-menu Discover Zillow Home Loans See how much you qualify for Estimate your monthly payment Calculate your budget Learn about the mortgage process See today's rates Refinance your home Calculate your refinance savings Browse lenders in your area Agent finder Open Agent finder sub-menu Real estate agents Property managers Home inspectors Other pros Home improvement pros Home builders Real estate photographers Agent advertising Agent resource center Create a free agent account Real estate business plan Real estate agent scripts Listing flyer templates Manage Rentals Open Manage Rentals sub-menu List a rental My Listings Applications Leases Payments Zillow Rental Manager Price My Rental Resource Center Help Center Advertise Help html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/REC-html40/loose.dtd" Updated September 23, 2022 Welcome and thank you for your interest in Zillow and the Zillow family of businesses (Zillow, Inc. and its affiliated brands listed in Section 2, collectively, the “Zillow Companies,” “us,” “our,” or “we” ). By clicking a registration or new account submission button, or by otherwise using our websites, networks, mobile applications, or other services provided by the Zillow Companies (collectively, the “Services”), or accessing any content provided by us through the Services, you agree to be bound by the following terms of use, as updated from time to time (the “Terms of Use”). 1. Zillow Companies’ Role. A. Zillow, Inc. 2. Zillow Companies’ Brands and Businesses. This is to give you notice of business relationships among the following providers. Zillow, Inc. (“ZINC,” which operates Zillow.com and promotes Zillow Offers, among other programs); Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc. (“ZGMI”); Zillow Homes, Inc. (“ZHO”); Zillow Home Loans, LLC (“ZHL”); Zillow Insurance Services, Inc. (“ZIS”); Zillow Closing and Escrow Services CA, Inc (“ZCS CA”); Spruce Land Services LLC (“Spruce”); Spruce Land Services West LLC (“Spruce West”); Spruce Land Services Southwest LLC (“Spruce Southwest”); Spruce Land Services of Louisiana, LLC (“Spruce Louisiana”); and Spruce Land Services of Alabama, LLC (“Spruce Alabama”) are affiliated companies and each may refer to you the services of another. ZINC, ZGMI, ZHO, ZHL, ZIS, ZCS CA, Spruce, Spruce West, Spruce Southwest, Spruce Louisiana, and Spruce Alabama are each indirectly wholly owned by Zillow Group, Inc. through one or more subsidiaries. Because of these relationships, any referrals of you by any of the Zillow Companies may provide the referred company, its direct or indirect parent (including Zillow Group), and our respective employees with a financial or other benefit. A. Affiliated Business Relationship Notice: Except for ZHL, the Zillow Companies do not provide or utilize any information for use in loan-related decisions, and you acknowledge and agree not to use any information obtained from ZGMI or any other Zillow Companies’ Services for loan related decisions. If you choose to engage with ZHL, you will be subject to ZHL’s separate Product’s Terms. You can find more information about ZHL’s mortgage lending services at . B. Zillow Group Marketplace and Zillow Home Loans. 3. Eligibility; Accounts and Registration. 4. Use of the Services; Restrictions. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, we grant you a non-exclusive, limited, revocable, personal, non-transferable license to use the Services, and to download and use any App (as defined in Section 4(B) below) on your mobile device in object code form, for your personal use. If you are a real estate or mortgage professional acting in your professional capacity, you may additionally use the Services to provide information, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to your clients and to take actions on behalf of your clients (“Pro Use”). If you use the Services for a Pro Use, you represent and warrant that you have obtained all required authorizations and consents from your client. Except as expressly stated herein, these Terms of Use do not provide you with a license to use, reproduce, distribute, display or provide access to any portion of the Services on third-party web sites or otherwise. The Services may include software for use in connection with the Services. The Services may not be used for transactions in commercial real estate, which includes, without limitation, commercially zoned properties and vacation rentals. A. Use of the Services. To use any mobile application feature of the Services (each, an “App”), you must have a compatible mobile device. We do not warrant that any App will be compatible with your mobile device. You may use mobile data in connection with an App and may incur additional charges from your wireless provider for using an App. You agree that you are solely responsible for any applicable charges. We may update any app and may automatically electronically update the version of any App that you have installed on a mobile device. You consent to all automatic upgrades, and understand that these Terms of Use will apply to all updated versions of an App. Any third-party open source software included in an App is subject to the applicable open source license and may be available directly from the creator under an open source license. These Terms of Use do not apply to your use of software obtained from a third-party source under an open source license. B. Mobile Applications. Subject to the restrictions set forth in these Terms of Use, you may copy information from the Services without the aid of any automated processes and only as necessary for your personal use or Pro Use to view, save, print, fax and/or e-mail such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate level data provided on the (the “Aggregate Data”) may be used for non-personal uses, e.g., real estate market analysis. You may display and distribute derivative works of the Aggregate Data (e.g., within a graph), only so long as the Zillow Companies are cited as a source on every page where the Aggregate Data are displayed, including “Data Provided by Zillow Group.” Such citation may not include any of our logos without our prior written approval or imply any relationship between you and the Zillow Companies beyond that the Zillow Companies are the source of the Aggregate Data. You are prohibited from displaying any other Zillow Companies’ data without our prior written approval. C. Use of Content. 5. Prohibited Use. reproduce, modify, distribute, display or otherwise provide access to, create derivative works from, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any portion of the Services, except as explicitly permitted by any Product’s Terms to the extent applicable to that product’s Services; provide/post/authorize a link to any of the Services (including but not limited to an agent profile page) from a third-party website that is not a real estate-related website owned or operated by a real estate or lending professional or institution; remove or modify any copyright or other intellectual property notices that appear in the Services; use the Services in any way that is unlawful, or harms the Zillow Companies, its service providers, suppliers, affiliates, or any other user; use the Services in any way to discriminate against any individual or class of individuals protected under federal, state or local laws, or which may have a discriminatory impact against any individual or class of individuals, or which otherwise promotes illegal, racist or discriminatory activities or outcomes; distribute or post spam or other unsolicited messages, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or similar communications through the Services; impersonate another person, misrepresent your affiliation with another person or entity, or make any representation to any third party under false pretenses; reproduce, publicly display, or otherwise make accessible on or through any other website, application, or service any reviews, ratings, or profile information about real estate, lending, or other professionals, underlying images of or information about real estate listings, or other data or content available through the Services, except as explicitly permitted by us for a particular portion of the Services; upload invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents to the Services; post, reproduce, publicly display, or otherwise make accessible any content, which we, in our sole judgement and discretion, consider illegal, offensive or objectionable including without limitation content that harasses, discriminates, demeans, threatens or disparages any individual or class of individuals; interfere with, or compromise the system integrity or security of the Services, or otherwise bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services; conduct automated queries (including screen and database scraping, spiders, robots, crawlers, bypassing “captcha” or similar precautions, or any other automated activity with the purpose of obtaining information from the Services) on the Services; use any of the Zillow Companies’ trademarks as part of your screen name or email address on the Services; access or use any of the Services to develop competitive products or services; or attempt to, or permit or encourage any third party to, do any of the above. 6. Fees. You may be required to pay fees to access certain features of the Services. All fees are in U.S. dollars and are non-refundable. If we change the fees for all or part of any of the Services, including by adding fees or charges, we will provide you advance notice of those changes. If you do not accept the changes, we may discontinue providing the applicable part of the Services to you. Our authorized third-party payment processors will charge the payment method you specified at the time of purchase or as agreed to as part of the selected Service. You authorize us to charge all fees as described in these Terms of Use for the Services you select to that payment method. If you pay any fees with a credit card, we may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account before your purchase to verify that the credit card is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your purchase. The Services may include features that allow for automatically recurring payments for periodic charges (“Subscription Service”). If you decide to activate a Subscription Service, you authorize us to periodically charge, on a going-forward basis and until cancellation of either the recurring payments or your account, all accrued sums on or before the payment due date for the accrued sums. The subscription will continue unless and until you cancel your subscription, or we terminate it. You must cancel your Subscription Service before it renews in order to avoid billing of the next periodic subscription fee to your account. We will bill the periodic subscription fee to the payment method you provide to us during registration (or to a different payment method if you change your payment information). We may change the subscription fee for any subsequent subscription period but will provide you advance notice of any increase before it applies. Unless otherwise stated in your Product’s Terms, you may cancel a Subscription Service through the settings page in your account, by contacting us at , or, if applicable by contacting your business consultant. A. Generally. B. Subscriptions. 7. User Materials. Certain portions of the Services may allow users to upload or otherwise provide the Zillow Companies images, photos, video, data, text, listings, and other content (“User Materials”). Absent any additional terms provided in your Product’s Terms, by uploading or otherwise providing User Materials to the Services, you grant us an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free worldwide license to: (i) use, copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, modify, prepare derivative works of or incorporate into other works, and translate your User Materials, in connection with the Services or in any other media; and (ii) sublicense these rights, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. We will not pay you for your User Materials or to exercise any rights related to your User Materials set forth in the preceding sentence. We may remove or modify your User Materials at any time. You are solely responsible for all User Materials made through your user account(s) on the Services or that you otherwise make available through the Services. For all User Materials, you represent and warrant that you are the creator and owner of the User Materials, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions (including all permissions required under applicable privacy and intellectual property law) to authorize the Zillow Companies and other users to access and use your User Materials as necessary to exercise the licenses granted by you under these Terms of Use. We will not use client contact information that is uploaded by agents into the Zillow Agent Hub portal for any purpose, unless that client contact information is otherwise provided to us directly by the client. A. UGC Definition; License Grant. We are under no obligation to edit or control your User Materials or the User Materials of any other User and will not be in any way responsible or liable for any User Materials. We may, however, at any time and without prior notice, screen, remove, edit, or block any User content on the Services, including User Materials, that in our sole judgment violates these Terms of Use or we find otherwise objectionable, including any violation of our Good Neighbor Policy, described in Section 13(B). You understand that when using the Services, you may be exposed to User Materials of other users and acknowledge that User Materials may be inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. You agree to waive, and do waive, any legal or equitable right or remedy you may have against us with respect to User Materials. We expressly disclaim any and all liability in connection with User Materials. If notified by a user or content owner that User Materials allegedly do not conform with these Terms of Use, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove those User Materials, which we reserve the right to do at any time and without notice. For more information on our handling of infringing content, please see Section 11 below. B. UGC Disclaimer. 8. Third Party/Linked Services/Sent information. The Services include links to third-party products, services, and websites, as well as materials provided by third parties, and may include functionality that allows for the distribution of your User Materials or your personal information (collectively, your “User Information”) to third parties not under our control (each, a “Third-Party Provider”). Third-Party Providers are solely responsible for their services. You are responsible for your use and submission of User Information to any third party, and your dealings or business conducted with any third party arising in connection with the Services are solely between you and such third party. Your use of third-party sites, services, or products may be subject to associated third-party terms of use and privacy policies or other agreements, which you are solely responsible for complying with. We do not endorse, and take no responsibility for such products, services, Web sites, and materials, or a Third-Party Provider’s use of your User Information. By using a tool that allows for User Information to be transferred, you agree that we may transfer the applicable User Information or other information to the applicable third-parties, which are not under our control. If you submit a contact form or otherwise indicate your interest in contacting a Third-Party Provider, you may receive telemarketing calls from the Third-Party Provider using the contact information you provided. Third-Party Providers may keep your contact information and any other information received by the Third-Party Provider in processing a contact or other request form. We are not responsible for any damages or costs of any type arising out of or in any way connected with your dealings with these third parties. B. Certain Third-Party Services. As part of the Services, you may be connected with a real estate professional. You authorize us to make such referral or lead sale and acknowledge that we may be paid valuable consideration for facilitating such connection. As part of the Services, you may be connected to a party that provides mortgage loan origination services, title and escrow services, or other settlement services. If any of these parties have an affiliated relationship with any of the Zillow Companies, then one or more of the Zillow Companies may receive a financial or other benefit from the referral between such affiliates If you choose to contact a non-affiliated bank, mortgage lender, financial institution, mortgage loan originator, loan broker, or other mortgage professional through the Services by filling out a contact, other request form or otherwise indicating your interest in contacting (or being contacted by) a Third-Party Provider (including requests for mortgage rate quotes) on the Services, you authorize the Zillow Companies, and Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc., in particular to provide the information you submit to the Third-Party Provider. If you include your name, contact information and other information in a request, your identity will no longer be anonymous to the Third-Party Provider. Your submission of information and any request for quotes through the Services is not an application for credit. In the case of non-affiliated financial products, the Zillow Companies are only providing an administrative service to consumers and participating Third-Party Providers. Loan approval standards are established and maintained solely by individual Third-Party Providers. Decisions in any related non-affiliated transactions are made by participating Third-Party Providers and are not made by the Zillow Companies and the Zillow Companies are not responsible for the underwriting activities or credit decisions of any Third-Party Provider. Any non-binding quotes provided by the Zillow Companies for Third-Party Providers’ financial products are not intended to be official Loan Estimates as defined in the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act or the Truth in Lending Act, or to otherwise serve as a disclosure of any specific loan terms or conditions under any state or federal law. Interest rates displayed through the Services are for informational purposes only and reflect non-binding quotes of the terms a Third-Party Provider might offer an applicant fitting a consumer’s anonymous profile. Actual interest rates may vary. Consumers should rely on their own judgment in deciding which available loan product, terms, and Third-Party Provider best suit their needs and financial means. Except as set forth in Section 8(b)(i) above or as otherwise disclosed to you or provided in other Product’s Terms, the Zillow Companies: (a) are not a Third-Party Provider, loan originator, loan processor or underwriter; (b) do not aid or assist applicants in obtaining loans, soliciting applicants or Third-Party Providers for loans, or offer or negotiate terms of applications or loans; (c) do not take mortgage applications, make loans or credit decisions, or prequalify or preapprove applicants for loans; (d) are not an agent of either any consumer or any Third-Party Provider; (e) do not endorse, refer, or recommend any Third-Party Provider that pays the Zillow Companies, or the products of any Third-Party Provider that pays the Zillow Companies; (f) are not responsible for any errors or delays caused by consumers or any Third-Party Provider in the loan process; and (g) do not guarantee offer of, or acceptance into, any particular loan program or specific loan terms, conditions, or rates with any Third-Party Provider, or that any rates or terms will be the best available.If you choose to submit your information in order to submit a background or credit check, you are subject to the CIC and Experian terms as described in Section 8(C) below. We do not process, or store background or credit check information related to our rental products and do not control how a landlord uses background or credit check information in evaluating applications submitted to them. We do not guarantee any acceptance by a landlord of an application but do require all landlords using the Services to comply with the Fair Housing Act and other applicable laws.Certain aspects of the Services include Third-Party tools that are subject to additional Third-Party terms, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) Referrals and Lead Sales. (ii) Non-Affiliated Financial Products. (iii) Rental Products. C. Additional Terms for Third Party Services. Windows Live Virtual Earth imagery is supplied by Microsoft Corporation, and use is subject to the Microsoft MapPoint Terms of Use available at .Some of the Services implement the Google Maps web mapping service. Your use of Google Maps is subject to Google’s terms of use, available at , and Google’s Privacy Policy, available at .Some of the Services allow you to use Stripe Connect to make payments to other users, and may include additional processing or application fees detailed when you choose to connect to Stripe. Your use of Stripe is subject to the Stripe Connected Account Agreement, available at . Additionally, by using Stripe, you agree not to use Stripe (and the Services generally) for any Prohibited Business purposes, as listed at .CIC. Some of the Services allow users to use our Third-Party background check partner CIC’s services to submit an application and background check to a landlord. If you are a Renter using the CIC services, you authorize Zillow to obtain your background check report, including criminal and housing court records and to share that information with Landlords to whom you submit an application, and agree to the CIC Legal and Privacy Policy available at . If you are a Landlord using the CIC services, you agree to use the background check reports in compliance with the law, and agree to the CIC Legal and Privacy Policy linked above. Further, you understand and acknowledge that the reporting of criminal and housing court records may be restricted in accordance with federal, state and local legislation/regulations on reporting and/or use restrictions, government agency guidance and industry best practices. CIC does not use Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the collection or hygiene of criminal or housing court records. (i) Windows Live Virtual Earth. (ii) Google Maps. (iii) Stripe. (iv) 9. Intellectual Property. Intellectual Property Notices: Certain content on the Services is owned by ZIP+4 data and the United States Postal Service. To view a complete list of our issued patents and active trademarks, . The names of actual companies, products, and services mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. We do not assert copyright or grant any rights to the underlying images or descriptions of real estate listings provided through the Services. Any use of these images and descriptions is subject to the copyright owner’s permission and the requirements of applicable law. 10. Feedback. 1 . DMCA; Claims of Copyright Infringement. (i) Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (ii) Identification of the material that you claim is infringing and needs to be removed, including a description of where it is located on the Services so that the copyright agent can locate it; (iii) Your address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address, so that the copyright agent may contact you about your complaint; and (iv) A signed statement that the above information is accurate; that you have a good faith belief that the identified use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf in this situation. Notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent as follows: By Mail: Zillow, Inc. 1301 Second Avenue, Floor 36 Seattle, WA 98101 Attention: Copyright Agent By Email: If relating to content on Trulia.com and related websites: Otherwise: If you give notice of copyright infringement by e-mail, we may begin investigating the alleged copyright infringement; however, we must receive your signed statement by mail or as an attachment to your e-mail before we are required to take any action. 12. Deactivation/Deletion /Changes to Agreement. 13. Privacy Policy/Other Terms. The Zillow Companies will collect, use, store, and disclose personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please consult your for more information, which is incorporated into, and made a part of, these Terms of Use. A. Privacy Policy. Your use of the Services is subject to all additional guidelines, rules, Product Terms, and agreements applicable to the Services or certain features of the Services that we may post on, or link to, from the Services, such as rules applicable to a particular product or content available through the Services, including, without limitation, the , the , the , the , the , the and the . If you are a non-affiliated Third-Party Provider who has created an industry professional account with Zillow Group, you are subject to the . Additionally, if you are a non-affiliated Third-Party Provider who participates in any Services offered by Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc. you are also subject to the Zillow Group Market Place, Inc.’s All such terms are incorporated into, and made a part of, these Terms of Use. B. Other Terms. 14. Indemnification. 15. No Warranties. 16. Limitation of Liability/Exclusive Remedy. 17. Choice of Law; Disputes. 18. General. 19. Consent to Communications. The Services may provide web forms, links, or contact information, including phone numbers, that can connect you with the Zillow Companies or third parties, such as real estate agents and Third-Party Providers. Communications through these methods may be routed through a third-party service (“Communications Service”). Calls may be recorded or monitored for quality assurance, training, or customer service purposes. You will be notified at the beginning of a call if it may be recorded or monitored. You consent to such recording and monitoring by the Zillow Companies or the Communications Service. We also use the Communications Service to track phone calls and text messages between you and real estate professionals so that we and the real estate professional can access certain details about the contact. As part of this process, we and the Communications Service will receive in real time, and store, data about your call or text message, including the date and time of the call or text message, your phone number, and the content of the text message. You consent to these practices by us and the Communications Service. The information is subject to the Privacy Policy. 20. Notice to California Residents. 21. Contact Information and License Disclosures. Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zillow, Inc. and has its headquarters at 1301 Second Ave., 30th floor, Suite 3000-A, Seattle, Washington 98101. The Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System (NMLS) Identification Number for Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc. is 1303160. To see a complete list of Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc.’s licenses, see , . EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY Zillow Home Loans, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zillow, Inc., and has its headquarters at 10975 El Monte, Overland Park, KS 66211. The NMLS Identification Number for Zillow Home Loans, LLC is 10287. To see a complete list of Zillow Home Loans, LLC’s licenses, see this . ZILLOW HOME LOANS, LLC IS AN EQUAL HOUSING LENDER. Zillow Closing Services, LLC, Zillow Closing Services AZNV, LLC and Zillow Closing Services TX, LLC are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Zillow Group, Inc. Licensing information for the Zillow Closing Services entities can be found . 22. Notice to Apple Users. Why Use Zillow? Zillow is a free online real estate site where you can search for homes for sale, find home prices, see home values, view recently sold homes, and check mortgage rates. Get started by finding real estate in and real estate in.