 r b Cancel Gifts Clothing Stickers Phone Cases Wall Art Home & Living Kids & Babies Accessories Stationery & Office Explore designs This Privacy Policy explains the types of personal data we collect when you use the Marketplace and how we process it. Personal data is all information that can be individually assigned to you either directly or indirectly. This includes, for example, your name, address, telephone number, cell phone number, fax number and email address. Non-personal data, on the other hand, is information of a general nature that cannot be used to determine your identity. This is, for example, the number of users of the Marketplace. You can generally visit the Marketplace without providing us with any information that directly identifies you. Please note, however, that you may not be able to use certain areas of the Marketplace or certain of the services we offer. When you visit and use the Marketplace, our web server automatically collects so-called access data out of technical necessity, which your terminal device automatically transmits. This log record may include the following information: your IP address, the date and time you are on the Marketplace, the pages you visit on the Marketplace, the name of the file you retrieve and the amount of data transferred, the message whether the retrieval was successful, the website you were on before (so-called referrer website), the browser you use (e.g. Microsoft Edge or Google Chrome), the operating system you use (e.g. Windows 10) as well as the domain name and address of your internet provider. Specifically, we collect (a) your username and email address when you create a user account and register for the Marketplace; (b) your name, shipping address, phone number, email address, and bank or payment information when you order a product through the Marketplace; (c) your name, address, phone number, email address, bank information, and tax status or number when you sell products through the Marketplace; and (d) your email address when you fill out a form or send us an email. When we collect your personal data, we will inform you whether the provision of the respective personal data is required or merely optional, as well as about the possible consequences if you do not provide the respective information. In addition, we collect personal data that you provide to us in connection with your visit to and use of the Marketplace and our services, e.g. your sales and order history, favorite and marked products on the Marketplace, your movements and executed actions on the Marketplace, as well as the content and details of your messages that you send and receive from other users via our BubbleMail service. Insofar as you use a so-called single sign-on function of a social network to log in to the Marketplace, we collect your personal data from the corresponding social network that you have made publicly available there. (b) If you have given us your consent, we will also collect your email address as part of the registration process for our newsletter and other promotional messages. 4.1. We process your personal data in order to provide and operate the Marketplace in accordance with our User Agreement and to provide you with our services, in particular (a) for the processing and coordination of sales and orders on the Marketplace; (b) for the provision of a functional and accurately running Marketplace – within the range of what is technically possible and reasonable – by observing, monitoring and maintaining the performance of the Marketplace (in particular by identifying and appropriately resolving problems and errors); (c) for providing and maintaining means of communication with Redbubble Support via live chat, email, web forums, social media or telephone and for handling such communication accordingly; and (d) for providing and maintaining means of communicating or exchanging ideas with other users via message boards, chat rooms or interactive online forums or for submitting reviews for products offered on the Marketplace. The legal basis for this is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. Please note with regard to the communication via message boards, chat rooms or interactive online forums explained in section 4.1(d) that if you post a comment on a message board or chat room, this information will be made available to the public in an online environment. Each comment posted is the sole responsibility of the individual user. If you use such an interactive area, you should always be aware that these areas, and therefore any personal information shared there, are publicly accessible. We cannot control how other visitors to the Marketplace use this information. In particular, we cannot prevent you from receiving unsolicited communications. 4.2. Furthermore, we process your personal data as a precaution against and prevention of fraudulent acts on the Marketplace. The legal basis for this is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Our legitimate interests in this context are to protect the integrity of the Marketplace, our services, our system and our users. 4.3. Furthermore, we process your personal data for our efforts to (a) provide you with the most optimal and meaningful user experience possible when visiting and using our Marketplace and services; and (b) improve and optimize the Marketplace, its layout and content, and our services. The legal basis for this is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Our legitimate interests in this context are to provide you with an optimal and meaningful user experience on the Marketplace that meets your expectations and needs on the one hand and fulfills our commercial interests on the other hand. 4.4. To the extent you have given us your consent, we will further process your collected personal data for the provision and optimization of our email marketing efforts, in particular the provision of our newsletter and other marketing messages about Redbubble events, Redbubble services, Redbubble products and special Redbubble offers. The legal basis for this is Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. 4.5. Furthermore, we may process the information collected by our web server (cf. Section 3.1) in the event of system abuse in cooperation with your Internet provider and/or local authorities in order to determine the originator of this abuse. The legal basis for this is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Our legitimate interests in this context are the protection of the integrity of the Marketplace, our services, our system and our users. Your personal data is very important and helpful for us to provide and optimize the Marketplace and our services. We do not share your personal information with third parties unless (a) it is necessary for the provision of the Marketplace and/or our services; (b) otherwise permitted by applicable law; or (c) you have given us your consent. In light of the above, we will only share your personal data with third parties to the extent set out below. 5.1. In order to provide our services in the form of processing and coordinating sales or orders between users on the Marketplace, it is necessary to pass on your name, delivery address and telephone number to production, printing, logistics or processing service providers on behalf of the seller. Please note that this information is shared solely for the purpose of processing the sale or order made between users. However, this information will not be made available to the aforementioned service providers for marketing purposes under any circumstances. 5.3. We are further entitled to outsource the processing of personal data in whole or in part to external service providers who act for us as processors within the meaning of Article 4(8) GDPR. If these service providers are located outside the European Union or European Economic Area, we will take appropriate security measures in accordance with legal and regulatory requirements to ensure the security of your personal data. We use external service providers as part of the provision and operation of the Marketplace and the provision of our services for the purposes listed below: For hosting the Marketplace and storing the databases in the backend of the Marketplace. For enabling and providing live chat communications. For enabling and providing the technical requirements for product reviews by users. For the precaution against as well as the detection, identification and prevention of fraudulent actions on the Marketplace. For observing and monitoring the performance of the Marketplace and detecting, identifying and resolving problems and errors on the Marketplace. For providing our Customer Relationship Management, in particular customer and product support for the Marketplace, as well as investigating, identifying and resolving customer support requests via live chat, email, web forums, social media or telephone. For enabling data reporting and analytics for our internal business purposes. For optimizing typography in the Marketplace. For effectively and efficiently organizing and administering our internal business goals. For optimizing and improving our budget planning, business performance, analysis and reporting. For providing services for our marketing as well as for optimizing our marketing, such as delivering digital ads relevant to you via targeting or advertising cookies. These types of cookies also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We use cookies to help us identify and retarget users who may be interested in our products, services or offerings both on the Marketplace and on third party websites. For example, we use proprietary technology to specifically target users by creating advertising material based on the users' previous behavior. The legal basis for this is Article 6 (1)(a) GDPR. For providing payment services to our users. The legal basis for this is Article 6 (1)(b) GDPR. We take all necessary and reasonable steps to keep your personal data secure, but by its nature, unfortunately, no system is impenetrable. Due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that information is one hundred percent secure from unauthorized access during transmission over the Internet or while it is stored on our system or otherwise. Your payments are made over an encrypted connection or through a secure data processor. Access to your personal data on our databases is subject to appropriate technical security measures. Furthermore, only persons authorized by us can access your personal data to the extent necessary for their respective activities (so-called need-to-know principle). External service providers who have access to personal data in the course of their activities must sign a commissioned processing agreement (Article 28 GDPR) with us, which obliges them to implement the necessary and appropriate steps to protect the personal data provided to them. Your personal data will be stored by us only as long as it is necessary to achieve the purposes for which it was collected or – if there are any legal retention periods beyond this – for the duration of the legally prescribed retention period. Subsequently, your personal data will be deleted. In accordance with applicable data protection law, you may have the following rights. (a) Right of access, rectification, erasure and restriction: You may have the right to request information about your personal data stored by us at any time. When we process your personal data, we take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is accurate and up to date for the purposes for which it was collected. In the event that your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you may request that it be corrected. You may have the right to request the deletion or restriction of the processing of your personal data if, for example, there is no longer a legitimate business purpose for such processing under this Privacy Policy or applicable law and legal retention obligations do not prevent further storage. Your user account shows you the essential personal data that is stored by us. You can view, change and/or delete this personal data at your own discretion. Furthermore, you can contact us at any time with a request for information, deletion and restriction under the contact options listed in section 1. (b) Right to data portability: You may have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to transfer this data to another controller. For this purpose, please contact the contact options listed under item 1. (c) Right to object: You may have the right to object to the processing of your personal data on specific grounds relating to your particular situation. To do so, please contact the contact options listed under item 1. (d) Right to revoke your consent: If you have consented to the collection and processing of your personal data, you may revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future, but without affecting the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until revocation. You can also object to the use of your personal data for the purposes of market and opinion research as well as advertising and to unsubscribe from receiving our newsletter (see section 4.4). To do so, please use the contact options listed under section 1. (e) Supervisory authority responsible for possible complaints: You have the right to file a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority. Redbubble reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with the law. This may be necessary, for example, to comply with new legislation or in the case of new services. This Section 11 applies only to users of our Marketplace who are California residents. As used in this Section, "Personal Information" in this Section 11 means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, or as otherwise defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (California Civil Code §§ 1798.100 to 1798.199) and its implementing regulations, as amended or superseded from time to time ("CCPA"). The chart below provides the categories of Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA) we have collected, disclosed for a business purpose, sold, or used for business or commercial purposes in the preceding twelve (12) months since this California Resident Privacy Notice was last updated, as well as the categories of sources from which that Personal Information was collected, and the categories of third parties with whom we shared Personal Information. The examples of Personal Information provided for each category reflect each category's statutory definition and may not reflect all of the specific types of Personal Information associated with each category. Category We Collect We Disclose We Sell Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share Personal Information A. Identifiers Examples: Name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. Examples: Name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. Yes No All B. Categories of Personal Information in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e) Examples: Name, signature, social security number, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. C. Characteristics of Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law Examples: Race or color, ancestry or national origin, religion or creed, age (over 40), mental or physical disability, sex (including gender and pregnancy, childbirth, breastfeeding or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, military, and veteran status. N/A D. Commercial Information Examples: Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. E. Biometric Information Examples: Physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics, including DNA, that can be used, singly or in combination with each other or with other identifying data, to establish individual identity, such as imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, face, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a faceprint, a minutiae template, or a voiceprint, can be extracted, and keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information. F. Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information Examples: Browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. G. Geolocation Data Examples: Precise physical location. H. Sensory Information Examples: Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. I. Professional or employment-related information Examples: Job application or resume information and past and current job history. J. Non-Public Education Information (as defined in 20 U.S.C. 1232g; 34 C.F.R. Part 99) Examples: Records that are directly related to a student maintained by an educational agency or institution or by a party acting for the agency or institution. K. Inferences Drawn from Personal Information Examples: Consumer profiles reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. We collect, use, and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with the specific business and commercial purposes as described in Sections 3-5 of this Policy. In the preceding twelve months since this notice was last updated, we have collected Personal Information from the following categories of sources: You/Your Devices: You or your devices directly. Users: Other users of our services. Affiliates. Analytics Providers. OS/Platform Provider: Operating systems and platforms. Social Networks. Partners: Business partners. As set forth in Section 5 of this Policy, we share your Personal Information with the following categories of third parties: Vendors: Vendors and service providers. Integrated Third Parties: Third parties integrated into our Services. Third Parties as Legally Required: Third parties as required by law and similar disclosures. Third Parties in Merger/Acquisition: Third parties in connection with a merger, sale, or asset transfer. Third Parties with Consent: Other third parties for whom we have obtained your permission to disclose your Personal Information. You may submit a verifiable request for information regarding the: (i) categories of Personal Information collected, sold, or disclosed by us; (ii) purposes for which categories of Personal Information are collected or sold by us; (iii) categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information; (iv) categories of third parties with whom we disclosed or sold Personal Information; and (v) specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you during the past twelve months. Subject to certain exceptions, you may submit a verifiable request that we delete Personal Information about you that we have collected from you. Requests for access to or deletion of Personal Information are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity in light of the information requested and pursuant to relevant CCPA requirements, limitations, and regulations. To verify your access or deletion request, we may request that you provide us with personal information that matches the identifying information that you have already provided to us. Provide sufficient information that allows Redbubble to reasonably verify the requester's identity; and Describe the request with sufficient detail that allows Redbubble to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your CCPA privacy rights, subject to certain limitations. Redbubble may offer certain financial incentives to the extent permitted by the CCPA that result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive that is offered will reasonably relate to California consumers' personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program would require prior opt in consent, which may be revoked at any time. For any questions, concerns or complaints relating to this Privacy Policy or Redbubble's privacy/data protection practices, please contact the Redbubble Data Protection Officer at the contact details listed in Section 1. You may also lodge complaints with the relevant supervisory authority, depending on your location. Date: Nov 2022 Mature Content: desktop tablet-landscape content-width tablet-portrait workstream-4-across phone-landscape phone-portrait desktop tablet-landscape content-width tablet-portrait workstream-4-across phone-landscape phone-portrait