Legal Information Evaneos Travel Privacy Policy We at Evaneos are committed to respecting the privacy and security of the personal information of every individual who uses this site. This privacy policy describes how we use the information that we collect, receive, and process about individuals in connection with the use of the Evaneos websites and the affiliated mobile applications (which we refer to in this privacy policy, together with all associated content and functionality, as the “site”). The site is owned and operated by Evaneos SA, who we refer to, together with our affiliates, as “us”, “we” or “our”. When we refer to “you” and “your” in this privacy policy, we are referring to you as a visitor to and user of the site. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY COMPLETELY AND CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE OR SUBMITTING ANY INFORMATION, PARTICULARLY PERSONAL INFORMATION, THROUGH THE SITE. BY USING THE SITE, YOU ARE AGREEING TO THESE PRIVACY TERMS. 1. APPLICABILITY OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY This privacy policy applies only to information provided and collected through the site. It does not apply to information that we or other parties may collect through other means, such as information we may learn through a business or employment relationship with you, or information that we collect over the phone. It also does not apply to information collected through social media sites. For example, if you post something on Facebook or another social media or networking site, that information will be governed by the privacy policy of that site, not by this privacy policy. 2. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION A. What Is Personal Information? Personal information refers to information that we can use to personally identify a specific individual. Different states and countries define personal information (and similar terms, such as personal data, personally identifiable information, and PII) to include different things, but it generally includes information like your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number. It may also include your computer or mobile device IP address, if that IP address can be linked to a particular person, or geo-location information, again if that information can be used to pinpoint a specific person. B. Providing Personal Information Is Your Choice. We do not currently require you to provide personal information to have access to general information available on our site. However, if you choose to make use of certain features of the sites, you may need to provide certain personal information to us. For example, if you want to create an account on our site, submit a trip request, or review a trip, you will need to provide certain mandatory personal information. If you do provide us with any personal information, you agree that it will be accurate and complete, and you understand that it is your responsibility to keep it current. C. The Personal Information We Collect. The categories of personal information you may be asked to provide, and how we may use that information, are described below. We present the information below based on the categories of information collected, but similar specific pieces of information may apply to multiple categories. For example, your name and email address may be included within each of the “Identification and Contact Information,” “Travel Information,” “Billing Information,” and “User-Provided Information” categories described below. Identification and Contact Information Travel Information Billing Information User-Generated Information Information About Others Local Agent Information 3. HOW AND WHY WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION We may share personal information with third parties in the following circumstances: We do not sell, rent, or lease any personal information that we collect about you through the site to anyone for any purpose, other than as disclosed, unless you have given us your separate express “opt-in” consent to do so. 4. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION A. What Is Non-Personally Identifiable Information? Non-personally identifiable information, also called NPII, refers to information that is not and cannot be used to identify a specific individual. This may include information about the statistical characteristics of the visitors to our site. While this information may define how you fit into a particular group of people, it is not unique to you, and it cannot be used (without other information) to specifically identify you. This section describes how we collect and use non-personally identifiable information through the site. B. Log Files. We may (directly or through third parties) make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, internet service provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information that your browser may send to us. We may (directly or through third parties) use this information to analyze trends, administer our site, track users’ movement around our site, and gather information. C. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. Our site utilizes “cookies”, anonymous identifiers and other tracking technologies which enable us to provide you with information that is customized for you. For more information, see the “Cookie Policy” section of this privacy policy. D. Analytics Services. Our site may use analytics tools and services to collect information about use of our site, such as how often users visit our site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to visiting our site. We use the information we collect from the analytics services to maintain and improve our sites and our products and services. The analytics services we use include Google Analytics, Facebook Ads, Content Square, Criteo, and others. E. Anonymous Information. Anonymous information refers to information that does not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated or demographic information about users of our site. We may use anonymous information or disclose it to third party service providers to improve our site and enhance your experience with our site. We may also disclose anonymous information (with or without compensation) to third parties, including advertisers and partners. 5. COOKIE POLICY As noted above, our site uses and allows certain third parties to use cookies. We ask for your consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our site. By using the site and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies. A. What Are Cookies? Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored on your browser, device, or the page you are viewing when you visit a website. Some cookies are deleted once you close your browser or application (session cookies), while other cookies are retained even after you exit so that you can be recognized when you return (persistent cookies). Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. B. How We Use Cookies. We use both session and persistent cookies on the site. The cookies we use are generally divided into the following categories: If you do disable cookies from your browser you may not be able to access certain sections of the site that use essential cookies, and this may make your experiences on the site less efficient. D. Do Not Track Requests. Currently, certain browsers, including Firefox, Google Chrome, Safari and Internet Explorer, offer a “do not track” (DNT) option. This option, using a technology known as a DNT header, sends a signal to websites visited by the user about the user’s DNT preference, if any, set on the browser. If you activate DNT, we will deactivate all cookies on the site (other than mandatory cookies). However, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals. We cannot make this commitment because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. 6. SOCIAL SHARING FEATURES Our site may offer social network and similar sharing features, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube buttons, which let you share information related to the site through your preferred social media platforms. If you permit a connection between our site and your social network page(s), we (and the social network) may be able to identify you, and associate the information we (and they) receive with information we (and they) already have about you. In addition, depending on how you use those features and your settings with the social network provider(s), the information you share to your social network pages will be available to others, including your friends and/or the public. For more information about how your information may be shared through those social networks once it is provided to them, you should review the privacy policies of those social networks. 7. OUR SECURITY MEASURES We use a variety of industry-standard security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information, including measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. We store the personal information you provide on secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers. All electronic financial transactions conducted through our site are protected by encryption technology. Unfortunately, no electronic data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we believe that we use reasonable measures to protect personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted or otherwise provided to us or received from us. If you have an account on our site, it is your responsibility for keeping the password confidential. We will never ask for your password (except when you create your account and log into our site). 8. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION C. RIGHTS OF EU Persons. For our users in the European Union (EU), this privacy policy is intended to comply with Regulation (EU) 2016 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, known commonly as the General Data Protection act, or the GDPR. If you are in the EU, you have the following rights, subject to certain limitations and exceptions imposed by the GDPR: In addition, if you are from the EU or are otherwise located in the European Economic Area (EEA), we are required to give you information about the transfer of your information outside the EEA. When we transfer information outside of the EEA, it is our practice to enter into Standard Contractual Clauses to ensure the protection of the information we shared. 9. A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN 10. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY Because of changes in Internet technology and practices, this privacy policy may change from time to time. We will post any changes we make to this privacy policy on this page, and any changes will be effective once the new policy is posted. It is your responsibility to check this privacy policy for updates. You can determine when this privacy policy was last updated by referring to the “Last Modified” legend at the top. By using the site after we post any changes to this privacy policy, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you have reviewed them. The advantages of Evaneos Our Better Trips promise About us 24:7 on-site assistance Compensated carbon footprint Book with confidence Secure Online Payment Keep traveling all year round! Subscribe to our newsletter to receive the best local travel inspiration directly in your inbox. Something went wrong. Please try again. The email address you used is invalid I would like to receive Evaneos' newsletters by email E-mail Subscribe How does Evaneos use my personal data? Your information is sent to EVANEOS, located at 27 rue de Mogador, 75009 Paris, France, in order provide you with its services, personalized information relevant to you, and practical advice regarding your travel plans. Your information will be kept as long as necessary to achieve the purpose for which it is processed. This information may be subject to an automated decision-making process to assess your preferences or areas of personal interest. In accordance with the French "Computing and freedoms" Law n ° 78-17 of 6th January 1978, amended by the European regulation of 679/2016, you can at any time request access to information concerning you for the purpose of correcting, changing, or deleting, opposing or limiting its use by EVANEOS, or transferring it, by writing to data-privacy@evaneos.com. You can also define the terms of use, storage, and communication of your personal data in case of death. For all requests relating to your personal data, you can contact the DPO (Data Protection Officer) of the data at the following address: dpo@evaneos.com, or lodge a complaint with the National Commission for computing and liberties. How does Evaneos use my personal data? Your information is sent to EVANEOS, located at 27 rue de Mogador, 75009 Paris, France, in order provide you with its services, personalized information relevant to you, and practical advice regarding your travel plans. Your information will be kept as long as necessary to achieve the purpose for which it is processed. This information may be subject to an automated decision-making process to assess your preferences or areas of personal interest. In accordance with the French "Computing and freedoms" Law n ° 78-17 of 6th January 1978, amended by the European regulation of 679/2016, you can at any time request access to information concerning you for the purpose of correcting, changing, or deleting, opposing or limiting its use by EVANEOS, or transferring it, by writing to data-privacy@evaneos.com. You can also define the terms of use, storage, and communication of your personal data in case of death. For all requests relating to your personal data, you can contact the DPO (Data Protection Officer) of the data at the following address: dpo@evaneos.com, or lodge a complaint with the National Commission for computing and liberties. Thank you for subscribing!We're happy to have you as a reader. Thank you for subscribing! We're happy to have you as a reader. Languages Evaneos France Evaneos Germany Evaneos Spain Evaneos Italy Evaneos Netherlands Evaneos Switzerland USD EUR GBP SEK USD AUD CHF CAD JPY BRL DKK ARS Evaneos France Evaneos Germany Evaneos Spain Evaneos Italy Evaneos Netherlands Evaneos Switzerland USD Our Team Legal Notices Terms & Conditions Site Map CommunicationMagazinePartnershipsPress & Media Magazine Partnerships Careers Become a partner local agent © Evaneos