> Legal and privacy information Flat - Privacy Policy Language🇺🇸 🇪🇸 Spanish🇫🇷 Français🇯🇵 日本語 Language🇺🇸 Language 🇺🇸 🇪🇸 Spanish🇫🇷 Français🇯🇵 日本語 This is the current version of these terms, dated 11 Oct 2023. 1.2 We appreciate your interest in our Service. Privacy protection is very important to us and we are committed to protecting you and respecting your privacy. This privacy policy sets out information about how we collect, store, process, transfer, share and use data that identifies or is associated with you when providing our Service (hereinafter "personal information"). 1.3 You should also be aware that we use cookies to store and access information whilst providing access to our site or our app. You can find out more about our use of cookies below. 1.4 The Service is operated by Tutteo Limited ("Flat", "we", "our" or "us") and we act as a data controller in relation to the personal information we hold about you. 2.1 We collect personal information about you when you voluntarily submit information directly to us through our Service. This can include information you provide to us when you register with us, edit your profile, share content, purchase services, correspond with us, subscribe to our mailing lists, newsletters or other forms of marketing communications, respond to a survey, enter a promotion or use some other feature of our Service. 2.2 At various places on our site or our app you may be requested to enter certain personal information. Personal information that must be provided in order to use the requested services will be indicated at the time of collection. If you choose not to provide this personal information, we may not be able to provide some or all of the features and functionalities of the Service to you or respond to your other requests. Other personal information that you are not required to provide in order to receive our services may be voluntarily given and you are free to decide not to give such personal information. 2.4 We also automatically collect personal information indirectly about how you access and use the Service and information about the device you use to access the Service. 2.6 We may link or combine the personal information we collect about you and the information we collect automatically. This allows us to provide you with a personalised experience regardless of how you interact with us. 2.7 We may anonymise and aggregate any of the information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you). We may use anonymised information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our site and developing new products and features. 3.2 We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to anyone else except as set out above. We may provide third parties with aggregate statistical information and analytics about users of our Service but we will make sure no one can be identified from this information before we disclose it. 4.1 From time to time we may contact you with information about our products and services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email. If you are using our app we may also send you push notifications. For some marketing messages we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you. 4.2 We will only send marketing messages to you if you have given us your consent to do so. We will ask you if you would like to receive these messages when we first collect your contact details. You can also change your marketing preference at a later date by following the instructions outlined below. 4.3 If you receive marketing from us through other channels e.g. post or by phone, and you no longer want to receive such messages, you can tell us to stop marketing to you by post or phone marketing messages by using our contact details at the end of this privacy policy. 4.4 Please note that if you do opt-out of or do not grant consent to receiving marketing related messages from us, we may still send you non-marketing messages, such as communications relating to the provision of our Service. 5.2 Security: we implement appropriate and reasonable technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change, or damage. All personal information we collect will be stored on our secure servers. 5.3 Phishing: We will never send you unsolicited emails or contact you by phone requesting your account ID, password, credit or debit card information or national identification numbers. 5.4 International Transfers of your Personal Information: the personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third party service providers have operations. Some of these countries offer differing levels of protection in respect of personal information and may, in certain instances, be less protective than the country you are typically resident in. These international transfers of your personal information will be made pursuant to appropriate safeguards, such as the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework or standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission. If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this privacy policy. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable law and this privacy policy. Our Flat Individual Service is not directed to persons under 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, without your consent, then please contact us using the details below so that we can take steps to remove such information and terminate any account your child has created with us. 7.1 If you are resident in the European Economic Area, in accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold: 7.2 If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy. You may also review and edit the personal information you have submitted to us by logging into your account on our website. 7.4 Residents in other jurisdictions may have similar rights to the above. If you would like to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy. We will comply with any request to the extent required under applicable law. 8.1 Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website. 8.2 Cookies are pieces of code that allow for personalisation of our website experience by saving your information such as user ID and other preferences. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. 8.3 We use the following types of cookies: 8.5 The cookies we use are designed to help you get the most from the website but if you do not wish to receive cookies, most browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. Please note that if you choose to refuse cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. These settings will typically be found in the "options" or "preferences" menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the "Help" option in your browser for more details. Our Service may, from time to time, contain links to and from third party websites of our partner networks, advertisers, partner merchants, news publications, retailers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. Please check the individual policies before you submit any information to those websites. We may update this privacy policy from time to time and so you should review this policy periodically. When we change this privacy policy in a material way, we will update the "last modified" date at the top of this privacy policy. Changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If we need to provide you with information about something, whether for legal, marketing or other business related purposes, we will select what we believe is the best way to get in contact with you. We will usually do this through email or by placing a notice on our site. The fact that we may send notices to you will not stop you from being able to opt out of certain types of contact as described in this privacy policy. Can't find your answer? Get in touch with our team. We’re here to help. Contact Us