 Get fresh music recommendations delivered to your inbox every Friday. × See all results Try a different filter or a new search keyword. Search all Bandcamp artists, tracks, and albums cancel Bandcamp Gift Cards view site Language: Bandcamp Effective Date: October 18, 2023 Bandcamp Ventures LLC (“Bandcamp”) knows that you care about how your Personal Data is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, share, and safeguard your Personal Data when you access the www.bandcamp.com website and domain name, mobile applications, and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by Bandcamp in connection therewith (collectively, the “Service”), or otherwise interact with us. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Bandcamp does not own or control, or to individuals that Bandcamp does not employ or manage. “Personal Data” means any data related to an identified or identifiable individual. By accessing or using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. User information, User financial information, Band information, Band financial information, Fan information, Emails and messages, In addition to the above, we may automatically collect the following types of information: Website activity information, Information collected via cookies. The Personal Data collected by Bandcamp is used for the following purposes: We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection. We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from Bandcamp. Bandcamp uses this confirmation to help us make emails more interesting and helpful and improve our service. If you do not want to receive email from us, please contact us as specified in the “How To Contact Us” section below. We may collect and use Personal Data relating to you when: We may receive Personal Data relating to you from: Bandcamp stores Personal Data only for as long as it is necessary for the fulfillment of the purpose for which it was collected, unless otherwise required or authorized by applicable law. We take measures to destroy or permanently de-identify Personal Data if required by law or if the Personal Data is no longer required for the purpose for which we collected it. Personal Data about our customers is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your Personal Data to anyone. We share your Personal Data only as described below. Members of our Group: Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: Agents: Bands: User profiles: Aggregate information: Communication in response to User Submissions: Business Transfers: Compliance with the Law, Protection of Bandcamp and Others: With Your Consent: Bandcamp endeavors to protect user information to ensure that your Personal Data is kept private. We use physical, managerial, and technical security measures to protect your Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. In particular, we take steps to ensure that our employees and service providers who have access to your Personal Data only process it upon our instructions, unless otherwise required by law. However, no measures are 100% secure and unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of your Personal Data. To protect the security of your data, you need to select and protect your password appropriately and limit access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. The Service may contain links to other sites. Bandcamp is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site you should read the privacy policy stated on that site. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected by Bandcamp. You have certain rights regarding the Personal Data we maintain about you. We also offer you certain choices about what Personal Data we collect from you, how we use that information, and how we communicate with you. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Data from children under 16 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed to children under the age of 16. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Data without your consent, you may alert us by using the contact details provided in the “How To Contact Us” section below. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Data from children under 16, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account. When you use the Service, your information may be transferred to or stored in the United States or other countries where we or our service providers operate. The data protection laws and rules in these countries may be different than those where you live. We rely on various legal mechanisms to help lawfully support transfers of information outside the country of collection where appropriate. If permissible under local law, you’re authorizing Bandcamp to process your information in any of the locations where we operate (including the United States) by using the Bandcamp Services. Bandcamp may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Data, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Service or sending you an email. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when they use the Service after such changes have been first posted.