Commercial Privacy Policy Welcome We take privacy as seriously as you do. This policy shows how and why we collect, use, share and manage your personal information, or info. It also explains how we store and secure that info. And it shows you how to check and control the personal info we hold, and can collect, about you. Any time you: use our websites, or enter into an agreement with us through them, or subscribe to our services, we’ll take it that you have read and agreed to what’s in this policy. Also, we update this policy as we need to, to make sure it’s always current. We encourage you to review it now and then, so that you know of any changes. We’ll take your continued use of our websites and apps as acceptance of our revised privacy policy. Visit realestate.com.au's Privacy Centre for a summary of our policies and how you can control the personal info we hold for your realestate.com.au account. See our Privacy Centre Who we are In this policy, “we” “us” and “our” are realestate.com.au Pty Limited and our related businesses. We run these websites across desktop, mobile, tablet and apps: flatmates.com.au mortgagechoice.com.au property.com.au proptrack.com.au rea-group.com ("REA Group Website") realcommercial.com.au realestate.com.au smartline.com.au spacely.com.au In this policy, we’ll refer to these as the “websites”. In the Credit Reporting Policy, “REA” or “we”, “our” and “us” refer only to realestate.com.au Pty Limited. Where we refer to the data practices of a specific business, "we", "our" or "us" refers to the operating entity of that business. How we respect information privacy We understand the importance of protecting your personal information. Whenever we collect and handle personal info, we’re bound by the Privacy Act. That includes the Australian Privacy Principles (“APPs”). Information we collect, how we use it and how we disclose it The kinds of things you do on our websites might mean we need to collect your . If you want us to send you emails, for example, we’ll need to collect your email address. So, a lot of the time, you’ll know what info we’re collecting, and when. After all, you’ll be giving us the information yourself. personal information We might also collect , like a list of the pages you look at on our websites. We do this so that we can give you the most helpful, personal experience of our services. For example, we use it to suggest properties like the ones you look at most often. We often use cookies or other technology to collect this kind of info. So, you might not realise every time it’s happening. non-personal information By using our sites, you agree to only ever give us: your own personal information, or personal info someone's agreed for you to share with us, like a referee in a rental application. We’ll only ever use or share your information for the purpose you gave it to us for, or something closely related to that. For example, if your sign up to a newsletter for first-home buyers, we might also show you articles with home-buying tips when you come to our websites. You can always control the information we collect about you. If you browse our sites, or sign up for an account with us Information we collect Here are some of the common cases where we collect your personal information: You register to use our websites through an account. You log in to use our websites through a social networking site account. You subscribe to receive alerts or emails; fill in forms; create applications, such as a rental application; complete surveys or research; and take part in promotions and competitions on our websites or those of our service providers. You contact us or our service providers for any reason. For instance, you might report a problem with our websites, seek further services or ask for help. You post on or add material to our websites. You use our services and any credit provided by us in connection with those services. What actual information are we talking about? It can include your: name address phone number email address gender occupation personal interests behavioural information, for example, the links you click on any other information you share with us. What if you use our services through a social network, or log in here using your social network credentials? We’ll collect information from that social site, such as your: user name site ID profile photo email address. If you subscribe to alert services on this website, of course we’ll need to collect your name and email address. We might also use tracking technologies to collect non-personal information about you. Those technologies include cookies, web beacons and measurement software. And they might collect data about your activities on our websites, including IP addresses. Our service providers, and third parties like analytics, advertising or ad-serving partners, can do the same. They might use cookies to collect information about your visits to our websites. We may also collect your personal information through our other businesses, service providers and third parties. This helps us provide better, more relevant services and products to you. How we use it In a nutshell, we use the personal information we collect about you to: provide the products and services you ask for respond to your enquiries create and maintain your account make sure you follow our website terms of use offer you products and services that you might like. More specifically, we use personal info we’ve collected to: improve your security when you visit our websites. present website content in the most effective way for you and your devices. provide you with a better or more relevant service or product. For instance, we might help you save time by pre-filling a form with information you’ve already shared with us. customise the services, experience, advertising and content you see on our, and our partners' websites. combine with info we’ve collected from service providers, third parties, cookies or web beacons. We do this to give you a more relevant, personalised experience. It raises the quality of our services, and third-party services, too. For example, we might take your behavioural data, collected using cookies, and combine it with information you send to an agent through our enquiry form. This gives the agent a clearer picture of what interests you, so they can serve you better. reply to you, or give you the services, products, information and help that you ask for. contact you to conduct research, and ask for feedback on our products, services or websites. verify your identity and remind you of your credentials. allow you to use interactive features of our service, such as loan calculators. improve the quality and functionality of our products and services. help meet our obligations arising from any contracts you enter into with us. let you know about changes to our products and services. Without your personal info, we may not be able to provide these services. We use the information we collect through cookies and web beacons in line with this Privacy Policy, to do things like: report statistics analyse trends deliver our services diagnose problems target and improve the quality of our products and services provide more relevant services and advertising to you on our websites, and on third-party websites. Our service providers and other third parties may do that, too. See our Cookie Policy for details. Who we share it with We might use your personal information to tell you about things we think might interest you. That includes offers, promotions, products or services, for example. If we contact you for these reasons, you’ll always be able to “opt out”. That means you can ask that your info isn’t used to do this again. We might also share your information with our related businesses, service providers and other third parties. We do this so they can: provide you with products or services on our behalf help us to provide the products or services you’ve asked for. In both cases, they may contact you. They may also use your info to deliver more relevant services, direct marketing and advertising on our website, or on third-party sites. We might also share your personal information in these cases: When you send an enquiry. It could be to a real estate agent, property developer or anyone who has a listing or advertising on our websites. When you request products or services from us or our service providers. We share your info so that they can provide you with those products or services, or help us to do that. And if you’ve subscribed to Google’s Google Now service through the operating system on your mobile device? We’ll share information such as your search history to Google. To opt out of this, see the section on "Controlling your personal information" below. When you request information, products or services from third parties. For example, through realestate.com.au Connect or an online rental application. In conjunction with a sale or similar transfer of one of our businesses. In special cases where we need to help identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who's doing the wrong thing. They could be damaging, injuring, or interfering with our rights or property, our users, or anyone else. In those cases, we’ll share your information with relevant public, government or regulatory authorities. We might also share it with our legal representatives or other concerned parties. Where the law permits or requires us to do so. Sometimes, you might use our sites to ask for information from another organisation. We’re not responsible for what they do with any personal information you send in your request. Check their privacy policies to make sure you’re satisfied with the ways they protect and use your data. How we secure it We're committed to keeping your information safe. So, we have dedicated teams focused on securing your information and our systems. We have internal controls to make sure we only collect the smallest amount of personal info we need for any given purpose. Our employees are all obliged to respect the confidentiality of your info. So are any third parties who provide services related to our information systems. We also make sure we delete or de-identify personal info when we no longer need it. We use a thorough process to assess the IT security of any suppliers who may hold or process your personal info on our behalf. We constantly review and update our security measures in line with current technologies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure. See "Storing and securing your data" below for more details. If you use our rental services, including rental property applications For these services and products, we may collect personal information to confirm your identity. That may include details from your: passport driver's license Health Care Card concession card. We will also collect any info you include in a rental application form, such as: contact details address history references salary information employment information date of birth emergency contact information. We only use this information to help you secure a rental property. For example, we will pass on your rental application to the property manager for a property that you’ve applied for, or we might recommend other, similar properties you may be interested in. The info you provide in a rental application is not used for any other purposes without your consent. If you use our Tenant Check product, we will also share your personal information with our service providers in order to provide you with a Tenant Check report. That Tenant Check report is then attached to any rental applications you choose so that property managers can review that detail. If you opt in to our utility connection service, or you submit an online rental application, we may share your information with third parties. In particular, we pass your details on to the real estate agent so they can assess your rental application. Then, if you’re successful and you’ve given us your consent, we may pass on your details to utility connection service providers to help you move in. These third parties may contact you directly about their offers, promotions, goods or services. Of course, we pass your application on to the agency leasing the property. Its agents are only permitted to use your personal information for that purpose. We delete the identification documents you provide as part of a rental application after 60 days. Then, if you have not edited, viewed or used your Renter Profile to submit an application in 18 months, we will delete all your information except your name and email address. That means we’ll delete your: cover letter Other Occupant details pet details income information employment details and references address history details and references emergency contact details utility connection preferences. If you apply for a home loan or contact a mortgage broker through our sites For these services, we may collect more information from you directly, such as your: bank account details age number of dependants and cohabitants length of time spent residing at your current address proof of earnings and expenses. To help you with, and to assess your application, we may also get personal information about you from: credit reporting bodies other credit providers existing or previous suppliers of goods or services your bank finance brokers accountants lawyers other similar businesses. We’ll collect information directly from you where we can. In some cases (for instance, if you apply for an insurance product), we’ll collect sensitive information such as your health details. We’ll only do this with your consent. We may also collect credit information about you. It’s used to assess your eligibility for a loan and may include: any outstanding loans that you have your repayment history in respect of those loans any defaults. Usually credit information is exchanged between credit and finance providers and credit reporting bodies. We might use your personal information to: verify your identity give you credit assistance give you information, help, guidance and advice about loan products or related services consider whether you’re eligible for a loan or lease or related services you ask for help you to prepare an application for a lease or a loan administer payments we receive or make that relate to your loan or lease prevent or investigate any actual or suspected fraud or crime. If you use any services in connection with Smartline.com.au or mortgagechoice.com.au, we may share your personal information with: prospective funders or intermediaries related to your finance needs third parties that help manage or administer your finance. That includes suppliers, printing services and call centres third parties that provide IT systems to us anybody who represents you, such as finance brokers, lawyers and accountants anybody you have given your consent for us to share it with anybody where such disclosure is required by law, for example, relevant anti-money laundering laws. If you’re a real estate agent or developer who advertises on our sites Some of the common cases when we might collect your personal information include: You register to use the websites or parts of them through an account. You log in to use our websites through your social networking site account. You subscribe to receive alerts or emails; fill in forms; create applications, such as a rental application; complete surveys or research; take part in promotions and competitions on our websites or those of our service providers. You use our services and any credit we provide in connection with those services. See our Credit Reporting Policy below for more details. The kinds of personal information we collect about you can include your: and any other information you share with us. We may also get personal information about you from: credit reporting bodies (see our Credit Reporting Policy below for more details) certain other businesses for the purposes of assessing your application. We use your information to: improve your security when you visit our websites present website content in the most effective way for you and your devices provide products and services you request create and maintain your accounts with us ensure you adhere to our contractual terms and conditions offer other products and services you may be interested in provide you with a better or more relevant service or product. For instance, we might help you save time by pre-filling a form with information you’ve already shared with us customise the services, experience, advertising and content you see on our, and our partners' websites combine with info we’ve collected from service providers, third parties, cookies or web beacons. We do this to give you a more relevant, personalised experience. It raises the quality of our services, and third-party services, too contact you to conduct research, and ask for feedback on our products, services or websites verify your identity and remind you of your credentials allow you to use interactive features of our service improve the quality and functionality of our products and services help meet our obligations. If you apply to us for credit, we may share your information with: Credit reporting bodies. We share your info to get credit reporting information about you, and for other permitted purposes. See our Credit Reporting Policy below for details. Other credit providers, existing or previous suppliers of goods or services, your bank and certain other businesses. We share your information so we can assess your application. Credit reporting policy We provide what’s called “commercial credit” (in the Privacy Act) to businesses who apply for credit to use our services. They include real estate agents, developers and business brokers, for example. We don’t provide any consumer credit. References to “you” and “your” in this credit reporting policy relate to people that we hold credit info, or credit eligibility info, about. How we collect and hold credit and credit eligibility information about you relates mainly to your credit-related dealings with us. It includes a range of info that credit reporting bodies (“CRBs”) may hold, such as credit scores and credit liability information. Credit information is mostly info we get from CRBs about your dealings with other credit providers. That includes financial institutions that provide loans, and other businesses that provide credit for their products or services. Credit eligibility information We might also collect these types of information from other third parties where the Privacy Act allows us to. For example, with your consent we might get info from other credit providers. The credit information and credit eligibility information we may collect includes: identification information such as your name, address, date of birth or employer consumer credit liability information about consumer credit accounts you hold with other credit providers details about information requests made to CRBs. This includes requests we, or other credit providers, make to assess credit applications, and details of the credit you’ve applied for default information. This is information about overdue consumer credit payments you owe. It’s info that other credit providers have shared with a CRB information about overdue repayments that you have paid infringement information about serious credit infringements related to consumer credit new arrangement information. This details credit-related agreements you have entered into with another credit provider relating to a consumer credit default or serious credit infringement court proceedings information about credit-related judgments personal insolvency information recorded in the National Personal Insolvency Index. This is info about bankruptcy and other insolvency-related matters publicly available information about activities relating to credit-worthiness. We may also derive credit-worthiness information, such as a credit risk score, from data we get from a CRB. How we use and share your credit and credit eligibility information We may share your credit information with CRBs. They may include it in credit reports that they issue to other credit providers to help them assess your credit-worthiness. For example, we may tell a CRB the type and amount of commercial credit you’ve applied for with us. We may also use and share your credit info for other purposes and in other circumstances allowed by the Privacy Act. See the Privacy Act for details. Our use and disclosure of credit eligibility information is regulated by provisions of Part IIIA of the Privacy Act and the Privacy (Credit Reporting) Code 2014 (Credit Reporting Privacy Code). We’ll only use or share this kind of info for permitted purposes, such as: to process your application for credit with us in relation to our services to manage the commercial credit we provide and collect overdue payments where a disclosure is required or authorised under an Australian law or a court or tribunal order. In some cases, the people with whom we share your credit or credit eligibility information may be based outside Australia. Accessing and correcting your credit and credit eligibility information See "Accessing and correcting your personal information" below for more details. Complaints regarding our compliance with credit reporting requirements To make a complaint about our compliance with Part IIIA of the Privacy Act, or with the Credit Reporting Privacy Code, contact our Privacy Officer: privacyofficer@rea-group.com If you do, we’ll write to you within seven days. We’ll acknowledge that we’ve received your complaint, and explain how we’ll deal with it. We aim to investigate and resolve complaints within 30 days, but we may need to contact a CRB or other credit provider to do that. So, if we need more than 30 days to resolve your complaint, we’ll tell you why, and ask you to agree to extend this period. Not satisfied with the way we handled your complaint? You can refer it to the Australian Financial Complaints Authority (AFCA). This is an accessible, independent and fair dispute resolution service. You can contact AFCA at 1800 931 678, online at afca.org.au, or write to them at: Australian Financial Complaints Authority Limited GPO Box 3 Melbourne VIC 3001. Changes to this policy We will update this policy from time to time. If a change we make may cause you material detriment, we'll give you 30 days' prior notice. You may terminate your agreement with us during this notice period. For other changes we make to the policy that won’t cause material detriment, we will give you at least 30 days’ written notice. We’ll do that through Agent Admin or, for Media customers, through the Media Centre. Visit Agent Admin Visit the Media Centre If you apply for a job at REA Group Ltd. If you apply for a job with us, we might collect your personal information. That’s true whether you apply directly to us, through a social networking site such as LinkedIn, or through your referees. We may also collect information about your employment and academic history. We may use that personal information to: consider you for the position you applied for, or any other positions that are, or become available respond to you about any future application you make to work with us contact your referees to get the info you’ve agreed to us collecting in order to consider you for a role with us. If you’re a shareholder of REA Group Ltd. REA Group may collect personal information about you if you: are a shareholder of REA Group Ltd. REA Group may collect personal info about you from third parties. That includes our share or share plan registrar, for example. subscribe to receive email alerts, ASX announcements, media releases and other news about REA Group through the REA Group website. REA Group and its service providers might collect information about your shareholdings, banking details and tax file numbers so we can pay dividends and other amounts. REA Group may also collect your personal information through our related businesses, our service providers and third parties. This helps us provide better or more relevant services and products to you. REA Group may use your personal information to: communicate with, and comply with REA Group’s legal obligations to its shareholders allow our service providers to manage REA Group’s share register and group employee share plan. Storing and securing your data How we store your data We store personal information we collect from you on our servers and in data centres in Australia, the United States of America, Europe and Asia. These data centres provide secure storage, back-up and data retrieval services. We transfer your data to them so we can deliver the products and services you’ve asked for. When you give us your personal info, you give us your consent to store that info outside of Australia for these purposes. We have robust policies and procedures in place to secure the storage and processing of data. We’ve verified the security arrangements of our outsourced data processors, too. With your consent, we may also share and store your personal information with service providers and other third parties outside Australia. We do that so they can deliver products or services you’ve asked for. That includes contacting you about those products or services. As these organisations are located outside Australia, they don’t have to comply with the Privacy Act. That means you won’t be able to seek any remedy under the Privacy Act in connection with the ways they use your information. How we secure your data We have internal controls to make sure we only collect the smallest amount of personal information that’s needed for any given purpose. Our employees are all obliged to respect the confidentiality of your information. So are any third parties who provide services related to our information systems. We also make sure we delete or de-identify personal information when we no longer need it. We use a thorough process to assess the IT security of any suppliers who may hold or process your personal information on our behalf. Data security for users from the European Economic Area If you access our websites from the European Economic Area, you may have more rights around how your Personal Data is handled. These rights exist under the General Data Protection Regulation, specifically Regulation 2016/679 (GDPR). In providing our services to you, we may monitor your activity on our websites using automated processes. We may do this to count usage of our websites and create audience profiles, for example. We also do it so we can provide you with more tailored services, like showing you more relevant properties. As well as the other rights set out in this Privacy Policy, in certain cases you may: ask to access Personal Data that we hold about you ask for a structured, electronic copy of the Personal Data you have given us ask that we update any inaccurate Personal Data that we hold about you ask that we restrict or suspend processing of Personal Data that we hold about you. For example, you might do this if you want to check its accuracy or our reason for processing it object to our processing of your Personal Data ask that we delete any Personal Data that we hold about you, unless we’re required to retain it by law withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Data. Once you’ve done this, we will no longer process your Personal Data, unless we’re required to do so by law. Any processing that took place before you withdrew your consent will remain lawful. Where your Personal Data is sent outside of the EEA, it will only be sent to: countries that have been identified as providing adequate protection for Personal Data a third party where we have approved transfer mechanisms in place to protect your Personal Data. We do this by entering into the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses, or ensuring the third party is Privacy Shield-certified (for transfers to US-based third parties). For more information or to exercise any of your rights as a European Economic Area data subject under the GDPR, contact us: How long we keep your data We only collect personal information for real, current purposes, not for possible future uses. And we only keep your personal info for as long as we need it. After that, we seek to destroy or permanently de-identify it. How long we keep your info depends on how sensitive it is: the more sensitive the information, the faster we destroy or de-identify it. So, for example, we keep personal identity documents for a short period of time. With more common, and potentially public information, such as your name and contact details, we’ll keep it for longer. To ask us to delete your personal information from our systems, contact us: Make a Data Deletion Request. Or, email privacyofficer@rea-group.com Controlling your personal information Controlling the personal information you share If you don’t want to share certain personal information with us, don’t. For example, if a form field is optional, and you don’t want to share the info it asks for, submit the form without it. Of course, often we’ll need your personal information to provide you with a service or product that you want. If you don’t share that info, you won’t be able to access the service. Curious as to how we store and secure your personal information? See the above section "Storing and securing your data" for details. Controlling cookies and other tools Our Cookie Policy explains how we use cookies and similar technologies. It also explains how you can manage your preferences around these tools. See our Cookie Policy. Opting out of personalised ads Opt out of personalised advertising. Log in to opt out across all your devices. Accessing and correcting your personal information You can see the personal information we hold about you, with a few exceptions according to the law. To request access to your personal info, contact us. We take all reasonable steps to make sure the information we hold about you is accurate. But what if you find some of that information is incorrect? Or if you want to review and confirm that the personal information we hold about you is right? In either case, contact us: Make a Data Access Request. Making a complaint We have a fair and responsible system for handling complaints. If you have any complaints, concerns or questions about your privacy, please contact our Privacy Officer: They will consider your query and work to respond to you promptly. You can get more information about protecting your privacy: Visit the office of the Australian Information Commissioner. Contact us We're here to support you! Check out our help centre for further assistance. You can also email: We show you more relevant advertising based on your activity. Prefer us not to? of personalisation. Personalised advertising: