 log in add meme new memes catalog trending channels WTF Animals Games Comic Video Sports iFunny Originals Wholesome Wednesday❤ © iFunny 2024 iFunny Inc. Privacy Policy Last Updated: August 14, 2023 We believe that you should always know what kind of data we collect from you, how we collect it, and how you can have control over your data. We strive to be transparent in our data collection efforts and to provide you with the data that you need to make decisions about our collection of data from you. This is the purpose of our privacy policy. There are certain things that you should be aware of when using our website and mobile applications. First, the iFunny website and mobile applications are publicly accessible and searchable to users and visitors around the world. This means that anything that you post to the iFunny website and mobile applications may be viewable by third parties. Second, since anything that you post to the iFunny website or mobile applications are tied to your user account, your postings may not be anonymous. If you prefer to protect your identity while using the iFunny website and mobile applications, we recommend that you use the service under a pseudonym. When you use the iFunny website and mobile applications, even if you are just browsing, we may collect some basic data from you such as the type of mobile device that you are using, your geographical location, and your IP address. If you choose to create a user account, you can choose to share additional data with us, which is outlined below. We also provide you with the ability to limit the data that we collect from you and how we use it. We also use your interactions with the iFunny website and mobile applications to show you more relevant content and to better understand how you interact with our service so that we can improve upon it. We may use your posts, comments, likes, shares, and mobile application activity to determine what kind of content you are interested in and to provide you with more of it and to improve upon our services. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, how we collect data from you, how we use your data, or how you can control your privacy settings, you can contact us at any time at . Definitions “Personal Data” means any information that is related to an identified or identifiable natural person (a “data subject”); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirect, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. “Sensitive Personal Data” means personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs; trade-union membership; genetic data, biometric data processed solely to identify a human being; health-related data; or data concerning a person’s sex life or sexual orientation. Personal Data You Share With Us We may collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily share it with us. This may include the following Personal Data: Account Data. You don’t have to create an account to use many of the iFunny website and mobile application features, such as viewing posts. If you do choose to create an account, however, you must provide us with some personal data so that we can provide you with the services that you have requested. This may include your username, password, email address, phone number, age, gender, contacts (when you invite friends from third party applications, such as Facebook or your mobile phone’s contacts application), and contact list. User-Generated Content. When you upload or submit content to the iFunny website or through the iFunny mobile application (“User-Generated Content”), we may use and publish your User-Generated Content to provide you and third parties with the iFunny website and mobile application services, to keep records of your communications or uploaded User-Generated Content on our services, to tailor content to your preferences, and to defend against legal claims. Public Data. Most of the information on the iFunny website and mobile applications is public. Most posts are public, the iFunny chat feature is public, and likes and comments are public. iFunny may use this public data to provide you with the services requested, to provide you with more relevant content, to tailor content to your preferences, to keep records of communications on our service, and to defend against legal claims. Private Communication Data. We may use your contact data, such as any data that you voluntarily provide to us like your phone number, email address, social media account handles, contacts, or contacts list, to authenticate your account, to communicate with you, to connect you with friends or other users, to invite your friends to iFunny’s services at your request, to respond to communications sent to you by us, to keep records of our communication, or to pursue or defend against legal claims. We may store and process your private communications and data related to them to scan for malicious content, to detect spam or prohibited images, to review content for violations of our terms of use agreement, or to respond to legal process or law enforcement inquiries. Sensitive Personal Data. We may use your sensitive personal information, such as the contents of your messages or text messages, to communicate with you, to connect you with friends or other users, and to respond to law enforcement requests, or to provide you with content that is relevant to your geographic location. Additional Personal Data We Receive From You We may also collect Personal Data from you automatically when you use the iFunny website or mobile applications. This may include the following Personal Data: Location Data. We may collect data about your location by collecting and processing your IP address and device settings. We may use this data to provide location-based services, tailor our services to your geographic location, respond to law enforcement requests, or to provide you with content that is relevant to your geographic location. Technical Data. We may collect technical data about your use of the iFunny website or mobile applications, such as your IP address, your device IDs, your IP address, the mobile application’s bundle ID, the ad or creative ID, your iFunny username, your phone number, pages visited, referring web page, your mobile phone model, mobile carrier, search terms, cookie data, your operating system, your geolocation, and your time zone. We may use this data to analyze your use of the iFunny website or mobile applications, to detect ad fraud or fraudulent impressions, to administer and secure our services, to determine how iFunny should allocate resources to its website or mobile applications, and to understand the technical load on iFunny’s servers. Usage and Interaction Data. We may collect usage and interaction data from you when you use the iFunny website or mobile applications, such as recordings or logs of user screens within the iFunny mobile application or of the manner in which you interact with iFunny’s website or mobile applications We may use this data to better tailor our services or to understand how we can improve our graphical user interfaces, which may include our remote configuration of the user interface of our mobile application to improve its functionality. Marketing Data. As a free service, we rely on advertisements to generate revenue to fund the iFunny website and mobile applications. We may collect your IP address, your application bundle ID, your advertising or creative ID, your iFunny user ID, your device IDs, your geographical location, your phone numbers, pages visited, referring web page, mobile phone model, search terms, cookie data, Google Advertising IDs, and Apple Advertising IDs. We may use your data to provide advertisements to you, to determine the relevance of advertisements, to measure the effectiveness of advertisements, to detect fraudulent advertisements or impressions, and to help make those advertisements more relevant to your preferences. When providing you with advertisements, we may transmit your personal data off of your device to third party advertisers so that they may serve relevant advertisements to you. Use of Cookies We may also collect Personal Data from you through the use of cookies and other technologies. This helps us understand how you use the iFunny website or mobile applications, serve you advertisements, and to understand any patterns that may be associated with your use of our services. This aids us in developing or improving our services in response to your needs or wants and in providing you with relevant offers from our advertisers. We may use session or persistent cookies. Session cookies are only stored on your computer or mobile device during your use of the Services and are automatically deleted when you close your web browser. Persistent cookies are stored as a file on your computer or mobile device that remain on your computer or mobile device even after you close your web browser. Persistent cookies can be read by the website that created the cookie when you revisit it again. We may use persistent cookies when we utilize Google Analytics or other analytics providers, which are intended to track the origin and behavior of traffic to the iFunny website and mobile applications. We may also, from time to time, receive Personal Data from third parties including analytics providers or advertising networks such as Google, Facebook, or Apple. We may use the following analytics providers, and you are directed to review their cookie policies: Marketing Communications We may send you marketing communications if you have asked us for information concerning our services or if you have agreed to, and have not opted out from, receiving marketing communications. You may ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into your account to adjust your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out link in any marketing message sent to you. In the event we sent you marketing text messages at your request, you may opt-out of receiving marketing text messages by texting STOP in response to any text message received from iFunny. Disclosure of Personal Data We only share or sell your Personal Data in limited circumstances. We may share, sell, or disclose your Personal Data with your consent or at your direction. We may also share or sell your Personal Data with certain third parties to aid us in operating the iFunny website or mobile applications. For example, we may share your Personal Data with third parties, such as analytics providers, to utilize their software tools and measure the effectiveness of our advertisements. We may also share or sell your Personal Data, such as device IDs, with third party advertisers to help them determine whether they should serve an ad to you. The Personal Data that we share with or sell to these third parties does not include your email address, name, phone number, or username, but it may include your geographical location. We may share Personal Data that we collect from you, such as your email (in hashed form), IP address, or information about your browser or operating system, with our identity partners/service providers, including LiveRamp Inc. LiveRamp returns an online identification code that we may store in our first-party cookie for our use in online, in-app, and cross-channel advertising and it may be shared with advertising companies to enable interest-based and targeted advertising. To opt-out of this use, please . We may also share your Personal Data with our accountants, auditors, insurers, or attorneys where doing so is necessary to protect the interests of iFunny, its employees or contractors, or to comply with any law or regulation. We may also share your Personal Data with government or law enforcement agencies when we are required to report our data processing activities, upon receipt of an exigent circumstances request, upon receipt of a duly authorized subpoena or court order, or where doing so is necessary to protect our users, our employees, our contractors, third parties, or property. Finally, we may share your Personal Data to a third party if we sell, transfer, or merge any part of our business or assets. In the event that we share your personal data in the sale, transfer, or merger of any part of our business or assets, this Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your Personal Data when transferred to the new entity. Management, Protection, and Retention of Your Personal Data For Citizens of Brazil If you have registered an account with us and are a Brazilian citizen, we provide you with account settings that let you modify, correct, or delete the Personal Data that you have provided to us that is associated with your account. Whether you are located outside the Brazilian territory or elsewhere, to stop our collection and use of your personal data, you need only to delete your account. If you have not registered an account with us, we only collect technical data from you. To stop our collection and use of your technical data, you need only cease using the iFunny website and uninstall the iFunny mobile applications. Funcorp Limited is located in the European Union. We may transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the European Union and outside the Brazilian territory, which may not offer the same level of protection. Many of our third-party service providers are located within the United States and their processing of Personal Data will involve an international transfer to several countries. We do our best to ensure a similar degree of security by transferring your Personal Data outside the Brazilian territory, complying with the requirements of the Law nº 13.709/2018 -Brazilian Data Protection Law (“Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais” or “LGPD”). We also put data security measures into place to protect your Personal Data. We allow access to your Personal Data only by employees and service providers who have a need to know or access your Personal Data on our instructions. We will notify you and any regulatory body of any breach of your Personal Data or our security measures if and when we are legally required to do so. We will only retain your Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected under this Privacy Policy or for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Subject’s Rights for Brazilian Citizens Article 18 of the LGPD provides the following rights: (i) confirmation of the existence of processing; (ii) access to data; (iii) correction of incomplete, inaccurate or out-of -date data; (iv) anonymization, blocking or deletion of unnecessary or excessive data or data processed in noncompliance with the Law; (v) portability of the data to another service provider or product provider; (vi) deletion of personal data processed with the consent of the data subject; (vii) information about public and private entities with which iFunny has shared data; (vii) information about the possibility of denying consent and the consequences of such denial; (viii) revocation of consent. To submit a request please email us at . You do not need to pay a fee to exercise your rights. We will apply our best efforts to briefly respond you in accordance with the deadlines established by LGPD. To confirm your request, we may need to request specific information from you as a security measure to ensure that Personal Data is not disclosed to an unauthorized third party. California Privacy Rights California residents have a right to request that we disclose what Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data we collect from you and whether, and how, we disclose, share, or sell that Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data. California residents may also request that we correct or delete any Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data collected or maintained by us from you. California residents may also have the right to opt out of the sharing or sale of their Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data upon request. We will only retain your Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is collected under this Privacy Policy or for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. California residents may opt out of the sharing or sale of their Personal Data by clicking a link or icon associated with an advertisement. Specifically, this link or icon may state “Do Not Sell My Personal Information,” “Do Not Share My Personal Information,” “Do Not Share My Info,” or “Do Not Sell My Info.” By selecting this link or icon, you “Opt Out,” which means that you have opted out of the sharing or sale of your Personal Data as set forth in the California Consumer Privacy Act. However, even though you may have opted out, you may still see interest-based advertisements. To learn more about interest-based advertising across websites and additional opt-out choices, you can visit . If you opt-out of the sharing or sale of your Personal Data but do not opt out of interest-based advertising more generally, you may still receive ads tailored to your interests based on Personal Data that was not shared or sold by us, Personal Data that was shared or sold to downstream participants at least 90 days before you opted out, or Personal Data that was shared or sold by other sources from which you have not opted out. California residents may opt out of having their Sensitive Personal Data used or disclosed for advertising or marketing. Sensitive Personal Data includes your precise geolocation and the contents of mail, email or text messages, unless the business is the intended recipient. To submit a request for a list of the categories of personal information collected from you or to request that iFunny correct or delete your personal information or sensitive personal information, please email us at or send a letter to our US-based legal counsel at the following address: iFunny Privacy Request c/o Revision Legal, PLLC 444 Cass St., Suite D Traverse City, MI 49684 United States of America To verify your request, we may request certain information from you to confirm that you are an iFunny user, such as your phone number, username, email address, city, state, or geographic location. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request to iFunny to disclose or delete your Personal Data. To do so, you must provide iFunny with proof that the individual or business has been appointed as your agent, such by providing a a signed power of attorney form, and provide accurate responses to any information requested by iFunny that may be necessary to confirm that you are an iFunny user, such as your phone number, username, email address, city, state, or geographic location. California residents have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by iFunny for their exercise of these rights conferred under California law. We collected the following categories of PII (A, B, D, E, and F) as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act within the last twelve months. Our uses of this PII are detailed above in this Privacy Notice: Contact Information If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, or if your personal information is not accurate or complete, please contact our Data Protection Officer at: Funcorp Limited . Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia Privacy Rights Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have a right to request that we disclose what Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data we collect from you and whether, and how, we disclose, share, or sell that Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data. Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia may also request that we correct or delete any Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data collected or maintained by us from you. European Union (GDPR) We are a member of and participate in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Policies and Specifications. We use our own private Consent Management Platform (CMP) registered with IAB Europe. To the extent that we transfer or store the Personal Data or Personal Sensitive Data of European citizens outside of the European Union, we adhere to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“DPF”) Principles, including the DPF’s Supplemental Principles, and comply with the Principles in handling all data from EU-citizens. We may be subject to the enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) in relation to our handling of user data. If you are a European citizen, you are entitled to certain rights regarding the protection of your Personal Data and Sensitive Personal Data, which are subject to limitations set forth in the EU GDPR and its applicable case law. These rights are: The right to access and correct the information that we processes about you; The right to transfer all or a part of the information collected about you to another data controller, where it is technically feasible; The right to the erasure of data concerning you, subject to our right of retention under the law; The right to object to the processing of Personal Data and Sensitive Personal Data where you dispute the accuracy of the data, the processing is not lawful, we no longer need the information for the purposes of processing, or you have raised an objection for personal reasons; The right to revoke your consent to data processing; The right to object to the processing of your Personal Data Sensitive Personal Data for marketing purposes; The right to object to the processing of Personal Data and Sensitive Personal Data for direct marketing or for personal reasons that arise from your particular situation; and The right to file a complaint with a data protection authority. To exercise these rights, contact Data Protection Officer at: You do not need to pay a fee to exercise these rights, however, Funcorp Limited reserves the right to charge a reasonable fee if your request is unreasonable or excessive. To confirm your request, we may need to request specific information from you as a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to an unauthorized third party. We will attempt to respond to all legitimate requests within thirty (30) days. For further information regarding your privacy rights as a citizen of the EU, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Website at and the DPF overview webpage at . You can find a list of DPF certified organizations here: . Beyond filing a complaint directly with us using the mechanisms described above, you may also file a complaint with a third-party, neutral arbitrator who will provide appropriate recourse free of charge. If you are looking for an alternative dispute settlement provider, please visit . JAMS is a US-based arbitration service provider. You are not required to use JAMS to arbitrate a dispute with us. As a citizen of the EU you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration against us, and we may be held liable in cases of onward data transfers to third parties as described more fully in DPF overview page linked above. We may be required to disclose Personal Data and Sensitive Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Third Party Links Our services may include links to third party websites and applications. By clicking on third party links, you may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party links and you are advised their respective privacy policies. Responding to Do Not Track Signals You can generally opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website. Our websites are not currently set up to respond to browser do-not-track signals, but you can configure your browser settings to reject all cookies or prompt you before a cookie is set. Notification of Changes in the Privacy Policy Subject to the application of your rights under the applicable legal provisions, we reserve the right to modify this Privacy Notice without notice in order to reflect technological developments, legislative and regulatory changes and good business practices. In the event that we change our Privacy Notice, an updated version of this Notice will reflect those changes and we will notify you of those changes by changing the effective date at the top of this Notice and other places that we deem appropriate. Children Prohibited Our services are not directed to, or open to, children under the age of 13. In using our services, you warrant that you are over the age of thirteen (13). If you are younger than 13, please do not use the iFunny website or mobile applications and please do not provide personal data to us. Global Operations You understand and agree that we may store and process your data on computers located outside of the Brazilian territory, including, but not limited to, in the United States and European Union. By using the iFunny website and mobile applications, you agree to the collection and processing of your data outside of the Brazilian territory.