The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. You waive your moral rights. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts.. This service holds onto content that you've deleted. The service can intervene in user disputes. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. This service can block or censor user communications. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. This service receives your percise location through GPS coordinates. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. The service has a no refund policy. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. The court of law governing the terms is in location Nicosia, Cyprus. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $100. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. This service is only available to users over a certain age. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. You waive your right to a class action.