PrivacySpy No results. Try another query.  In no event shall PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.) or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.)'s website, even if PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.) or a PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.) authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. The materials appearing on PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.)'s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.) does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or current. PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.) may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However, PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.) does not make any commitment to update the materials. PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.) has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.) of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk. PrivacySpy (Politiwatch, Inc.) may revise these terms of service for its website at any time, though users will be notified of any substantial modifications. By using this website, you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service. These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York, and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location. We only ask for personal information when we truly need it; for example, when corresponding via email and when interacting with contributors. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we're collecting it and how it will be used. We collect the following data: We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we'll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We don't share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by a subpoena or valid court order, or when you explicitly publish that information yourself. We do not collect any personal information except that which you give yourself to the site; however, we will nonetheless make a best-effort attempt to respect Do Not Track (DNT) browser requests. Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies. You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services. If we learn of a data breach, we will notify all affected users within 72 hours of discovery. To ensure security, all our data is encrypted at rest and in transit. We do not store the personal information of any of our visitors, and it is not possible to sign up for an account. Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If we modify this privacy policy in any significant way, we will notify all users via email. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.