 Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . There is a date of the last update of the terms. You can opt out of targeted advertising. The court of law governing the terms is in location British Virgin Islands. . This service does not sell your personal data. Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service. You can opt out of promotional communications. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection.. Tracking via advertising identifiers. You must create an account to use this service. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect. This service is only available to users of a certain age. The user is informed about security practices. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics. Third parties are involved in operating the service. The terms for this service are easy to read. This service offers an anonymous payment method. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data. Information is gathered about you through third parties. Many third parties are involved in operating the service (Google, Stripe, Cloudflare, Zendesk). You can delete your content from this service. Your data is processed and stored in a country that is friendlier to user privacy protection. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users.. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header.. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes. Only necessary user logs are kept by the service to ensure quality