 United Kingdom Free Trial ON SALE 020 7084 1810 Call Us Call our award-winning sales & support team 24/7 Global Directory Help Sign In Registered Users Have an account? Sign in now. New Customer New to GoDaddy? Create an account to get started today. INBOX LINKS Checkout Now GoDaddy - Global Privacy Notice Last Revised: 30/11/2023 GoDaddy empowers entrepreneurs everywhere, making opportunity more inclusive for all. We also empower you to manage your privacy preferences and exercise your privacy rights when visiting our website, using our services, and communicating with us. As described below, This Global Privacy Notice describes our core privacy practices and applies to all individuals regardless of where they live. The laws in some places where we do business also require customized local privacy notices, which you can access through the following links: We encourage you to review your local customized notice if you live in one of these areas. This global privacy notice covers personally identifiable information (PII) when we act as the data controller. PII identifies or could be used to identify a specific person, and any data about that person. For example, your name, address, and payment details are PII. We act as a controller when we process PII for our own use. For example, we act as a controller when you provide your PII to open an account. This notice does not apply when you process PII for your own benefit. For example, when you send email for your business purposes that includes PII, you are acting as the “controller”. When you act as the controller, we act as the “processor” and process PII only in accordance with your instructions or as required by law. This notice also does not apply to third-party applications offered through our services or linked through our website, such as Microsoft 365 and similar offerings. Please review the privacy notice of any third-party service or website before using it. This global privacy notice covers personally identifiable information (PII) when we act as the data controller. This notice does not apply when you process PII for your own benefit. For example, when you send email for your business purposes that includes PII, you are acting as the “controller”. When you act as the controller, we act as the “processor” and process PII only in accordance with your instructions or as required by law. This notice also does not apply to third-party applications offered through our services or linked through our website, such as Microsoft 365 and similar offerings. Please review the privacy notice of any third-party service or website before using it. We recognize several core privacy rights: the right to know what PII we hold about you the right to access, correct, or delete your PII the right to transfer your PII (data portability) the right to set your marketing and advertising preferences We promptly review requests to exercise privacy rights. If we need more information to process your request, we will contact you by email or, if we do not have an email address on file for you, by the same method you made your request. If we do not honor your request for legal or other reasons, we will explain why we did not honor your request, your right to appeal, and your right to file a complaint (if available where you live). We recognize several core privacy rights: We promptly review requests to exercise privacy rights. If we need more information to process your request, we will contact you by email or, if we do not have an email address on file for you, by the same method you made your request. If we do not honor your request for legal or other reasons, we will explain why we did not honor your request, your right to appeal, and your right to file a complaint (if available where you live). PII You ProvideWe collect PII when you set up an account, use our services, or contact us. Examples of PII we may collect from you include your name, email, phone number, address, and payment method. PII We Collect AutomaticallyWe collect PII automatically when you visit our websites, use our services, contact us, open our emails, or view our advertising. Examples of PII we may collect include your device ID, your IP address, information about web pages and other websites you visit, and other similar details. PII from Other SourcesWe may collect PII about you from other sources. Examples of PII obtained from other sources include publicly available data, social media information, and information lawfully gathered by third party data providers. PII We GenerateWe process data in connection with our business and services to generate inferences and insights that may be linked to you or your account. PII You ProvideWe collect PII when you set up an account, use our services, or contact us. Examples of PII we may collect from you include your name, email, phone number, address, and payment method. PII We Collect AutomaticallyWe collect PII automatically when you visit our websites, use our services, contact us, open our emails, or view our advertising. Examples of PII we may collect include your device ID, your IP address, information about web pages and other websites you visit, and other similar details. PII from Other SourcesWe may collect PII about you from other sources. Examples of PII obtained from other sources include publicly available data, social media information, and information lawfully gathered by third party data providers. PII We GenerateWe process data in connection with our business and services to generate inferences and insights that may be linked to you or your account. We use PII to operate our business and provide services. Examples of how we use PII include: Managing accounts Processing purchase requests Registering domains you purchase Provisioning products and services you have requested or may be interested in using Providing customer support Securing, updating, and improving our services Detecting fraud and other illegal activity Customized marketing and personalized advertising of our services Contacting you by telephone, text or messaging applications to offer you services Website traffic measurement Other uses consistent with the purposes for which the PII was collected or that have been authorized by you We use PII to operate our business and provide services. Examples of how we use PII include: We do not sell PII. We disclose PII: to processors to operate our business and deliver services, including but not limited to providing security services, payment processing and customer support; conducting contests and surveys; and performing other activities related to our business and services. to business partners to offer some services, such as email and payment processing. to marketers and advertisers who create personalized marketing and advertising messages. to comply with law enforcement and other legal requests, protect our legal rights, prevent harm to us or others, and enforce our policies and contracts. if we sell some or all of our assets or merge with a third-party we may transfer relevant PII to the buyer or new company. We disclose PII: Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Tools We use three main “identifiers” on our website and in our services: cookies, web beacons, and scripts. Cookies are text files placed on your device when you visit our webpages or view messages from us. Some cookies are “session cookies” that expire at the end of your browser session, while others are “persistent cookies” that allow us to remember your preferences and settings over multiple visits and across other websites. Web Beacons are image files placed in our web pages and emails. Scripts are small pieces of computer code that power customer service tools, deliver video, and provide interactive experiences. We also use scripts for measuring service use. We manage some identifiers directly. Other identifiers are managed by third parties. For example, we use Google Analytics to monitor site performance and visitor engagement. We use identifiers to provide customized services, measure website performance, provide customer support, and deliver personalized advertising. Examples of how we use identifiers include, but are not limited to: Setting your service preferences Managing your shopping cart Guarding against fraud Delivering relevant advertisements Measuring website use Conducting research to improve our services We use three main “identifiers” on our website and in our services: cookies, web beacons, and scripts. We manage some identifiers directly. Other identifiers are managed by third parties. For example, we use Google Analytics to monitor site performance and visitor engagement. We use identifiers to provide customized services, measure website performance, provide customer support, and deliver personalized advertising. Examples of how we use identifiers include, but are not limited to: Some web browsers provide a “Do Not Track” feature. There are no generally accepted standards for this feature and we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals. We also do not recognize any universal opt-out mechanism, such as the Global Privacy Control, which is still under development. Some web browsers provide a “Do Not Track” feature. There are no generally accepted standards for this feature and we do not respond to “Do Not Track” signals. We also do not recognize any universal opt-out mechanism, such as the Global Privacy Control, which is still under development. You can manage your marketing and advertising preferences, including whether you wish to receive customized marketing and advertising: We store PII on our own systems and with trusted service providers, including Amazon Web Services. We transfer PII internationally to operate our business and provide services. We comply with applicable law when making international transfers. We retain PII for our business needs and to comply with law. If we no longer need PII, we may delete it or de-identify it so that it no longer identifies a specific person. Factors we consider when deciding when to delete or de-identify your PII include: (1) if you still have an account, (2) if we are required to retain PII to comply with law, or (3) if the PII is needed for tax other business purposes. We use risk-based measures to protect PII, including appropriate security controls and employee training. We also require that our service providers, business partners, and advertisers use appropriate risk-based controls to protect PII. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. We do not provide any financial incentives for providing PII to us. We may revise this Global Privacy Notice by posting a revised statement at the same location as this Notice or on another location on our website. If we change this Notice, it will apply to personal data collected prior to adoption of the new statement only to the extent as the new statement does not reduce the rights of affected data subjects. Contact Us If you have any questions, you can contact us at privacy@godaddy.com or by mail at: United States: Attn: Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 2155 E. GoDaddy Way, Tempe, AZ 85284 USA United Kingdom: Attn: Legal, Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 5th Floor, The Shipping Building, Old Vinyl Factory, 252-254 Blyth Road, Hayes, UB3 1HA. European Union (EEA) / Switzerland: Attn: Legal, Office of the Data Privacy Officer, GoDaddy c/o WeWork, Friesenplatz 4, 50672 Köln, Germany Asia: Attn: Office of the Data Privacy Officer, 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898 We respond to all questions or concerns within 30 days. If you have any questions, you can contact us at privacy@godaddy.com or by mail at: We respond to all questions or concerns within 30 days. Need help? Call our award-winning support team at 020 7084 1810 Legal Agreements Privacy Policy Prices exclude tax. ICANN fees included. About GoDaddy About Us Careers GoDaddy Blog Investor Relations Newsroom Trust Center Support Product Support Community Report Abuse Resources Webmail WHOIS ICANN Confirmation Venture Forward: Microbusiness Data Designers & Developers Corporate Domains Redeem Code Product Catalog Business Name Generator Partner Programs Affiliates Reseller Programs GoDaddy Pro Account My Products Renewals & Billing Create Account Shopping Buy a Domain Websites WordPress Hosting Web Security Email & Office United Kingdom - English Choose your Country/Region GBP £GBP £USD $AED AEDAUD $CAD C$CHF CHFCLP $CNY ¥COP $DKK krEUR €HKD HK$IDR RpILS ₪INR ₹JPY ¥MXN MXNMYR RMNZD $PEN S/PHP ₱PKR ₨SAR SARSEK krSGD SG$THB ฿TWD NT$ZAR R GBP £ GBP £USD $AED AEDAUD $CAD C$CHF CHFCLP $CNY ¥COP $DKK krEUR €HKD HK$IDR RpILS ₪INR ₹JPY ¥MXN MXNMYR RMNZD $PEN S/PHP ₱PKR ₨SAR SARSEK krSGD SG$THB ฿TWD NT$ZAR R Cookies Copyright © 1999 - 2023 GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC. All Rights Reserved. The GoDaddy word mark is a registered trademark of GoDaddy Operating Company, LLC in the US and other countries. The “GO” logo is a registered trademark of GoDaddy.com, LLC in the US.