Privacy Policy 🪪 Techlore, Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of its users. Like everything we do, we've designed this policy to be simple and accessible to all. Unless otherwise indicated, it is applicable to any website that references the policy. “Service” refers to our services which can be accessed on our website at https://www.techlore.tech. The terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Techlore, Inc. “You” refers to you, as a user of our services. By accessing our website & Services, you accept our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Each time you visit our website, or use the Service, and any time you voluntarily provide us with information, you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of the information that you provide. Our Goal Is To Not Know Who You Are We do not sell, trade, rent or share your Personal Information we collect with third parties. Period. Your data stays with us and only us. In rare scenarios, a third-party may be involved in handling your information to provide a Service. Generally, these third-parties will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the required services. We always attempt to offer safer alternatives to users when available. It's important to mention certain third-party service providers, such as payment processors, have their own privacy policies we have no control over. We recommend you read their privacy policies so that you can understand the manner in which your Personal Information will be handled by such providers. We aim to offer more private alternatives to users when the option is available. In regards to how your information is used, the answer is simply to perform the Service you require. Unlike most companies, we don't have anything to gain from your data. We do not sell, trade, rent or share your Personal Information we collect with third parties. Period. Your data stays with us and only us. In regards to how your information is used, the answer is simply to perform the Service you require. Unlike most companies, we don't have anything to gain from your data. We implement strong precautions to protect your Personal Information to our best ability. While we cannot guarantee your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by a breach of such precautions, we are doing everything in our power to prevent it from happening. By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to this risk. By using our Service, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to this risk. As part of our Service, we may provide links to other websites or applications. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those websites or the information or content they contain. We are doing our best to educate users and make improvements where we can to offer the best privacy - but we aren't perfect and neither are our selections. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them. If you dislike a site we reference or utilize - don't use it. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of other websites before proceeding to use them. If you dislike a site we reference or utilize - don't use it. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time. If we change this Privacy Policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. It is your sole responsibility to check this website to view any such changes to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any changes, if and when such changes may be made to this Privacy Policy, you must cease access to this website. Based upon the Personal Information that you provide us, we may communicate with you in response to your inquiries to provide the services you request. We will communicate with you by email in accordance with your wishes. If you would like to opt out and/or have all data we hold tied to you deleted, send a request to contact@techlore.tech If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices of this Site, please contact us by sending an email to contact@techlore.tech Last Updated: This Privacy Policy was last updated on Tue June 06 2023. 