EN  Privacy Policy Welcome to alibabagroup.com! We fully understand the importance of personal information to you, and your trust is very important to us. We will take appropriate security measures in strict compliance with laws and regulations to protect the security of your personal information. This Privacy Policy includes the terms under which we collect, use, share, store and protect your personal information. Through this Privacy Policy, we would like to provide you with a clear picture of how we process your personal information, therefore we recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in its entirety so that you can better make the appropriate choices. Alibaba (China) Co., Ltd. (“Alibaba”, “we”, “us” or “our”) applies this Privacy Policy to the use of the website [www.alibabagroup.com] (the “Website”), and this Privacy Policy does not cover those associated websites that have independent privacy policies. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information collected through the Website or provided directly by users, but does not cover any personal or non-personal information collected through other websites (including the websites of our affiliates).If you use any product or service provided by Alibaba or its affiliates, and would like to know how your related personal information is processed, please refer to the privacy policy applicable to such product or service. In your using the Website, we need or may need to collect and use your personal information, which includes: 1.Information you provide to us. That certain information you fill out and/ or submit, including but not limited to name, phone number, fax number, email address, address, employer, user type, postal code, city, country, inquiry type, inquiry details, and service category, when you submit an inquiry to us, subscribe to the sharing of our latest public information or request a hard copy of our annual report on the “Investor Relations” or “News and Resources” page of the Website, or contact us using the contact information set forth in this Privacy Policy. Such information will be used only to contact you and solve and answer your questions, or to provide you with the services you have subscribed to, or to send you a hard copy of our annual report upon your request, and will be used for no other purpose. 1. Information you provide to us. That certain information you fill out and/ or submit, including but not limited to name, phone number, fax number, email address, address, employer, user type, postal code, city, country, inquiry type, inquiry details, and service category, when you submit an inquiry to us, subscribe to the sharing of our latest public information or request a hard copy of our annual report on the “Investor Relations” or “News and Resources” page of the Website, or contact us using the contact information set forth in this Privacy Policy. Such information will be used only to contact you and solve and answer your questions, or to provide you with the services you have subscribed to, or to send you a hard copy of our annual report upon your request, and will be used for no other purpose. 2. Information collected in your using the Website. In order to optimize the visiting experience and page performance, to perform visiting statistics on website usage, and to prevent and detect acts that endanger cybersecurity, we will record your browser and device information when you use the Website, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, visiting date and time, and hardware and software characteristics information. 2. Information collected in your using the Website. In order to optimize the visiting experience and page performance, to perform visiting statistics on website usage, and to prevent and detect acts that endanger cybersecurity, we will record your browser and device information when you use the Website, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, visiting date and time, and hardware and software characteristics information. III. CookiesCookies and other similar device information identification technologies are commonly used on the Internet. When you use the Website, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more Cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter, each, a “Cookie”, and collectively, the “Cookies”) to your device to collect, identify and store the information in connection with your visit to, and use of, the Website. We undertake that we will not use Cookies for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy. We use Cookies primarily to ensure the secure and efficient operation of the Website, to enable us to confirm the security status of your use of the Website, and to detect such unusual conditions as crashes and delays. We will collect such information only if you voluntarily give your consent thereto, and you have the right to choose whether or not to accept Cookies. If you need to choose to accept or decline Cookies, please click on the pop-up banner at the bottom of the page when you first visit the Website; if you choose to decline the installation of Cookies, some features of the Website may then not function properly.Most browsers provide users with the function to remove their browser cache data, and you may perform the appropriate removal of data, or you may modify your acceptance of Cookies or reject our Cookies. You may not be able to use Cookies-dependent services or corresponding functions due to such modifications. Cookies and other similar device information identification technologies are commonly used on the Internet. When you use the Website, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more Cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter, each, a “Cookie”, and collectively, the “Cookies”) to your device to collect, identify and store the information in connection with your visit to, and use of, the Website. We undertake that we will not use Cookies for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy. We use Cookies primarily to ensure the secure and efficient operation of the Website, to enable us to confirm the security status of your use of the Website, and to detect such unusual conditions as crashes and delays. We will collect such information only if you voluntarily give your consent thereto, and you have the right to choose whether or not to accept Cookies. If you need to choose to accept or decline Cookies, please click on the pop-up banner at the bottom of the page when you first visit the Website; if you choose to decline the installation of Cookies, some features of the Website may then not function properly.Most browsers provide users with the function to remove their browser cache data, and you may perform the appropriate removal of data, or you may modify your acceptance of Cookies or reject our Cookies. You may not be able to use Cookies-dependent services or corresponding functions due to such modifications. We will not share your personal information with outside parties, except in any of the following circumstances: (1) We may share your personal information with our affiliates when we, at your request, render services, or respond to or process your inquiries, or help resolve your problems; provided that we will only share personal information that is necessary, subject to the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. (2) We may disclose your personal information by operation of law to relevant law enforcement authorities or other government authorities as required by applicable law or in response to legal process. (3) We may also disclose your personal information when we need to investigate or prevent or take other action regarding any actual or suspected illegal activity or other misconduct, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others. (4) Sharing with your consent. We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law. We use AliCloud to provide information storage services for the Website, and your personal information will be processed using our servers located in the People’s Republic of China. We have taken reasonable and practicable security measures, consistent with industry standards, to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss. For example, we use encryption technology to enhance the security of personal information, and the exchange of data between your browser and the server is protected by SSL protocol encryption, and we provide secure browsing using HTTPS protocol; we use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on personal information; and we deploy access control mechanisms to endeavor to ensure that only authorized persons have access to personal information. The Website may contain links to other websites, which may be owned or operated by third parties and/or their affiliates who may collect personal information from you and who may locate in and whose servers may be located in the People’s Republic of China, the United States of America or other countries/regions. We have no control over and are not responsible for the privacy policies and data protection policies of any such third parties and their affiliates. We strongly recommend that you review the privacy policies and data protection policies of all such third parties and their affiliates to understand how they would process the personal information they may collect from you. The Privacy Policy of the Website may be updated regularly, and the date of the last update will be indicated on this page. We strongly recommend that you visit this page from time to time to check for any updates or changes to the Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of the updates to our Privacy Policy. The services of the Website are provided primarily to users who have reached the age of legal majority. If you are a minor, you are required to ask your parent or other guardian to read this Policy carefully, and to use our services or provide information to us with the consent of your parent or other guardian. Follow Us 浙公网安备 33010002000070号 About Us ESG Investor Relations News and Resources Careers Contact Us FAQs