The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. No guarantee is given regarding quality. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . Your use is throttled. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future. This service can use your content for all their existing and future services. Your content can be licensed to third parties. Alternative accounts are not allowed. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Content you post may be edited by the service for any reason. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. You are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses that may incur by downloading materials. You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (China). You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users