DNS lookup Privacy policy In this policy, you can read how we collect and use your information. It also describes how we use cookies. How we collect and use information We collect and use information in order to provide you the services of NsLookup.io. Unless stated otherwise, we do not process or store your IP address or any other personally identifiable information. Here are all the ways in which we collect and use your information: In order to serve the web pages you request, we process — but do not store — your . Serving requests IP address When we encounter an issue while serving the web page that you have requested, we may store the of that request with our supplier . This data is not linked to you, and is retained for 90 days. Diagnosing issues date, time and query In order to observe the function of NsLookup, we log some of . This data is not linked to you, and is handled and retained for 7 days by our logging partner . Logging the web pages you request We may count the number of queries originating from your to enforce our . This data is retained for up to 1 hour. Preventing abuse We processes . Your IP address will not be stored. Analyzing web traffic the pages you request, as well as your IP address Third party vendors and subcontractors, including , will process personally identifiable information to show personalized advertisements. If you live in a region that requires consent, then this data will only be processed if you have given consent. Serving ads When you , you can provide your . If you do, they will be sent to us by email, in order for us to reply to you. Contacting us name and email address Cookies If you have given consent, then third party vendors, including NitroPay, use cookies to personalize advertisements and track usage. You can update your consent . Safeguards NsLookup follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the information in NsLookup's possession. What choices do I have? Our partner NitroPay automatically detect which legislation applies to you. Depending on this, we'll show you links here to exercise your rights: GDPR: CCPA: Changes and questions We may revise this policy from time to time. The changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of this policy will govern our relationship with you. By continuing to access or use NsLookup.io after those revisions become effective, you agree to the revised policy. If you have any questions or feedback regarding this privacy policy, you may . © 2023 DNS tools We're sorry but frontend doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.