DNS lookup Terms and conditions These Terms of Service ("") govern your access to and use of the NsLookup.io website and services (""). Please read these Terms carefully, and if you have questions or feedback. By accessing or using our Products, you agree to be bound by these Terms and by our . Terms Products Acceptable use These Terms grant you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use our Products. You must not: Access our Products through scripts or other means of automation. Scrape our Products. Reverse-engineer or otherwise attempt to steal the software code of our Products. Please sign up for our instead. Liability NsLookup will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, consequential or exemplary damages or loss of any kind arising from your use of the Products. Our goal is to provide correct information, but NsLookup cannot guarantee, now will it be liable for the correctness of the content of its Products. NsLookup shall use reasonable efforts to protect personal information submitted by you in connection with the Products and shall use such information in accordance with the privacy policy. Intellectual property rights The Products and all of their contents, features, and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are owned by NsLookup, its licensors, or other providers of such material and are protected by international copyright and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. Advertising content The Products may present advertisements for or links to third party websites, products, and/or services (""). We are not responsible for the availability of these Third Party Ads, or the images, messages, or other materials contained therein. Neither NsLookup nor any of its affiliates will be liable for any errors in content or omissions in any Third Party Ads, nor responsible for any losses or damages of any sort incurred as a result of your participation with, use of, or reliance on the Third Party Ads, including any goods, products, or services offered by such Third Party Ads. Third Party Ads Termination You're free to stop using our Products at any time. We also reserve the right to suspend or end the Products at any time at our discretion and without notice. For example, we may suspend or terminate your use of the Products if you're not complying with these Terms. Modifications We may revise these Terms from time to time. The changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of the Terms will govern our relationship with you. By continuing to access or use our Products after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. Questions regarding these terms If you have any questions or feedback regarding these Terms, you may . © 2023 DNS tools We're sorry but frontend doesn't work properly without JavaScript enabled. Please enable it to continue.