By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law. You must be at least 13 years of age in order to access this website. By using this website and by agreeing to these terms and conditions, you agree that you are of at least 13 years of age. The materials on Toyhouse are provided "as is". Toyhouse makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Toyhouse does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site. The materials appearing on Toyhouse could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Toyhouse does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Toyhouse may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Toyhouse does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials. User content (as defined below) is provided by, and is solely the responsibility of, the user who has submitted that content. Toyhouse does not undertake to comprehensively monitor the submission of user content to this website, nor do we take responsibility for content that is submitted to this website or what effects it may have on you. In no event shall Toyhouse or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on the Toyhouse website, even if Toyhouse or a Toyhouse authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. In order to use parts of Toyhouse services, you will be required to create a user account. You agree to provide Toyhouse with accurate and complete information for registration. It is your responsibility to ensure that your password credentials are kept confidential and to inform Toyhouse if you have reason to believe your account has been compromised. Toyhouse may disable your user account at our discretion without notice or explanation and regardless of your conduct or submitted content. Users may purchase premium subscriber privileges which will be attached to an individual user account. This is a paid service provided by Toyhouse. Toyhouse reserves the right to alter or remove this paid service or any privileges associated with this paid service. Purchases of paid services are final and non-refundable, except at Toyhouse's sole discretion. Termination of your user account may result in forfeiture of these paid services. "User content" refers to any materials including without limitation text, images, audio, video and audio-visual material that is submitted by a Toyhouse user. For the sole purpose of making your content available on Toyhouse, you grant to Toyhouse a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicenseable, transferable license to use, reproduce, adapt and distribute any user content that you submit to the site. Toyhouse does not claim ownership over any user content submitted to the site. Any submitted user content must not be illegal in nature and must not give rise to legal action whether against you, Toyhouse, or a third party (under any applicable law). Toyhouse reserves the right to remove any user content at our discretion. Toyhouse has not reviewed all of the sites linked to and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Toyhouse of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk. Toyhouse may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use. 3521 Users Online 4:59 pm © cyancrows 2017 3521 Users Online 4:59 pm © cyancrows 2017 ×  Username Password