 Toggle sidebar Search English Create account Log in Dark mode learn more Contributions Talk Main page Recent changes Random page Request a wiki Request import Request features on a wiki Request to reopen a wiki Requests for Comment Community noticeboard Stewards' noticeboard Meta Administrators' noticeboard Meta Community portal Help center Discover wikis FAQ Donate to Miraheze What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Get shortened URL Cite this page On this Meta the language links are at the top of the page across from the article title. . CentralNotice Terms of Use Page Discussion Read View source View history From Miraheze Meta, Miraheze's central coordination wiki NewPP limit report Parsed by mw143 Cached time: 20240107045721 Cache expiry: 604800 Reduced expiry: false Complications: [no‐toc‐conversion] CPU time usage: 0.293 seconds Real time usage: 0.546 seconds Preprocessor visited node count: 426/1000000 Post‐expand include size: 2814/2097152 bytes Template argument size: 100/2097152 bytes Highest expansion depth: 15/100 Expensive parser function count: 2/125 Unstrip recursion depth: 0/20 Unstrip post‐expand size: 12626/5000000 bytes Lua time usage: 0.040/10.000 seconds Lua memory usage: 796720/52428800 bytes Transclusion expansion time report (%,ms,calls,template) 100.00% 467.176 1 -total 36.48% 170.437 1 Template:Foundation_policy 34.57% 161.492 1 Template:Mbox 15.97% 74.609 1 Template:Shortcut 10.37% 48.427 1 Template:Zh_other 6.74% 31.498 1 Template:Shortcut_caption/en 4.89% 22.855 1 Template:BCP47 2.74% 12.801 1 Template:TNTN 2.46% 11.500 1 Template:Dir 1.89% 8.848 4 Template:CURRENTCONTENTLANGUAGE Saved in parser cache with key metawiki:pcache:idhash:3209-0!canonical and timestamp 20240107045720 and revision id 357630. Rendering was triggered because: page-view and can only be modified by the Board of Directors. In the event of any differences in meaning between the original English version and a translation, This page documents an the takes precedence. Other languages: : ToU Effective Date of this policy: this policy became effective on 1 January, 2017. The last change was made on 13 February, 2022. By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law. By requesting and using a Wiki provided by Miraheze, you agree to not host any content where you do not hold the explicit permission of the copyright holder to use the content or are otherwise legally entitled to use the content. This applies equally to private and public Wikis. In the event of unauthorised copyrighted material being found, you may report the contents to us via tsmiraheze.org. Under Section 96 of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988, the enforcement action and liability lie with the copyright holder. Miraheze holds no requirement to act on copyright requests except by requests of the copyright holder. In the interest of protecting creative rights, Miraheze will act on complaints if it deems there to be an unreasonable or unacceptable delay in handling of non-legal requests. You agree to read and accept Miraheze's . The materials on Miraheze's web site are provided "as is". Miraheze makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Miraheze does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site. In no event shall Miraheze or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Miraheze's Internet site, even if Miraheze or a Miraheze authorised representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. The materials appearing on Miraheze's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Miraheze does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Miraheze or its users may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Miraheze does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials. Under no circumstances are you permitted to submit information to Miraheze which is illegal to display, distribute, or disseminate in the United Kingdom. Miraheze may modify, restrict, or prohibit your access to Miraheze services and Wikis at any time under Miraheze's sole discretion. Common reasons include: Sending enough requests to Miraheze servers to degrade the service of others; or Conducting any activity on Miraheze which is illegal in the United Kingdom; or Excessive violation of this or other Miraheze policies; Wikis hosted by Miraheze may modify, restrict, or prohibit your access to their respective Wikis under their respective policies. This section applies to people who run or manage Wikis hosted on the Miraheze service, or have applied to do so. These people are typically called "bureaucrats", "sysops", or "administrators", but herein refers to anyone who holds a similarly privileged role on a Wiki. Miraheze may, at its discretion, provide you with a Wiki with in which you can place content. You agree that these Terms create no obligation to continue service for your Wiki. You also understand that donation to Miraheze does not imply an in-kind contract to provide service. You agree to let Miraheze personnel access your Wiki's content, change your Wiki's configuration, and remove or modify content in violation of Miraheze policy, for the purpose of providing service and subject to our . If you create or administrate a wiki on Miraheze, you are expected to ensure that your wiki is in compliance with the . You acknowledge that wikis that repeatedly violate this policy are subject to suspension, removal, and/or deletion by Miraheze. As part of your service, you may request that Miraheze install additional extensions to the Mediawiki software to alter your Wiki's functionality. Miraheze will review the extensions to ensure that they are appropriate for our overall security and will function within our technical limits. Miraheze is not responsible for any data loss occurring as the result of extensions or software customization requested by users, and you agree not to hold Miraheze or its agents liable for any damages resulting in the use of these extensions. Any customization you make to your wiki must comply with Miraheze's . If the administrative staff of a wiki wishes to leave Miraheze and terminate hosting, or if a wiki is removed from service, Miraheze will provide data dumps of a wiki's content. These content archives will be maintained as long as it is legally, financially, or technically feasible to do so, at Miraheze's discretion. Miraheze may also permanently delete wiki content at the request of its administrators. You agree that any wiki you create is subject to our , and may be deleted due to inactivity. Any disputes and complaints between you and Miraheze are under the exclusive jurisdiction of courts located within England and Wales. Miraheze may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without prior notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.