EN Your account Help Legal Policies and Notices Last Updated: October 19, 2023 1. THE SERVICE Amazon Prime Video (the "Service") is a personalized service that offers, recommends and helps you discover digital movies, television shows and other video content (collectively, "Digital Content") and other services as provided in this Agreement. There are several ways to access the Service and Digital Content, including through Amazon Prime and your use of other Prime benefits and Amazon services are governed by separate terms made available in the apps, websites or devices you use to access those services. If you are under 18 years of age, or the age of majority in your location, you may use the Service only with involvement of a parent or guardian. We personalize content and features as part of the Services, including showing you recommendations on Digital Content, features and services that might be of interest to you. We also endeavor to continuously improve the Amazon devices and services and your experience with them. Amazon Prime Video (the "Service") is a personalized service that offers, recommends and helps you discover digital movies, television shows and other video content (collectively, "Digital Content") and other services as provided in this Agreement. There are several ways to access the Service and Digital Content, including through Amazon Prime and your use of other Prime benefits and Amazon services are governed by separate terms made available in the apps, websites or devices you use to access those services. If you are under 18 years of age, or the age of majority in your location, you may use the Service only with involvement of a parent or guardian. We personalize content and features as part of the Services, including showing you recommendations on Digital Content, features and services that might be of interest to you. We also endeavor to continuously improve the Amazon devices and services and your experience with them. 3. GEOGRAPHIC VARIABILITY Due to technical and other restrictions imposed by content providers, the Service is available only in certain locations. The Digital Content (including subtitled and dubbed audio versions of Digital Content) and how we offer Digital Content to you will vary over time and by location. Amazon will use technologies to verify your geographic location. You may not use any technology or technique to obscure or disguise your location. Due to technical and other restrictions imposed by content providers, the Service is available only in certain locations. The Digital Content (including subtitled and dubbed audio versions of Digital Content) and how we offer Digital Content to you will vary over time and by location. Amazon will use technologies to verify your geographic location. You may not use any technology or technique to obscure or disguise your location. a. General. The Service may allow you to: (i) access Digital Content on a subscription basis for viewing during a limited period of time during a subscription period (for example, through Amazon Prime or other subscription or standalone video subscription offering) ("Subscription Digital Content"), (ii) rent Digital Content for on-demand viewing over a limited period of time ("Rental Digital Content"), (iii) purchase Digital Content for on-demand viewing over an indefinite period of time ("Purchased Digital Content"), (iv) purchase Digital Content for pay-per-view viewing over a limited period of time ("PPV Digital Content"), and/or (v) access Digital Content on a free, ad-supported or promotional basis for viewing over a limited period of time ("Free Digital Content"). Digital Content may be available as Subscription Digital Content, Rental Digital Content, Purchased Digital Content, PPV Digital Content, Free Digital Content, or any combination of those, and in each case is subject to the limited license grant below. Some of the subscription services that we offer are from third parties. Third parties that provide subscription services (for example, through Prime Video Channels) may change or discontinue the features of their services or the content in their services. Amazon is not responsible for the content contained in any third-party subscription service or the features of these services. If you live in Germany or Austria (or German or Austrian law applies for other reasons) sentence 1 in this Section 4(c) does not apply and the remainder of this section 4(c) applies instead. We may increase and we will decrease subscription fees or the membership fee (each a “change” and collectively “changes to the subscription fee” or “changes to the membership fee”) in order to pass on cost increases and/or cost savings arising to us that affect the costs of the Service of which you are a member. Specific cost factors we will consider include: costs associated with the production, licensing, acquisition, and distribution of content; costs associated with required hardware, software, and infrastructure; energy costs; costs of external service providers; costs of labour; costs related to laws, regulations, official orders, and taxes. Subscription or membership fees will only be changed to the extent that our own costs decrease or increase in total and any change to the subscription or membership fees will be based on the financial impact of the total cost decrease or increase on our provision of the Service to you. We will not make any changes to the subscription fees or to the membership fee which affect the contractual balance between the Service and your subscription fees or membership fee. If we make a change to the subscription fees or to the membership fee, we will inform you in text form (for example by e-mail) about the change, the reason(s) for the change, and the effective date of the change within a reasonable period of at least 30 days before the change takes effect. We will also inform you of the effect of deemed consent (in case you do not reject), the beginning and duration of the period to reject, and your option for termination. You may reject the change or cancel your subscription or membership. Your consent to the change will be deemed to have been given if you have not rejected the change within 30 days after receipt of the information. Any changes to subscriptions or to the membership previously made in accordance with these terms remain unaffected. Section 315 of the German Civil Code remains unaffected if you live in Germany or German law applies for other reasons. f. Payment Methods. If you sign up for your video-only subscription or membership through us and are billed by us, then the billing terms described below will apply to your subscription or membership. If you signed up for your video-only subscription or membership through a third party and are not billed directly by us, then the billing terms provided by the third party will apply to your subscription or membership. g. Promotional Trials. We sometimes offer eligible customers various trial or other promotional memberships, which are subject to this Agreement except as otherwise stated in the promotional offers. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to determine your eligibility. Trial members may at any time (through Your Account) choose not to continue to paid membership at the end of the trial period. h. Limited License to Digital Content. Subject to payment of any charges to rent, purchase, or access Digital Content, and your compliance with all terms of this Agreement, Amazon grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, limited license, during the applicable Viewing Period, to access and view the Digital Content in accordance with the Usage Rules, for personal, non-commercial, private use. We may automatically remove Digital Content from your Compatible Device after the end of its Viewing Period. i. Availability of Purchased Digital Content. Purchased Digital Content will generally continue to be available to you for download or streaming from the Service, as applicable, but may become unavailable due to potential content provider licensing restrictions or for other reasons, and Amazon will not be liable to you if Purchased Digital Content becomes unavailable for further download or streaming. j. Playback Quality; Streaming. The playback resolution and quality of the Digital Content you receive will depend on a number of factors, including the type of Compatible Device on which you are accessing the Digital Content and your bandwidth, which may increase or decrease over the course of your viewing. If we detect that Digital Content we are streaming to you may be interrupted or may otherwise not play properly due to bandwidth constraints or other factors, we may decrease the resolution and file size of the streamed Digital Content in an effort to provide an uninterrupted viewing experience. While we strive to provide you a high quality viewing experience, we make no guarantee as to the resolution or quality of the Digital Content you will receive when streaming, even if you have paid extra for access to high definition, ultra-high definition, or high-dynamic-range content. k. General Restrictions. You may not (i) transfer, copy or display the Digital Content, except as permitted in this Agreement; (ii) sell, rent, lease, distribute, or broadcast any right to the Digital Content; (iii) remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Digital Content; (iv) attempt to disable, bypass, modify, defeat, or otherwise circumvent any digital rights management or other content protection system used as part of the Service; or (v) use the Service or Digital Content for any commercial or illegal purpose. a. Termination. We may terminate your access to the Service, including any subscription available as part of the Service, at our discretion without notice (except as may be required by applicable law). If we do so, we will give you a pro-rated refund of your subscription fee (if any); however, if you violate any of the terms of this Agreement, your rights under this Agreement will automatically terminate without notice, and Amazon may, in its discretion, immediately revoke your access to the Service and to Digital Content without refund of any fees. In such event, you must delete all copies of Digital Content that you have downloaded. b. Explicit Content. By using the Service, you may encounter content that may be offensive, indecent or objectionable; this content may or may not be identified as having explicit language or other attributes. Nevertheless, you agree to use the Service at your sole risk, and Amazon has no liability to you for any content. Content types, genres, categories, and descriptions are provided for convenience, and Amazon does not guarantee their accuracy. d. Updates and Modification of Service. Amazon may modify the Service (including any subscription), any Digital Content and/or Software from time to time (i) to improve existing, or add new, functionality and/or features, (ii) to improve or maintain the user experience, (iii) for operational or technical reasons, (iv) to support maintaining quality and quantity of content included in the Service, or (v) for legal or security reasons. If you are located in the EU or the UK (or if otherwise required by applicable law) and such changes materially and adversely impact the usability of the Services (“Material Changes”) a) we will notify you via email or other electronic communication regarding the scope, time and reason for the Material Change at least 30 days before they take effect and b) you may also cancel the Service at any time within 30 days after the Material Changes take effect, and we will give you, if applicable, a prorated refund of any fees paid for the billing period of your membership. Amazon reserves the right to suspend, or discontinue the Service, or any part of the Service, at any time and without notice (except as required by applicable law or set out above), and Amazon will not be liable to you should it exercise such rights, even if your ability to use Digital Content is impacted by the change. f. Reservation of Rights; Waiver. The Service, Software and the Digital Content embody intellectual property that is protected by law. Copyright owners of Digital Content are intended third-party beneficiaries under the Agreement. Our failure to insist upon or enforce your strict compliance with the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of any of our rights. CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS, INCLUDING JURISDICTIONS IN THE EUROPEAN UNION, DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. IF THE LAWS OF JAPAN APPLY TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE, THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN THIS SECTION WILL NOT APPLY TO CASES OF AMAZON’S WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE. j. Severability. If any term or condition of this Agreement is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining term or condition. k. Your legal rights. We have a legal duty to supply the Service and Digital Content in conformity with this Agreement. If there is a problem with the Service or any Digital Content, the laws of your country may give you additional rights and remedies. Such laws apply in addition to your rights under this Agreement 