EEA/UK/CH Privacy Policy Effective Date: 19 November 2023 Introduction This privacy policy ("") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy. Platform : If you live in the European Economic Area (“”), the United Kingdom (“”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“”), a UK company, ("," "," "," or "") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy. Data Controller EEA UK TikTok Ireland TikTok UK TikTok our we us What Information We Collect We collect your information in three ways: , , and . More detail is provided below. Information You Provide We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can add other information to your profile, such as a bio or a profile photo. Profile Information. We collect the content you create or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. We collect through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that , for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your . User Content. If you communicate with others using direct messages, we collect the content of the message and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received and/or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when communicating with merchants who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. We do this to block spam, detect crime, and to safeguard our users. Direct Messages. If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts. Your Contacts. When you make a purchase or payment on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase goods through our shopping features, we collect information about the purchase or payment transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and items you purchased. Purchase Information. We collect if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us. Surveys, Research, and Promotions. When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our (our “”), (our “”), or other policies. Information When You Contact Us. Terms Guidelines . We collect the when you fill in a form on the Platform. , you can let TikTok fill in forms automatically with your account info, like your addresses or payment info. Information From Forms and Features You Use Automatically Collected Information We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, and system language. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes. Technical Information. We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your (such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click to learn more about how we collect Location Information. Location Information. We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about the content you view, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, your search history and your settings. Usage Information. We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your , for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your . We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions. Content Characteristics and Features. We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe, for content moderation and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests. Inferred Information. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our and . We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law. Cookies. Information From Other Sources Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our (such as TikTok Pixel). Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners. We receive information about you from merchants as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features. Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers. Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, user ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate , we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. We may also receive information from third party providers which we use for safety purposes, including to protect users on the Platform and for content moderation. Third Party Platforms and Partners. We may collect or receive information about you from organisations, businesses, people, and others, including, for example, publicly available sources, government authorities, professional organisations, and charity groups. We also collect information about you where you are included or mentioned in User Content, Direct Messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user. Additional Sources. How We Use Your Information We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “”. Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support. Provide our shopping features and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with merchants, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders. Personalise and customise certain features and content on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed. Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you. We review and other information through a mix of technology (including through automated means) and human moderation to protect the safety and well-being of our community. Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos, and to suggest your account to other users to help connect you with other users. Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted) and to measure and understand the effectiveness of the ads and other content. Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity). Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training, testing, and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service. Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria. Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions. Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people. How We Share Your Information Service Providers We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as: cloud hosting, content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payments. We share , , and with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services. Partners We share limited information which may include , , and with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, and/or enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you: log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other , sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain to facilitate this, share you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your and related information. We provide advertisers with aggregate information about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness. We create this aggregate information using , , and . We share your information directly with advertisers where you give us your permission. Advertisers. We also share , and with third party measurement providers who help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers determine how effective their ads have been. Measurement and Data Partners. When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share related to the transaction with the merchant, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers. For example, we will share the order items, contact details and delivery information so your order can be processed. We may also share certain about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers. Our Corporate Group As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“”). These entities process , , and for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See for additional information. Corporate Group Others We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows: Based on your privacy settings, your information, including your , , and may be visible to other users and the public. For example, if you have a public account and have not restricted the visibility of your posts individually, your and can be viewed or shared by anyone on or off the Platform, whether or not they have a TikTok account. Depending on your privacy settings, your and may also appear on search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos . Users and the Public. We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators and advertisers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their videos, as well as aggregate demographic information about their followers and the viewers of their videos. We create this aggregate information using and Users of Our Analytics Services. . We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in . Independent Researchers: Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Corporate Transactions. We may access, preserve, and share the information described in "" with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, researchers, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to: Legal Obligations and Rights. comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards, protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk, investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity. To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our . Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests. Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “” section in the Privacy Policy. Contractual Necessity If you have the legal capacity to enter into an enforceable contract, we use , , and where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to: We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase. We also personalise certain features and content on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you. Provide you with the Platform. We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing with Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers Product orders and deliveries. We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting mature content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, removing content or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines. Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies. We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information). Administer the Platform. : Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us. Your Rights Legitimate Interests We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to: Enable users to create content with interactive features Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings). : To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences. Legitimate Interest relied upon : and . Information used Suggest your account to other users We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform. : To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users. : , , and . Provide all users with non-personalised advertising We show all users non-personalised advertising, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads. : We show non-personalised ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language). Provide measurement and analytics services We help creators and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform. : To enable creators and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users. :, , and . Ensure the safety and well-being of our community We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing (and if permitted under applicable law, and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age. : To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform. Ensure the security and stability of the Platform We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity). : To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning. Review, improve, promote, and develop the Platform We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop, test, and make improvements to the Platform, including to develop and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends. : To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way. Facilitate independent research. We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click to learn more : To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends. : , Share your information with third parties We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with the Platform. : To provide you with a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users., and optimise user experience. Marketing communications We may send you direct marketing messages about features of the Platform and third party services that we think will interest you. We may also send you promotions, contests, or marketing campaigns or event information. We will obtain your consent to send you messages where required by law. : To promote the Platform or third party products and services. : Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage. If you are under the age of majority (under 18 in most relevant countries), with a limited ability to enter into an enforceable contract only, where we may be unable to process your information on the grounds of contractual necessity, we rely on legitimate interests and use the information we collect to: Provide you with the Platform We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create, share, and consume content, interact with others, utilise features, and provide you with products and services you purchase. : To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content and express themselves. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users in being able to access the Platform in an easy and intuitive manner. Legitimate Interests relied upon Personalise features and content We use your information to personalisecertainfeatures and contenton the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you.  : To provide, support, and maintain products and features that enable users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us to communicate, discover, and engage with content relevant to their interests. We also rely on the legitimate interest of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us in being able to access the Platform and content relevant to their interests. We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies (including through automated means and human moderation). This may include age restricting mature content, maintaining our For You feed eligibility standards, removing content, or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines. : To keep the Platform free of harmful or inappropriate content, to investigate suspicious activity or breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, or policies and to protect the safety of users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, including to prevent exploitation or other harm to which such individuals may be particularly vulnerable. It is also in the legitimate interests of our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us, and the public at large, to prevent bad experiences and promote safety, integrity and security. - We use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with users and respond to and process queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information). : To share meaningful updates with our users who can’t enter into an enforceable contract with us about service-related matters, and process their queries, claims and disputes. Your Consent We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings. Personalised advertising With your consent, we will serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. : , , and for this purpose. : Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these . Your rights You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent. Compliance with a legal obligation We may use your information including your or where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order or disclosure request from regulators, law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use and , although it depends on the specific situation. To perform a task in the public interest We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use and , although it depends on the specific situation. : When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage. To protect someone's vital interests We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide and , although it depends on the specific situation. Your Rights and Choices You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK. You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information. In-app controls enable you to: Access your information. access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the "" tab on your account. me request a copy of your information by using the “” tool. Click for detailed instructions. Download your data You can delete or ask us to delete some or all of your information. In-app controls enable you to: Delete your information. delete the content posted on your profile, such as your and your . delete your full account. Click for detailed instructions. request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available ). You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your and video content). Rectify your information. You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “” in your settings. Click for detailed instructions. Port your information. . You also have the to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims. Object to the processing of your information . You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request. Restrict the processing of your information To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our . Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request. We encourage you to “” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority. In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click for more information. Data Security and Retention Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods. We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims. The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your , , and . If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove your and/or from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation. Our Global Operations and Data Transfers To support our global operations: We store the information described in the “” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore. Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see ), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols. We share “” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence. These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information. When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on: Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed ; or Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described )and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision. For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “” section below. Younger Users You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this . To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our . If you are the guardian of a teen, our contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features. Privacy Policy Updates We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes. Contact Us You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our . You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer . You can also contact us at the following postal address. : TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland. For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland : TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom. For users in the United Kingdom Company