EEA/UK/CHTerms of Service EEA/UK/CH Terms of Service (If you are a user having your residence in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and the UK) Last updated: August 2023 Welcome to TikTok. You form a contract with us when you confirm that you accept these Terms or when you otherwise use the Platform. In short: This is a contract between you and TikTok. You should read it. The company that you are contracting with depends on where you are resident or have your principal place of business: In short: The specific TikTok company that you have a contract with depends on where you are resident. If we say “TikTok”, “we” or “us” in these Terms, we are referring to that specific company unless we say otherwise. In short: These Terms apply to your use of TikTok apps (including TikTok and TikTok Now), websites, software and related services however you access them. As part of complying with these Terms, you must also follow our Community Guidelines. Additional terms and policies may apply to certain products or features of the Platform that we may make available to you, if you post or live stream certain kinds of content, or if you use the Platform for business or commercial purposes. The main ones you should be aware of, and which form part of these Terms, are set out below for your information: In short: These Terms cover your use of the Platform. There may be some additional terms and policies that will apply if you want to access additional functionality, post or live stream certain kinds of content, or use the Platform for business or commercial purposes. We and the companies affiliated with us (such as TikTok Inc. and TikTok Pte. Ltd.) (“Affiliates”) provide the Platform around the world. We want the Platform to be a safe place, so people can be who they are and have fun. We work with our Affiliates and use a mix of technology (including through automated means), human moderation, and reports from our users to identify infringements of and enforce these Terms and our Community Guidelines in order to protect you and all of our users. We don't charge you a fee to use most of the features of the Platform. Instead, some individuals and businesses pay us to show advertisements on the Platform, and we may also charge sellers a commission on products sold on TikTok Shop. In short: You do not have to pay for your use of most of the features on our Platform but, in exchange, we allow some individuals and businesses to advertise on the Platform and we receive payment for this. To access the full functionality of the Platform, you must create an account with us. We may offer different types of accounts. When you create an account, your account details will sync across the Platform, including across each TikTok app. For example, when you create an account via TikTok, you will be able to access any other TikTok apps available in your country, such as TikTok Now, using that account. Your account details, content and Platform settings (including your privacy settings), and any changes you make, will also sync across each TikTok app. In short: Your account is important. Keep it safe. Keep your details up to date. When you create an account in one TikTok app, you will be able to access other TikTok apps using that account (provided those apps are available in your country) and your account details, content and settings will sync across those apps. You can only use the Platform if you are 13 years of age or older. We monitor for underage use and we will terminate your account if we reasonably suspect that you are underage or are allowing someone underage to use your account. You can appeal our decision to terminate your account if you think we have made a mistake about your age. In short: You need to be 13 or over to use our Platform. Under these Terms, you can use the Platform in order to: The permission we give to you: Access to certain features of the Platform depends on your age. For example: In short: You can do many things on our Platform but you might not be able to use every feature if you are not old enough. In any event, you must not use the Platform to: You must also not post, live stream or otherwise distribute any content on the Platform which: In short: Enjoy using our Platform but, for the benefit of all our users, there are rules you need to follow. If you see something that should not be on our Platform, please tell us. It is important that you understand what happens to the content that you create, post or share on the Platform: In short: Where you post about a brand or a product or service in return for any payment or other incentive then you should read our Branded Content Policy and ensure you follow those additional rules. In short: You should read our Intellectual Property Policy and follow those additional rules. We don’t own your content. If you are the owner of the intellectual property rights in the content that you make available on the Platform, then nothing in these Terms changes that. To provide the Platform, we need certain rights from you (called a licence). The details of these licences are set out below. By creating, posting or otherwise making content available on the Platform, you grant to TikTok a: licence to use your content, including to reproduce (e.g. to copy), adapt or make derivative works (e.g. to translate and/or create captions), perform and communicate your content to the public (e.g. to display it), for the purposes of operating, developing and providing the Platform, subject to your Platform settings. The licence to your content that you grant to us extends to Affiliates as part of making the Platform available. You also grant to each user of the Platform a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide licence to access and use your content, including to reproduce (e.g. to copy, share or download), adapt or make derivative works (e.g. to include your content in their content) perform and communicate that content to the public (e.g. to display it) using the features and functions of the Platform for entertainment purposes, subject to your Platform settings. Your licences to TikTok and to users end when you close your account or when you or we remove your content from the Platform in accordance with these Terms. However, due to the nature of the Platform and our legal obligations, the licence granted will continue after you have removed your content to the extent that: If you choose to submit comments, ideas or feedback to us, you agree that we are free to use them for the purposes of operating, developing, improving and providing the Platform without compensation to you. In short: When you post content to the Platform, it remains yours, but we can use it to provide the Platform, and if you choose to make your content available to others, we can show it to other users and those other users may be able to use it too. That is what our Platform is all about. If you later take it down, copies of it made by other users may remain on the Platform. We promise to provide the Platform to you with reasonable skill and care and to act with professional diligence for so long as we choose to offer the Platform. We will also take all reasonable steps to keep the Platform a safe and secure environment for our users. We do not promise to offer the Platform forever or in its current form for any particular period of time. The content on the Platform is mostly user generated content provided by the individuals and businesses that use our Platform. In other words, TikTok is not the creator of most of the content on the Platform (although TikTok may produce some content). Therefore, subject to any mandatory regulations or laws (including sectorial regulations or laws) applicable to TikTok, TikTok cannot and does not promise that any of the content generated by users that you find on the Platform: You understand and agree that the content you may see on the Platform does not represent our views or values and may not be suited to your purpose. The Platform may contain links to third party websites, advertisements, services, offers or other events or activities that are not provided, owned or controlled by TikTok. We do not endorse any such third party websites, advertisements, services, offers, events, activities, information, materials or products. You use them at your own risk. Provided that we have acted with professional diligence, we do not take responsibility for loss or damage caused by us, unless it is: We do not take responsibility for loss or damage if it is caused by events beyond our reasonable control. Nothing in these Terms affects any statutory rights that you cannot contractually agree to alter or give up, or are legally always entitled to, for example, because you are a consumer. We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. You will always have the full protections of the laws that apply to you. In short: We will always seek to provide you with a great and safe user experience, but you take the Platform as it is and understand that we do not control everything that is on it. We also cannot promise that all the content posted on the Platform is to your liking. If you are an EEA consumer, you have a legal guarantee covering the Platform, and you can make a guarantee claim by contacting us. Your account applies across the TikTok app and website, TikTok Now, and any other TikTok services to which you have linked your account, so when you close your account within one TikTok app, you will lose access to your content and account across all other TikTok services which are connected to that account. However, depending on your Platform settings, some of your content may still be available on the Platform after you delete your account. In short: We want you to stay, but you can go whenever you want if you close your account and stop using the Platform. In the event of any suspected breach of these Terms or our Community Guidelines, we may investigate. While we do so, we are allowed to take down some or all of your content, or suspend your access to some or all the features of the Platform, acting reasonably and objectively depending on the seriousness of the suspected breach. We, subsequently, might determine to temporarily suspend or permanently terminate your account, or impose limits on, or restrict your access to features of the Platform if: If we have previously terminated your account for breaches of these Terms or Community Guidelines, but you use our Platform again (for example, by opening another account), we are entitled to suspend or terminate any such accounts. If you think we have made a mistake in suspending or terminating your account, you can appeal through the appeal functionalities provided on the Platform and we will review our decision and decide again. For the avoidance of doubt, if we suspend or terminate your account, or you delete your account, you will lose access to all TikTok apps, including TikTok and TikTok Now. In short: We have rules and, if you break them, TikTok can take action against you which may include terminating your account. We may make changes to these Terms or the Platform from time to time. If we do, we will consider your reasonable interests before doing so. We will also give you reasonable advance notice, in a transparent manner, of significant changes which will impact you and the date that they will come into force. The changes will only apply to our relationship going forward. Where we need to make urgent changes for security, safety, legal or regulatory requirements, we may not be able to provide you with advance notice, but we will let you know as soon as we are able to. If you do not agree to the changes to the Terms or the Platform, you will have to stop using the Platform. In short: If these Terms change, we will tell you. It won’t change anything between us that has happened already but, if you want to keep using the Platform in the future, you will need to agree to the changes. Our Platform will evolve as we improve it. Reasons that we might make changes to these Terms or the Platform are: In short: Our Platform will not stay the same forever, but we will be transparent when we make major changes. These Terms are governed by the law of the jurisdiction in which you are a resident. If we have a dispute, we will first try and resolve it with you amicably. If we cannot resolve our dispute, you or we can go to your local courts. You can also go to the following courts: In short: We hope we do not get into a dispute but, if we do, there are a couple of ways we can try to resolve it. These Terms, and any rights and permissions granted in them, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by TikTok without restriction. If we do so, this will not affect any rights you may have as a consumer. And, if you are not happy, you always have the right to terminate this contract and stop using the Platform at any time. In short: We have no plans to do so, but, if in the future we sell all or part of, or re-organise our business, another company may end up providing the Platform to you. We may reclaim your account name and might make it available to other users when you have not logged into your account for 6 months or if we reasonably believe that your account name violates our Terms and/or Community Guidelines (e.g. your account name violates third party trademark). In short: We may reclaim your account name in certain circumstances. Even if we or you delay in enforcing a provision of these Terms, either of us can still enforce it later. If we or you do not insist immediately that you or we do anything the other is required to do under these Terms, or if there is a delay in taking steps against the other in respect of breaching these Terms, that will not mean that we or you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us or you from taking steps against the other at a later date. In short: Just because you or we do not rely on one of these Terms, this does not change the fact that we both agree that these Terms, as written, are the agreement between us. © 2023 TikTok