 Data Privacy Principles Privacy Statement Program-Specific Privacy Policies Supplemental Resources Contact Us More Display Site Navigation Legal Terms for Students If you are a student (or parent or guardian), please read on, as the paragraphs below set forth the Legal Terms that apply to you. If you are an educator or administrator of an education institution or agency, the legal terms that apply to you are . If you are neither a student nor an educator but wish to use College Board Services (as defined below) then for purposes of these Legal Terms you are a student and are subject to the terms below. ARE YOU A STUDENT OR AN EDUCATOR? Your ("” or “”) purchase, registration, and/or use (collectively, "") of College Board ("” or "" or "") products and services including, but not limited to, and its subdomains and College Board assessments, programs, applications and mobile applications (collectively, “”), are subject to the provisions below and the Service Specific Terms defined below (collectively, “"). If you use College Board Services on behalf of another person (for example, if you are a parent or legal guardian of a student registering for an assessment), these Legal Terms govern both you and the person on whose behalf you are acting. Your use of College Board Services including, without limitation, browsing our websites, constitutes acceptance of these Legal Terms. These Legal Terms are a legally binding contract between you and College Board so please review them carefully. These Legal Terms amend and replace the “Site Terms of Use.” COLLEGE BOARD “RULES OF THE ROAD” FOR STUDENTS: LEGAL TERMS you your use we us College Board College Board Services Legal Terms Note that the section below entitled contains an arbitration clause and class action waiver. This means that all disputes between you and College Board will be exclusively resolved through binding individual arbitration. Both you and College Board give up rights to have those disputes decided by a judge or jury, and both you and College Board give up rights to participate in class actions, class arbitrations, or representative actions. DISAGREEMENTS BETWEEN YOU AND COLLEGE BOARD-ARBITRATION Your use of certain College Board Services may subject you to additional terms, conditions, and policies (collectively, “"), which you will be asked to review and agree to when you register for, or participate in, such services. These Legal Terms include and incorporate the Service Specific Terms to which you agree. If one or more of the provisions of Service Specific Terms are inconsistent with these Legal Terms, the provisions of the Service Specific Terms will control. Some of our Service Specific Terms are here: ADDITIONAL RULES: SERVICE SPECIFIC TERMS Service Specific Terms Your College Board account is your personal gateway to College Board Services, including registering for assessments (SAT, CLEP and ACCUPLACER), looking up your test scores and sending them to higher education institutions, linking to your personal Khan Academy account, using BigFuture (college and career planning services), applying for financial aid, joining AP Classrooms and Pre-AP Classrooms, and signing up for Student Search Service (described below). YOUR GATEWAY TO COLLEGE BOARD SERVICES: YOUR ACCOUNT You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password and for restricting other people’s access to your College Board account. All activities that occur under your account or password are your responsibility. You may be held responsible for losses incurred by College Board due to someone else using your College Board ID, password, or account. You agree to promptly notify College Board in the event of any unauthorized use or compromise of your account. You agree that all information you provide to College Board is true, accurate, and complete. We recognize the importance of protecting your privacy! Our privacy policies are located at (collectively, "")and are part of these Legal Terms. By using College Board Services, you’re agreeing that we can collect and process your information in the ways described in our Privacy Policies. ABOUT YOU: YOUR PRIVACY https://privacy.collegeboard.org/ Privacy Policies If you decide to opt-in to our voluntary Student Search Service® ("”), we will share information about you which you provide to College Board, with participating accredited colleges, universities, nonprofit scholarship programs, and nonprofit educational organizations (collectively, “”). You can opt-out at any time! More information about Search is available at and at HELPING COLLEGES AND SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAMS FIND YOU: STUDENT SEARCH SERVICE Search Education Organizations Information, data, and other content that you provide to College Board or that is generated or collected through your use of College Board Services, including assessment scores (collectively, ""), belongs to you, except as you otherwise agree. Some College Board Services accessed via your personal College Board account, such as AP Classroom and Pre-AP Classroom, may be subject to the Federal Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) and/or to other federal and state laws governing the collection, storage, use and disclosure of student data (collectively, “”). Subject to applicable Privacy Regulations, any other applicable law, our Privacy Policies, and any applicable Service Specific Terms, you grant College Board a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free license to your Information. For example, if you opt-in to Student Search Service, we will share your Information only as permitted by the Terms of that Service and our Privacy Policies (see Section 6 above). YOUR INFORMATION Your Information Privacy Regulations All text, audio and video recordings, images, video, animations, content, materials, data, and other information included in, or made available to you, through College Board Services (collectively, "") is the property of College Board and/or third parties from whom College Board licensed it (“Licensors”) and is protected by applicable United States and international copyright laws. Our Content may not be distributed, downloaded, uploaded, reproduced, reposted, retransmitted, disseminated, sold, published, broadcast, or circulated, or otherwise used, in part or in whole, in any way whatsoever without our express written permission. You may not attempt to decompile, reverse engineer, scrape or data-mine College Board Services or Content. COLLEGE BOARD INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY (OUR STUFF) Our Content All trademarks and logos included in or made available through College Board Services (“”) are owned by us or are used with permission by us from their respective owners. You may not use any College Board trademark, or any other trademark set forth in our Services without our express written consent. College Board Trademarks All College Board Services, Our Content and College Board Trademarks are owned by College Board and its Licensors. Some College Board Services include online or digital services (collectively, “”). College Board grants you a limited, non-exclusive, revocable, and non-transferable license (permission) to access Digital Services to which College Board has granted you access. You are responsible for meeting and maintaining the minimum technical requirements to use Digital Services, such as with respect to devices, operating systems, and browser versions. Access to Digital Services may require internet access, for which College Board is not responsible. College Board Services may also be made available to you via a mobile device. Standard messaging, data and other fees may be charged by your carrier. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain mobile features and certain mobile features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Digital Services View a list of. Review the . College Board Services may provide links to other websites for informational purposes only. We’re not responsible for the content or operation of other websites, and links from College Board Services to other websites are not intended to imply endorsement of them by us. THIRD-PARTY CONTENT (OTHER PARTY’S STUFF) College Board Services are provided to you solely for your non-commercial use. This means, for example, you cannot use College Board Services to make money or as part of any test prep or other business. You will use College Board Services solely for their intended use and will not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, use, or exploit College Board Services for any other purpose. YOU MAY USE OUR SERVICES FOR NON-COMMERCIAL USE ONLY If you are a copyright owner or their agent and believe that content on collegeboard.org or any of its subdomains, or on any College Board web application or mobile app, infringes upon your copyright, please submit notice, pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512 (c) (3)), to our Copyright Agent listed below with the following information: (i) an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright; (ii) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (iii) the URL of the location containing the material that you claim is infringing; (iv) your address, telephone number, and email address; (v) a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and (vi) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT NOTICE Our Copyright Agent can be reached as follows: *By email: [email protected] By mail: College Board Attn: Copyright Agent 250 Vesey Street New York, NY 10281 By phone: 212-713-8000 *Please note this mailbox is only monitored for DMCA notices. This Section 12 applies to the extent allowable by law and to the extent not already provided for in Service Specific Terms. If you think we’ve done something wrong, please let us know and hopefully we can resolve your issues. But if we can’t, then these rules will govern legal disputes between you and College Board involving College Board Services: All disputes between you and College Board and/or any or all of its contractors that relate in any way to these Legal Terms or to College Board Services, shall exclusively be resolved by binding arbitration or small claims court. By agreeing to arbitration in accordance with this section, you are waiving your right to have your dispute heard by a judge or jury except as set forth below. Either you or College Board can seek to have a claim resolved in small claims court if the rules of that court will allow it. Additionally, if the claims asserted in any request or demand for arbitration could have been brought in small claims court, then either you or we may elect to have the claims heard in small claims court, rather than in arbitration, at any time before the arbitrator is appointed, by notifying the other party of that election in writing. Any dispute about whether a claim qualifies for small claims court shall be resolved by that court, not by an arbitrator. In the event of any such dispute, the arbitration proceeding shall remain closed unless and until a decision by the small claims court that the claim should proceed in arbitration. If no party elects small claims court, the claims must be resolved through binding, individual arbitration before a single arbitrator. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“”) under the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules in effect at the time a request for arbitration is filed with the AAA. Copies of the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules are located at . The arbitrator will have the authority to resolve any dispute regarding the scope or enforceability of these Legal Terms, except only a court can decide claims that a party violated the intellectual property rights of the other party. In addition, only a court can decide issues relating to (a) the pre-arbitration requirements contained in these Legal Terms or (b) the interpretation of the prohibition of class and representative actions contained in these Legal Terms. AAA Before commencing a small-claims-court or arbitration proceeding, the claimant must provide the other party with a written notice of dispute that includes the claimant’s name and contact information, a detailed description of the dispute, relevant documents, the specific relief sought, and the claimant’s signature. If you are the claimant, you should send the notice of dispute to Legal Department, 250 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10281. You and College Board agree to attempt to resolve the dispute through informal good-faith negotiation within sixty (60) days from the date the notice of dispute is sent. If the parties are unable to resolve a dispute within sixty (60) days after a fully complete notice of dispute is received, you or College Board may commence arbitration, but no arbitration may be commenced during this 60-day period. If any aspect of the requirements in this subsection have not been met, a court can enjoin the filing or prosecution of an arbitration or the assessment of any arbitration fees. In addition, unless prohibited by law, the arbitration provider cannot accept or administer the arbitration, nor assess any fees for such an arbitration. If the arbitration already is pending, it must be dismissed. The parties agree that an administrative conference with the AAA shall be conducted in each arbitration proceeding, and you and a College Board company representative shall appear at the administrative conference via telephone. You may be accompanied by your counsel or other representative at the administrative conference, but you must attend personally. If you fail to appear at the administrative conference, regardless of whether your counsel attends, the AAA will administratively close the arbitration proceeding without prejudice, unless you show good cause as to why you were not able to attend the conference. This arbitration will be conducted as a documents-only arbitration (i.e., there will be no in-person or telephone hearing) unless otherwise agreed by the parties or required by the arbitrator. Should the parties agree to or the arbitrator require proceedings, such proceedings should be conducted at a location which is reasonably convenient to both parties with due consideration of their ability to travel and other pertinent circumstances. If the parties are unable to agree on a location, the parties agree that the proceedings will be conducted via a video or telephonic call or, in the event that face-to-face proceedings are agreed to by the parties or required by the arbitrator, at a location that is reasonably convenient to both parties in accordance with the AAA Consumer Arbitration Rules. The arbitrator may consider rulings in arbitrations involving other individuals, but an arbitrator’s rulings will not be binding in proceedings involving different individuals. The existence and content of the arbitration proceedings, including documents and briefs submitted by the parties; any correspondence from the AAA; and correspondence, orders, and awards issued by the arbitrator shall remain strictly confidential and shall not be disclosed to any third party without the express written consent from the other party, unless disclosure to the third party is reasonably required in the context of conducting the arbitration proceedings or related court proceedings. The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act (“”) 9 U.S.C. § 1 governs this provision, and it is the intent of the parties that the FAA shall preempt all State laws to the fullest extent permitted by law. FAA et seq. No arbitration may be maintained as a class or collective action; you and College Board agree to bring a claim only on your or own behalf and cannot seek a relief that would affect other individuals. Unless all parties agree otherwise, the arbitrator shall not have the authority to consolidate the claims of more than 1 individual, conduct any class or collective proceeding, make any class or collective award, or make an award to any person or entity not a party to the arbitration, without the express written consent of College Board. Payment of all filing, administrative, and arbitrator fees and costs will be governed by the AAA’s rules. You are required to pay the AAA’s initial filing fee, but we will reimburse you for this filing fee at the conclusion of the arbitration to the extent it exceeds the fee for filing a complaint in a federal or state court in your county (or parish) of residence. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules, and we will not reimburse your initial filing fee and may seek applicable fee-shifting. These Legal Terms shall be governed by the laws of the state of New York without regard to choice or conflict of law principles. All disputes arising from or related to these Legal Terms that are not subject to arbitration under the arbitration sections above shall be resolved exclusively in the state and federal courts located in New York County, New York State and you and College Board irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of such courts. You and College Board expressly waive any right to a jury trial in any lawsuit arising from or related to these Legal Terms. GOVERNING LAW, VENUE AND WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES (LIMITS TO WHAT/HOW MUCH YOU CAN SUE US FOR) EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT FINALLY DETERMINED TO BE PROHIBITED BY LAW, COLLEGE BOARD’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANYONE CLAIMING BY OR THROUGH YOU OR ON YOUR BEHALF, FOR ANY CLAIMS, LOSSES, COSTS, OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RESULTING FROM OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO COLLEGE BOARD, COLLEGE BOARD SERVICES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY TEST ADMINISTRATION BY COLLEGE BOARD, FROM ANY CAUSE, SHALL NOT EXCEED THE REGISTRATION FEES YOU PAID FOR THE PARTICULAR COLLEGE BOARD SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE DISPUTE OR $100.00, WHICHEVER IS GREATER. IN ADDITION, COLLEGE BOARD WILL NOT BE LIABLE IN ANY EVENT FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR SPECIAL DAMAGES. Limitation of College Board’s Liability COLLEGE BOARD MAKES NO WARRANTIES REGARDING COLLEGE BOARD SERVICES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION (I) THAT A TESTING EXPERIENCE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; (II) THAT USING BIGFUTURE (COLLEGE AND CAREER PLANNING SERVICES) OR FINANCIAL AID SERVICES WILL BE EFFECTIVE OR PROVIDE YOUR DESIRED RESULT OR (III) A WARRANTY RELATED TO COLLEGE BOARD SERVICES THAT USE THIRD PARTY DATA AND CONTENT.YOU ACCEPT COLLEGE BOARD SERVICES AS IS. Disclaimer of Warranties You may not use or export or re-export any Content or any copy or adaptation of such Content, or any College Board Services, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, including without limitation United States export laws and regulations. SPECIAL CONDITIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL USE AND EXPORTS College Board reserves the right to make changes to these Legal Terms at any time. You are responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any changes to these Legal Terms. Your use of College Board Services following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the updated Legal Terms. Should any provision of these Legal Terms be held to be void, invalid, unenforceable, or illegal by a proper legal authority, the validity and enforceability of the other provisions shall not be affected and, to the extent possible, the void, invalid, unenforceable, or illegal provision shall be modified so that it is valid, enforceable, and legal, and to the fullest extent, reflects the intention of the parties. CHANGES, AND SEVERABILITY We shall not be held liable for any delay or failure in our performance of any part of College Board Services by reason of any cause beyond our reasonable control, whether specifically listed below or not, and including without limitation, acts of God, acts of civil or military authority, government regulations, laws, embargoes, epidemics, pandemics, public health emergencies, war, terrorist acts, riots, fires, explosions, earthquakes, nuclear accidents, floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, major storms, extreme weather events, public unrest, strikes, power or telecommunications outages, ransomware or hacker attacks, website outages or other incidents affecting College Board, or acts or omissions of our vendors, suppliers, or common carriers. FORCE MAJEURE Your obligations under these Legal Terms, which by their nature would continue beyond the termination of College Board Services, will remain in effect even after your access to the College Board Services are terminated, or your use of College Board Services ends. SURVIVAL