Homepage Open navigation menu Privacy PolicyLast updated December 9, 2021 Last updated December 9, 2021 Welcome to Handshake, a career services platform that connects students and employers to democratize the job finding experience, in college and beyond. From the very beginning, our goal has been to design privacy into our platform in a way that respects the rights of students, the obligations of Universities, and the needs of employers. We understand that student data privacy is a hot topic these days so we want to make clear the very basic privacy principles that guide our policies and practices: We are a career services platform that connects students, schools and employers to democratize the job finding experience in college and beyond. This Privacy Policy may change over time. If we make minor changes to it without materially changing your rights, we will post the modified Policy on our website. We will notify you by email, through the Handshake Service, or by presenting you with a new Privacy Policy to accept if we make a modification that materially changes your rights. When you use the Handshake Service after a modification is posted, you are telling us that you accept the modified terms. We collect personal and non-personal data from you when you use our Services. Personal Data is data that includes a personal identifier like your name, email or address, phone number, IP address or device identifier, or is data that could reasonably be linked back to you. It also may include demographic information, geolocation information, educational information, or commercial information as described below. You need to have an account to use Handshake. You can create an account on Handshake as a student seeking a job or career advice or as an employer looking for exciting new talent. You may also create an account as a career center or school employee or as an invited mentor. We use, process and store your Personal Data to provide the Handshake Service and to maximize opportunities to connect you with potential employers. This includes: We will only share your personal data under the following circumstances: Non-personal data is data that itself cannot reasonably be linked back to you or data that is combined with other data in a way that cannot reasonably be linked back to you. We use and share your non-personal, de-identified or aggregated data in a variety of ways to help our Partners and the public understand trends in the job seeking market through analytics reports, statistics and other metrics and guides. For example, to understand: As a Site visitor, we place a small piece of software referred to as a “session cookie” on your computer. If you use the Services and create an account, we also use this cookie to recognize you on return visits and expedite the login process. You can remove this and other cookies through your browser preferences menu, though the exact method varies depending on the type of browser you use – but note that you won’t be able to log into our service if your cookies are disabled. If you visit from a mobile device, we may reference your device identifier or other information about where your visit originated. Our email communications contain web beacons or similar technology which track when the email has been opened or read. This functionality sends the resulting records back to our Service, which may be associated with other information you have provided us. To stop receiving notifications or promotions, please click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of each email or update your account preferences. For EEA users: We only send marketing communications to users located in the EEA with your prior consent. Please see the section “GDPR: Information For EEA Users” below. We use industry standard technical, administrative and physical controls to protect your data including encrypting it at rest and as it is transferred from you to Handshake. While we take reasonable precautions against possible security breaches, no website or internet transmission is completely secure and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or other breach will never occur. In the event of a breach, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and, where appropriate, notify affected individuals in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. We are currently unable to respond to Do Not Track signals that may be sent by some browsers. The Services may contain links to and from third party websites of our Employer and University Partners or other Handshake Partners. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies. We also cannot be responsible for your personal data that you submit to employers using the Services. Please check their individual policies before you submit any information to those websites. Handshake provides the ability for employers to pay schools for collateral expenses, such as hosting a booth at a career fair, through the use of a third party payment processor. Handshake does not collect or use any of that payment information. If an employer has any conflicts regarding the method of payment acceptance, they should contact the school. Handshake claims no responsibility or liability for payment transactions. This Privacy Policy complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which requires that we provide California residents with notice that you have the right to: More information regarding the sources from which we collect personal information can be found above in the section titled “What Information We Collect”; business and commercial purposes for which we collect your personal information can be found above in the section titled “How We Use Your Personal Data”; categories of recipients with whom personal information is shared or sold can be found in the section above titled “When We May Share Your Personal Data.” We do not sell any personal information collected from your use of the Handshake Service. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Handshake commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Handshake at the contact address below: Stryder Corp - HandshakeAttn: PrivacyP.O. Box 40770San Francisco, CA 94104 The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Handshake’s compliance with the Privacy Shield. The Privacy Shield Principles describe Handshake’s accountability for personal data that it subsequently transfers to a third-party agent. Under the Privacy Shield Principles, Handshake shall remain liable if third party agents process the personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless Handshake proves it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Note that Handshake may be required to release the personal data of EU and Swiss individuals whose data is pursuant to the Privacy Shield in response to legal requests from public authorities, including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements. Individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA) have certain rights in respect of your personal information and Handshake will provide these capabilities to all our worldwide users, including: As described in this Policy, when Handshake processes your data at the direction of a University Partner, we act as their Processor and comply with requests they send us under GDPR. As a Handshake user: In some cases, Handshake may process personal information pursuant to a legal obligation or to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Handshake account holders may exercise their rights regarding their personal information as follows: Alternatively, VeraSafe can be contacted at: VeraSafe Czech Republic s.r.oKlimentská 46Prague 1, 11002Czech Republic VeraSafe Ireland LtdUnit 3D North Point HouseNorth Point Business ParkNew Mallow RoadCork T23AT2PIreland If you have any questions about our privacy practices, or if you wish to remove any of your personal information from our records please contact us at either: Handshake ©2023 Handshake. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of service Accessibility