The RightsStatements.org Consortium collects, manages and uses your data so that we can run our services and share relevant content with you. This policy describes how we collect and use your data when you use our services through the website or in person, and the measures we take to ensure your data remains secure. Europeana Foundation runs these services on behalf of the RightsStatements.org Consortium and takes responsibility for these data. Your privacy is important to us. We take all steps necessary to ensure that your data is stored securely and used only in accordance with the preferences you have requested. We will not share your data unless you have given us permission to share it. We do not and will not sell your data. Where possible, we use services that are hosted within the European Union. You can manage cookies by checking the settings for each browser you use. We do not keep your data for any longer than necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected the data or the purposes for which data are reused. You may ask us whether we process data relating to you, and if so, which data this concerns. In that case, we can provide you with access to the data processed by us that relates to you. If you believe your personal data has been processed incorrectly or incompletely, you may request that we change or supplement the data (rectification). If you have a complaint concerning the processing of your personal data by the RightsStatements.org Consortium or Europeana Foundation, please There are a number of ways that we may use or share your data in order to provide our services. If we intend to use or share your data for purposes other than those described here, we will inform you when we request your data. We will only use your data upon your approval and/or if it is necessary to perform agreements. This privacy policy applies to the use of services provided by the RightsStatements.org Consortium. It is in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union. RightsStatements.org is an international member based consortium, supported by public funding.