Your data is captured personally by our employees, or provided by you via this portal. Our employees can access your data via access controlled, two-factor authenticated, portal interfaces. These are used to store your tracking preferences and if you allow us to analyse your visits, pseudonyms to recognise your browser. Please visit for up-to-date information. Privacy policy Our data security principles  We try to reduce the amount of collected data to what is necessary for providing our services We communicate internally only via encrypted communication Unsafe communication (like email) is switched to secure communication as quickly as possible All our mobile hard drives are encrypted Unencrypted USB-sticks are used sparingly and only for public data (e.g. presentations). If technically possible, all our mobile devices are encrypted. Anything which cannot be encrypted is locked away and inaccessible to anyone outside of the company. Controller Contact details see "Processor". Neurohr Bytes Software e.U. Controller's Data Protection Officer Contact details see "Processor's Data Protection Officer". KITTL4web | Inh. Udo B. S. KITTL Processor Ing. , BSc, MSc Philipp Neurohr Web: Email: Burgenland: Mogersdorf 6, 8382 Mogersdorf, Austria Tel: UID: ATU70020158 | FN: 443581a Court of jurisdiction Graz, Austria Next to our company internal servers Neurohr Bytes Software e.U. has servers with following providers: internex GmbH Alserbachstraße 30 1090 Wien Österreich Firmenbuchnummer: 342171v UID: ATU65604535 Ledl.net GmbH Domaintechnik.at Lederergasse 6 5204 Straßwalchen Firmenbuchnummer: FN 258818s UID: ATU 61529037 In order to defend servers against selected services and services under attack use , if the sensitivity of the processed data allows this measure. Cloudflare Germany GmbH Rosental 7 80331 München Deutschland +49 89 25552276 Processor's Data Protection Officer E-mail: office@kittl4web.at Öblarn 71 8960 Öblarn Telephone: +43 660 232 82 27 TEL/Fax: +43 3684 20387 internex GmbH: dataprotection@internex.at Ledl.net GmbH: Franz Reischenböck Stv: Fabian Ledl Capture Access and usage Storage your data is stored on servers in our control. On production environments your data is stored on encrypted hard drives and locked servers. Our employees have no direct access to these storages during regular operation. On archival systems Disposal and archives your data is deleted on request. In production environments Your data is automatically deleted if you close your account. data is kept for up to 10 years (see below). Your individual data cannot be deleted from (database) backups because of technical limitations. Only named individuals of the controller and processors, with a special clearance and after completing an internal data protection training, can access these backups. Backups are only accessed in order to restore services, find errors, or provide data for reasonable and valid in law demands by public offices and courts of justice. We will never use backups for any form of marketing analysis, or in order to restore data you wanted to be deleted. If data is provided to courts of justice and public offices, this is only done in accordance with our Data Protection Officer. If we are not prohibited by law, we will always try to contact you to inform you about such data release. of the portal are kept for 10 years. Database backups is kept for 10 years. Invoicing data of the portal are kept for up to 90 days. Log files of failed and successful login attempts are kept for up to 90 days. IP addresses , which were used during login attempts, are kept for up to 90 days. Browser platforms, names and versions Other backups Transmission within member states of the European Union and countries with an on the basis of article 45 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 Your data is transmitted for following reasons: e.g. letters, emails, telephone Communication: e.g. bank account Contract fulfilment: We will comply with demands valid in law. Demands from public offices and courts of justice if reasonable and valid in law: Transmission to non-member countries There is planed transmission of your data to non-member countries or international organisations, with the exception of your personal demands (e.g. contact address in a non-member country). no Cookies and external services This online tool uses Cookies, and to provide the best possible functionality, to improve the service and to protect the portal from attacks. Information regarding the EU directive 2009/136/EC When you visit our portal you will receive some cookies necessary for the provision of the portal's services This cookie helps us to battle . XSRF-TOKEN: This cookie is also used to battle . laravel_token: This is a secure and encrypted cookie storing all volatile data of your session. _session: portal_name This cookie is set if you check the "Remember login" button during login. remember_web_: random_string This cookie is set to reduce the amount of CAPTCHA-challenges in the current browser. browser_authentication: If necessary Cloudflare: These cookies are set by hCaptcha at the latest if the login form is shown. hCaptcha are the picture challenges you have to solve before being able to login. This prevents attackers from accessing your account just by testing random password until one matches. Several cookies for hcaptcha.com: This cookies are set when a Vimeo video or preview is loaded on the page. Several cookies for vimeo.com: This cookies are set when a YouTube video or preview is loaded on the page. Several cookies for youtube.com: Fraud prevention by the payment provider Stripe. __stripe_mid: On pages which use our analysis: Matomo: _pk_ref _pk_cvar _pk_id _pk_ses _pk_hsr matomo_sessid mtm_consent, mtm_consent_removed and mtm_cookie_consent matomo_ignore, when you exclude yourself from being tracked (opt-out) Tips for privacy aware browsing In order to block so-called tracking-cookies we suggest that you use , both the app, as well as the browser extention. As alternative, or in addition, we can recommend the browser extension , which also sends signals to each website, if requested (see below). Do Not Track (DNT) policy Our software respects signals sent by your browser and takes care that external services are only connected with explicit permission. This can lead to limited functionality and additional user interactions: Videos don't autoplay, payment providers are not available, registration is not possible, if an external CAPTCHA-service is required as additional security, etc. Permission is given per service, i.e. if you allow one video to play then all videos from that external provider are allowed to play in your current session.