The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect. This service provides a way for you to export your data. You can delete your content from this service. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction.. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation. Information is provided about how your personal data is used. You can opt out of promotional communications. Private messages can be read. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising. Your personal data is used for advertising. This service tracks which web page referred you to it. Your profile is combined across various products, including Microsoft Services. App required for this service requires broad device permissions. Third parties are involved in operating the service. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period. The service promises to inform and/or notify you regarding government inquiries that may involve your personal data. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users. They store data on you even if you did not interact with the service. You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service. Many different types of personal data are collected. Information is gathered about you through third parties. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations. Some personal data may be kept after the end of the data retention period or a request for erasure. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable