no spidering or crawling. Users are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service.. This service can use your content for all their existing and future services. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. There is a date of the last update of the agreements (August, 2020). No need to register. You maintain ownership of your content. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. Alternative accounts are not allowed. This service is only available to users over 16 years of age. You can choose with whom you share content. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $1000. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. You have the right to leave this service at any time. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. They may stop providing the service at any time. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. Your account can be suspended for several reasons. Your use is throttled. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA). Your identity is used in ads that are shown to other users. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify