Beta Wikis  Search the world's largest fan wiki platform Search Date of Last Revision: November 1, 2023 Fandom, Inc. (“Fandom” “we,” “us,” and “our”) provides a home to explore, contribute to, and celebrate the world of pop culture. Our Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to help you understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information, and to assist you in exercising the privacy rights available to you. Fandom we us our Privacy Policy Fandom, Inc. is a company registered in the State of Delaware, U.S.A. (corporate number C2935209), with a registered office at 130 Sutter Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104. We are the data controller of the personal information that we collect from you as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to personal information processed by us in our business, including on our websites, mobile applications, and our related online and offline offerings (collectively, the “Services”). The Services include websites at fandom.com and wikia.org, and the respective subdomains thereof, and the mobile apps provided under the Fandom brand. The Services also include the websites at futhead.com, muthead.com and fanatical.com (and any related mobile applications). Services We respect your right to privacy. Our overall aim is to ensure that our collection and use of personal information is appropriate to the provision of the Services for our users, and is in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Policy if you continue to use the Services after the new Privacy Policy takes effect. The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with our Services and the requirements of applicable law. Visitors are people who access the Services. Visitors include Registered Users who access the Services through their accounts, and Non-Registered Users who access the Services without using an account. We recognize that most Visitors are Non-Registered Users. Visitors Registered Users Non-Registered Users You do not need to be a Registered User in order to access most information on the Services. Being a Registered User is only required for certain activities, such as creating, managing, or administrating a Fandom community, making a contribution to a Fandom community that does not allow for contributions by non-Registered Users, submitting comments about other content on the Services, or participating in a chat forum. In addition, you must be a Registered User in order to make certain purchases or view certain content on our mobile applications. Information You Provide to Us Account Creation. When you create an account on the Services in order to become a Registered User, we collect information such as your username and password, valid email address, and date of birth. You may optionally provide us with additional information including your first and last names, your gender, and your interests and hobbies. Certain websites and apps in the Services may require you to provide additional information, such as your postal mailing address, telephone number, and payment information. We refer to the information provided at account creation as “Registration Data.” Account Creation Registration Data Visitors. We collect the information you provide when modifying the content of a page on the Services (such as making edits, uploading images, etc.). We also collect your username that you associate with your user contributions. We also collect information you provide when you upload, purchase, view, or download certain content or products from the Services. Further, if you use the Fandom mobile app, you may indicate the communities in which you are particularly interested. We refer to information collected directly from Visitors as “Visitor Data.” Visitor Data Payment Information. You may purchase digital items or other goods using the services. We use a third-party payment provider to process payments on the Services. We may receive information associated with your payment information, such as your billing address and transaction information, but we do not directly store your payment information ourselves. Payment Information Your Communications with Us. We collect personal information from you such as your email address, phone number, or mailing address when you request information about our Services, register for our newsletters, request customer or technical support, or otherwise communicate with us. Your Communications with Us Surveys. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, you may be asked to provide certain information, which may include personal information. Surveys Interactive Features. We offer interactive features such as forums, blogs, chat and messaging services, browser extensions, and social media pages. We and others who use our Services may collect the information you submit or make available through these interactive features. Any content you provide via the public sections of these features will be considered “public,” unless otherwise required by applicable law, and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. By using these interactive features, you assume the risk that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for their own purposes. Please exercise caution before revealing any information that may identify you in the real world to other users, and review any additional disclosures on each feature’s download page for more information. Interactive Features Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests. We may run sweepstakes and contests. Contact information you provide may be used to inform you about the sweepstakes or contest and for other promotional, marketing and business purposes, if permitted by law. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information, such as the full names of winners. Registration for Sweepstakes or Contests Conferences, Trade Shows, and Other Events. We may attend conferences, trade shows, and other events where we collect personal information from individuals who interact with or express an interest in the Services. Conferences, Trade Shows, and Other Events Business Development and Strategic Partnerships. We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities. Business Development and Strategic Partnerships Job Applications. We may post job openings and opportunities on the Services. If you reply to one of these postings by submitting your application, CV and/or cover letter to us, we will collect and process the information contained therein to assess your suitability, aptitude, skills, and qualifications for employment. Job Applications Information Collected Automatically Automatic Data Collection. We may collect certain information automatically when you use the Services. This information may include your Internet protocol (IP) address, user settings, MAC address, cookie identifiers, mobile carrier, mobile advertising and other unique identifiers, details about your browser, operating system or device, location information (including inferred location based off of your IP address), Internet service provider, pages that you visit before, during, and after using the Services, information about the links you click, information about how you interact with the Services, including the frequency and duration of your activities, the search requests you submit on the Services, and other information about how you use the Services. If you use our browser extensions, we may also collect information about your activities on other sites in order to provide the extension’s intended functionality. We may attempt to infer other information about you based on this information or associate it with your accounts on other devices. Automatic Data Collection Crash Reports. If you provide crash reports, such as when using our mobile app, we may collect personal information related to such crash reports, including detailed diagnostic information about your device and the activities that led to the crash. Crash Reports. Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, and Analytics Information. We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on the Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies (“Technologies”) to automatically collect information through the Services. Technologies are essentially small data files placed on your devices that allow us and our partners to record certain pieces of information whenever you visit or interact with our Services. Cookies, Pixel Tags/Web Beacons, and Analytics Information Cookies Pixel Tags/Web Beacons Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories: Operationally Necessary. Performance-Related. Functionality-Related. Advertising- or Targeting-Related. Analytics. We may use the following service providers to collect and process analytics information on our Services: Analytics Google Analytics Google Analytics’ Privacy Policy here Quantcount by Quantcast www.quantcast.com/docs/privacy Scorecard Research Beacon by Full Circle Studies (Comscore this page Parse.ly LiveIntent Crazy Egg Optimizely this webform LiveRamp Authenticated Traffic Solution privacy policy Social Media Platforms. Our Services may contain social media buttons, such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, and LinkedIn, which might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini programs. These features may collect personal information such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these platforms are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. Social Media Platforms. Information Collected from Other Sources Third-Party Services and Sources. We may obtain information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, such as an app store, a third-party login service, or a social networking site, we may collect information about you from that third-party application that you have made public via your privacy settings. Information we collect through these services may include your name, your user identification number, your username, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts stored in that service. We also may partner with third parties to enrich the data we collect from you with information they have collected independently. Third-Party Services and Sources. We use information collected from third parties to supplement the information we collect about you in order to provide more relevant, safer experiences for you with the Services, and otherwise to improve our Services, analytics, and advertising. Referrals and Sharing Features. Our Services may offer various tools and functionalities that allow you to provide personal information about your friends through our referral service. Our referral services may also allow you to forward or share certain content with a friend or colleague, such as an email inviting your friend to use our Services. Please only share with us contact information of people with whom you have a relationship (e.g., relative, friend, neighbor, or co-worker). Referrals and Sharing Features. We use your personal information, including your Registration Data, Visitor Data, information collected automatically, and information from other sources, for a variety of business purposes, including to: Provide the Services or Requested Information, such as: Analyze and improve our Services pursuant to our legitimate interests, such as: Marketing Our Products and Services. We use your personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements, including to determine your interests and select content and advertisements to provide to you based on your interests. Marketing Our Products and Services Some of the ways we market to you include email campaigns, custom audiences advertising, and “interest-based” or “personalized advertising,” including through cross-device tracking and retargeting. Note that as an ad-supported website, we may receive revenue from third parties in connection with our serving of targeted ads on our Services. Cross-Device Tracking. Your browsing activity may be tracked across different websites and different devices or apps. For example, we may attempt to match your browsing activity on your mobile device with your browsing activity on your laptop. To do this our technology partners may share data, such as your browsing patterns, general location and/or device identifiers, and will match the information of the browser and devices that appear to be used by the same person. Cross-Device Tracking. Consent. We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent. Consent De-identified and Aggregated Information Use. We may use personal information and other data about you to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. We may use and disclose de-identified or aggregated information in a number of ways, including research, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. De-identified and Aggregated Information Use Service Providers. We may share any personal information we collect about you with our third-party service providers. The categories of service providers to whom we entrust personal information include service providers for: (i) the provision of the Services; (ii) the provision of information, products, and other services you have requested; (iii) marketing and advertising; (iv) payment and transaction processing; (v) customer service activities; and (vi) the provision IT and related services. Service Providers Business Partners. We may provide personal information to business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services. In such cases, our business partner’s name will appear along with ours. Business Partners Networked Websites and Affiliates. We may share personal information with and among the various sites we own, such as Fanatical, Futhead and Muthead, and our “News and Ratings” sites (metacritic.com, gamespot.com, tvguide.com, giantbomb.com, gamefaqs.gamespot.com and comicvine.gamespot.com), as well as with our affiliated entities, including but not limited to Focus Multimedia Ltd. (doing business as Fanatical). Networked Websites and Affiliates Third-Party Services. The Services may link to third-party websites or services. The privacy practices of those third parties are not governed by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third-party websites and services to understand their practices. Third-Party Services If you connect to a third-party service (such as Facebook, Twitter, or another third-party application) through the Services or otherwise link your account with a third-party service, you are requesting and authorizing us to share or grant access to information on your behalf (such as your username, the fact that your connection originated from the Services, and other relevant usage and diagnostic information) with such third party. For example, we may make information available to app developers, game developers, and game publishers to facilitate purchases and awards of digital goods, such as games and in-game items. Advertising Partners. Through our Services, we may allow third-party advertising partners to set Technologies and other tracking tools to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other websites) for purposes of delivering targeted advertisements to you when you visit third party services within their networks. We may receive revenue in connection with this activity. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “personalized advertising.” For example, we may use Technologies from Supply Side Platforms (also known as SSPs) such as Google’s ADX, which uses cookies to collect information about your browsing history to target advertising. We may also use Technologies from Audigent, Permutive, Google, Reddit or Liveramp to collect information for segmenting purposes based on its analysis of your interactions with the Services. We may also allow these third parties to place Technologies on our sites so they may better understand your behavior, and we may receive additional revenue in connection with that sharing. Advertising Partners APIs and Software Development Kits. Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store in association with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (i) comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (ii) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; (iii) enforce our policies or contracts; (iv) collect amounts owed to us; or (v) assist with an investigation and prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity. Disclosures to Protect Us or Others. Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfer. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfer. General You may have the right to object to or opt-out of certain uses of your personal information as described in more detail below. Email Communications If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can use the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email to opt out of receiving future emails. Note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. We may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding us and our Services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding the Services or updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy). Mobile Devices We may send you push notifications through our mobile application. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by changing the settings on your mobile device. You may opt-out of this collection by changing the settings on your mobile device. “Do Not Track” / “Global Privacy Control” https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ Cookies and Interest-Based Advertising Android iOS Please note you must separately opt out in each browser and on each device. Subject to the user rights described below, we store the personal information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Services or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. This information is held by us in the United States, except where otherwise required by law. We may also transfer the personal information that we collect about you to third party processors or to members of our group of companies in connection with the above purposes. We will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately. We take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we do not accept liability for unauthorized disclosure. By using the Services or providing personal information to us, you agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Services. If we learn of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Services, by mail, or by sending an email to you. Community Guidelines What is our justification for handling your personal data? Under EEA and UK data protection laws, we have to ensure that we process your personal information fairly and lawfully. This means that we must have a “legal basis” for each of our processing activities where they relate to the personal data of an individual within the EEA or the UK. These bases include: Legal obligation Performance of a contract Legitimate interests We rely on these legal bases in different ways, and in relation to different types of processing of your personal data. With respect to fandom.com, wikia.org, futhead.com, muthead.com, fanatical.com, and their respective subdomains, we process your personal information collected through the use of the following Technologies (as described above) on the basis of your consent, which we ask for when you first visit one of those sites: Vendor List You are entitled to withdraw your consent to our use of these Technologies. In order to change your consent settings for the applicable above-referenced domain that you are currently on, please click the following link: Legitimate Interests Our use of your other personal information described herein is necessary for our legitimate interests, which are as follows: If we rely on our, or another person’s, legitimate interests for using your personal information, then as required by law we will undertake a balancing test to ensure that our (or the other person’s) legitimate interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection. You can ask us for information on this balancing test by using the contact details provided below. We process your personal information collected through the use of Operationally Necessary Technologies (as described above) on the basis of our legitimate interests. We also rely on legitimate interests to use your personal information in order to provide you with access to the Services, and to make sure that they work properly, and to keep a record of who is accessing and making changes to the different parts of our Services. Residents in the EEA and the UK have the rights to: Access Download Your Data Request Correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate or incomplete. Request Correction Request Deletion Right of Deletion Opt out of any marketing communications that we (or any third party to whom we have disclosed your personal information with your consent) may send you. Opt out We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. To protect your privacy, we may take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. Please note for security and fraud investigation and prevention purposes, we will retain the full IP address for users located in the EEA or the UK for up to 12 months. In addition, we keep a copy of requests submitted to us to comply with our own legal obligation to maintain data processing records. Please also note that certain information, such as your IP address (if you edit while not logged in) and any public contributions to Fandom community sites are archived and displayed indefinitely by design; the transparency of each contribution and revision history is critical for efficacy and trustworthiness. In addition, our de-identification processes cannot ensure complete or comprehensive de-identification of all of the content or information posted on our Services related to your prior username. If your request is granted, the name change will only occur in automatically generated logs (such as page histories) in association with content that you posted. The name change will not delete mentions of your prior username by third parties. In providing the Services, your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you acknowledge the storage and processing of your personal information in countries outside your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different data protection rules than your country. Where we transfer your personal information to another entity located outside the EEA or the UK, we will take steps to ensure that such transfers comply with applicable privacy laws, including EU Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR“), the GDPR as retained in law in the UK (the “UK GDPR“) and the UK Data Protection at 2018 (“DPA“), such as: GDPR UK GDPR DPA EU Standard Contractual Clauses In the EEA or the UK you may make a complaint to a supervisory authority for data protection matters (for example, the Polish President of the PDPO in Poland or the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK) or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached. See “Additional Provisions” below for more information on how to contact your supervisory authority. The laws of several U.S. States give their residents the right to opt-out of certain selling and/or sharing of personal information related to them. Fandom has elected to make this opt-out right available to all U.S. residents. U.S. residents have the right to: Know Opt out of the “sale” and certain sharing practices of your personal information to third parties. Under the laws of several U.S. States, some information we share may be considered a “sale” In some states, like California, this information sharing may qualify as a “share” or a “sale” (even if there is no exchange of money), while in other states, like Virginia, this information sharing may qualify as “targeted advertising” (collectively, “personalized advertising”). Opt out of the “sale” and certain sharing practices of your personal information Request Correction of incorrect personal information that we may have on file about you. Obtain additional details regarding our information practices by contacting us as set forth below. (Note that this information is generally available in this Privacy Policy). Obtain additional details regarding our information practices Not be discriminated against by us for exercising your privacy rights. Not be discriminated against If you are a resident of Nevada Category of Personal Information Collected by Fandom Category of Third Parties Personal Information is Disclosed to for a Business Purpose Category of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Sold And/or Shared Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80€) A name, address, telephone number, employment, employment history, financial information Note: Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Age, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions). Commercial information Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Internet or other electronic network activity Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. Sensory data Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information. Inferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumer Profile reflecting a consumer’s preferences, characteristics, behavior, and attitudes. contact us Verification and Appeal Process: We are required by law to take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your request. Please note that your exercise of your rights is subject to certain exemptions to safeguard the public interest (e.g., the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g., the maintenance of legal privilege). If we are unable to process your request via you authenticating yourself on the Services, we may verify your request by asking for information sufficient to confirm your identity, based on the information we have on file. Requests to exercise these rights may be granted in whole, in part, or not at all, depending on the scope and nature of the request and as permitted by applicable law. Where required by applicable law, we will notify you if we reject your request, and notify you of the reasons we are unable to honor your request. If you are a resident of Colorado, Virginia, or Connecticut, you have the right to appeal a request we deny when we have verified your identity and still decline to honor your request. The process for that appeal will be sent to you separately if your request is denied. Shine the Light Disclosure: California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice that identifies the categories of Personal Information that we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and provides contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like this information, please submit a written request to us using the contact information below. De-Identified Information. If we create or receive de-identified information, we will not attempt to reidentify such information, except to comply with applicable law. De-Identified Information In order to comply with the data protection laws of Brazil and China respectively, we have implemented the same requirements for collecting personal data through Advertising or Targeting Related Technologies, Performance-Related Technologies, and Functionality-Related Technologies on the Services, for the residents of those countries as the requirements set forth above for the collection of personal data through the use of such Technologies from the residents of the EEA and the UK. Supervisory Authority. If your personal information is subject to the applicable data protection laws of Australia, Brazil, the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority or attorney general if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law. Contact information for some applicable authorities include: Supervisory Authority Office of the Australian Information Commissioner Autoridade Nacionalde Proteçãode Dados (ANPD) EEA Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) Spanish Data Protection Agency (AEPD) If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Desmond Cussen, Data Protection Officer c/o Fandom, Inc. 130 Sutter Street, 4th Floor San Francisco, CA 94104 Email Phone: (415) 980-5647 Phone If you have any complaints about our Services, please contact us at: Address: 130 Sutter Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104 Address Phone: (415) 762-0780 Last updated: July 1, 2023 Muthead Fanatical