Hide.me - Homepage Terms of Service Last update 25 August 2019 These Terms and Condition (“Terms”) govern your relationship with the VPN service (the “Service”) operated by eVenture Ltd (“hide.me VPN”, “us”, “we”, or “our”). These terms also govern the use of and access to our content (“Content”), applications (“Apps”) and any software provided by us (“Software”). By accessing, installing or signing up, you agree to legally comply with our Terms of Service. We do NOT provide a service for the commission of criminal acts. It is a privacy service. You agree not to violate any laws of any jurisdiction you are originating from, or terminating into. The service is not available to persons who are not eligible or to any users previously suspended, terminated or removed from the service. You represent and warrant that you have the legal ability (or “capacity”) to contract. By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any parts of the terms then you may not access the Service. From time to time, we may post a new terms of service that will become binding and it is the responsibility of the users to periodically check for new Terms of Service. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion. By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service. You agree to protect your user id/password and our system from unauthorized use and not to publish or share your account with third parties. You are responsible for all actions that occur on our servers where the login uses your user id/password. You agree not to use the system for sending spam, port scanning, scanning for open proxies or open relays, sending opt-in email, unsolicited email or any type or version of email sent in large quantities even if the email is ultimately sent off of another server. You agree not to attack in any way shape or form any other computer or network while on our service. Hacking, cracking, distribution of viruses, fraudulent activities, network sabotage, phishing, and/or any conduct deemed illegal or unwanted shall be subject to suspension or termination. Users are responsible for the proper secure configuration of their services and are responsible for any damages caused by their neglect or exposure of vulnerabilities whether intentional or unintentional. You will be automatically billed each 30, 180, 365, 730 or 1095 days depending on the duration of the selected plan. To cancel the automatic billing schedule, simply contact our Support team with a short notice to cancel the subscription. If you are not completely satisfied with our VPN services, and you notify us in writing via email within the first 30 days of your plan that you wish to cancel. You will be given a full refund of the contract amount in case you have 1) not previously claimed a refund, 2) not violated our Terms of Service, 3) made your first order with us (renewals do not qualify). If a refund is due, you will be notified by e-mail; it can take up to 10 days after cancellation of your contract to receive your refund depending on payment form used. If you have not received your refund after 10 days, please inform us using the contact form. Our Free plan is completely free of any charges and it is not renewed automatically. Subject to your compliance with these Terms, we grant you a non-exclusive and limited license to download and use the Software. Modifying, distributing to unauthorized parties, reverse engineering, or otherwise using the Software in any way not expressly authorized by us is strictly prohibited. Usage of any material which is subject to our intellectual property rights is prohibited unless you have been provided with explicit written consent by us. Except as set forth herein, neither party shall have the right to assign, encumber, or otherwise transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement except with the prior written consent of the other party. Any prohibited assignment or transfer is voidable in the sole discretion of the non-assigning party. Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by us. We have no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such websites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit. Actual service coverage, speeds, locations and quality may vary. The service will attempt to be available at all times except for limited periods for maintenance and repair. However the Service may be subject to unavailability for a variety of factors beyond our control including emergencies, third party service failures, transmission, equipment or network problems or limitations, interference, signal strength, and may be interrupted, refused, limited or curtailed. We are not responsible for data, messages or pages lost, not delivered, delayed or misdirected because of interruptions or performance issues with the Service or communications services or networks (e.g., T-1 lines or the Internet). We may impose usage or service limits, suspend Service, or block certain kinds of usage in our sole discretion to protect the service. Network speed is an estimate and is no indication of the speed at which the Service sends or receives data. Actual network speed will vary based on configuration, compression, network congestion and other factors. The accuracy and timeliness of data received is not guaranteed; delays or omissions may occur. In no event shall eVenture Ltd, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose. These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Malaysia, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service. Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. العَرَبِية Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski Italiano 日本語 Język polski Nederlands Português ру́сский Türkçe Let's Talk! X Ask Us How It Works Let's Talk! Ask Us How It Works