The court of law governing the terms is in location X. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. You have the right to leave this service at any time. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service is only available to users of a certain age. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes.. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account.. This services gives no guarantee regarding quality. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. The service warns you of the potential consequences related to third-party access. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service