 Looking for? Terms of Service 1. Highlights Please review the Terms fully before you continue to use the Service. By using the Service, you agree to be bound by the Terms as well as our Privacy Notice, which also governs your use of the Service. If you do not agree with our Terms, please discontinue using the Service. We may update the Terms from time-to-time. We will inform you before any change takes effect. The Terms were last updated on 15 October 2021. Your use and browsing of the Service is at your risk. If you are dissatisfied with any of the materials contained in the Service, with the quality of Service, or with these Terms, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue accessing and using the Service. For information about privacy and information security, including consent to international data transfers and disclosure please consult the Privacy Notice. Please do not provide, or allow others to provide, personal information about anyone unless you, on your own behalf and on behalf of anyone whose information you provide: (a) have reviewed and agree with the Privacy Notice, and (b) are authorized to, and do, consent to provide personal information for the Services. 2. Registration In order to use certain functionality of the Service, you may be required to complete a registration process and create an account. As a registered user of the Service, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service registration form (“Registration Data”), and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. Upon completing the registration process, you will receive confirmation of a password and username. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and username, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or username. You agree to (a) immediately notify the Society of any unauthorized use of your password or user name or any other breach of security; (b) exit from your account at the end of each session; and (c) defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Society from any loss or damage arising from your failure to keep your account information secure and confidential, including, without limitation, the unauthorized use of your password or username.By registering, you consent to the collection of your data, including, without limitation, Registration Data, by the Society or through a third party service and processing of such data by the Society in connection with your use of the Service. You consent to the technical processing and transmission of data involved in your use of the Service, including, without limitation, Registration Data, and you acknowledge that processing may involve (a) transmission of such data over various networks; and (b) modifying such data to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. 2. Registration In order to use certain functionality of the Service, you may be required to complete a registration process and create an account. As a registered user of the Service, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service registration form (“Registration Data”), and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. Upon completing the registration process, you will receive confirmation of a password and username. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and username, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or username. You agree to (a) immediately notify the Society of any unauthorized use of your password or user name or any other breach of security; (b) exit from your account at the end of each session; and (c) defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Society from any loss or damage arising from your failure to keep your account information secure and confidential, including, without limitation, the unauthorized use of your password or username.By registering, you consent to the collection of your data, including, without limitation, Registration Data, by the Society or through a third party service and processing of such data by the Society in connection with your use of the Service. You consent to the technical processing and transmission of data involved in your use of the Service, including, without limitation, Registration Data, and you acknowledge that processing may involve (a) transmission of such data over various networks; and (b) modifying such data to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. In order to use certain functionality of the Service, you may be required to complete a registration process and create an account. As a registered user of the Service, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service registration form (“Registration Data”), and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. Upon completing the registration process, you will receive confirmation of a password and username. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and username, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or username. You agree to (a) immediately notify the Society of any unauthorized use of your password or user name or any other breach of security; (b) exit from your account at the end of each session; and (c) defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Society from any loss or damage arising from your failure to keep your account information secure and confidential, including, without limitation, the unauthorized use of your password or username. By registering, you consent to the collection of your data, including, without limitation, Registration Data, by the Society or through a third party service and processing of such data by the Society in connection with your use of the Service. You consent to the technical processing and transmission of data involved in your use of the Service, including, without limitation, Registration Data, and you acknowledge that processing may involve (a) transmission of such data over various networks; and (b) modifying such data to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. 3. Intellectual Property The Service is owned by the Society. All of the content featured or displayed on the Service, including, but not limited to, still images, text, pictorial works, video images, still images of video, graphic designs, audio recordings, multimedia combinations, and computer programs, including web-based programs (“Content”) is owned or licensed by the Society. Pursuant to the copyright and trademark laws of the United States, you agree: The Society’s designated agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement on the Service is its Chief Legal Officer who can be reached as follows: By mail: By email: This contact information is only for reporting alleged copyright infringements. Contact information for other matters is provided elsewhere on the site. 4. Liability The Service is provided for informational purposes only. The Service should not be used in any high risk activities where damage or injury to persons, property, environment, finances or business may result if an error occurs. You expressly assume all risk for such use.Although the Society does not routinely monitor the postings to the Service, the Society reserves the right (but assumes no obligation) to delete, move, or edit any Your Content that comes to its attention that Society considers in its sole discretion to be unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. Conduct by any user that, at the sole discretion of the Society, restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Service will not be permitted. The Society reserves the right to refuse access to the Service to any user for any reason, including, without limitation, a reasonable belief that the user in question has violated these Terms, any other operating rules or terms currently posted on the Service, or any of the copyright or trademark laws of the United States.The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other sites or resources. Because the Society has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that the Society is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that the Society shall not be responsible or liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused in connection with your use of or reliance on any such linked content, goods or services available on or through any such linked site or resource.Your interactions with companies, organizations and/or individuals found on or through our Service, including any purchases, transactions, or other dealings, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such companies, organizations and/or individuals. You agree that the Society will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. You also agree that, if there is a dispute between users of this Service, or between a user and any third party, the Society is under no obligation to become involved, and you agree to release the Society and its affiliates from any claims, demands and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such dispute and/or the Service.The information, products and services offered on or through the site and any third-party sites are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the Society disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Society makes no warranty that the site or any of its functions will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that any part of this site, including bulletin boards, or the servers that make it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Society neither warrants nor makes any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the site or materials on this site or on third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, will the Society, or our subsidiaries, parent, affiliates, service providers, and/or licensees or licensors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this site, including its materials, products, or services, or third-party materials, products, or services made available through this site, even if we are advised beforehand of the possibility of such damages. (Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain categories of damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. In such states, our liability and the liability of Society subsidiaries, parent companies, affiliates, service providers, and/or licensors is limited to the fullest extent permitted by such state law.) You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Society is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with the site, or any materials, products, or services on the site, or with any of the site’s terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the site. 4. Liability The Service is provided for informational purposes only. The Service should not be used in any high risk activities where damage or injury to persons, property, environment, finances or business may result if an error occurs. You expressly assume all risk for such use.Although the Society does not routinely monitor the postings to the Service, the Society reserves the right (but assumes no obligation) to delete, move, or edit any Your Content that comes to its attention that Society considers in its sole discretion to be unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. Conduct by any user that, at the sole discretion of the Society, restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Service will not be permitted. The Society reserves the right to refuse access to the Service to any user for any reason, including, without limitation, a reasonable belief that the user in question has violated these Terms, any other operating rules or terms currently posted on the Service, or any of the copyright or trademark laws of the United States.The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other sites or resources. Because the Society has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that the Society is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that the Society shall not be responsible or liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused in connection with your use of or reliance on any such linked content, goods or services available on or through any such linked site or resource.Your interactions with companies, organizations and/or individuals found on or through our Service, including any purchases, transactions, or other dealings, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such companies, organizations and/or individuals. You agree that the Society will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. You also agree that, if there is a dispute between users of this Service, or between a user and any third party, the Society is under no obligation to become involved, and you agree to release the Society and its affiliates from any claims, demands and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such dispute and/or the Service.The information, products and services offered on or through the site and any third-party sites are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the Society disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Society makes no warranty that the site or any of its functions will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that any part of this site, including bulletin boards, or the servers that make it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Society neither warrants nor makes any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the site or materials on this site or on third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, will the Society, or our subsidiaries, parent, affiliates, service providers, and/or licensees or licensors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this site, including its materials, products, or services, or third-party materials, products, or services made available through this site, even if we are advised beforehand of the possibility of such damages. (Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain categories of damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. In such states, our liability and the liability of Society subsidiaries, parent companies, affiliates, service providers, and/or licensors is limited to the fullest extent permitted by such state law.) You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Society is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with the site, or any materials, products, or services on the site, or with any of the site’s terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the site. The Service is provided for informational purposes only. The Service should not be used in any high risk activities where damage or injury to persons, property, environment, finances or business may result if an error occurs. You expressly assume all risk for such use. Although the Society does not routinely monitor the postings to the Service, the Society reserves the right (but assumes no obligation) to delete, move, or edit any Your Content that comes to its attention that Society considers in its sole discretion to be unacceptable or inappropriate, whether for legal or other reasons. Conduct by any user that, at the sole discretion of the Society, restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Service will not be permitted. The Society reserves the right to refuse access to the Service to any user for any reason, including, without limitation, a reasonable belief that the user in question has violated these Terms, any other operating rules or terms currently posted on the Service, or any of the copyright or trademark laws of the United States. The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other sites or resources. Because the Society has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that the Society is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that the Society shall not be responsible or liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused in connection with your use of or reliance on any such linked content, goods or services available on or through any such linked site or resource. Your interactions with companies, organizations and/or individuals found on or through our Service, including any purchases, transactions, or other dealings, and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such companies, organizations and/or individuals. You agree that the Society will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. You also agree that, if there is a dispute between users of this Service, or between a user and any third party, the Society is under no obligation to become involved, and you agree to release the Society and its affiliates from any claims, demands and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such dispute and/or the Service. The information, products and services offered on or through the site and any third-party sites are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the Society disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The Society makes no warranty that the site or any of its functions will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that any part of this site, including bulletin boards, or the servers that make it available, are free of viruses or other harmful components. The Society neither warrants nor makes any representations regarding the use or the results of the use of the site or materials on this site or on third-party sites in terms of their correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, will the Society, or our subsidiaries, parent, affiliates, service providers, and/or licensees or licensors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, this site, including its materials, products, or services, or third-party materials, products, or services made available through this site, even if we are advised beforehand of the possibility of such damages. (Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of certain categories of damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. In such states, our liability and the liability of Society subsidiaries, parent companies, affiliates, service providers, and/or licensors is limited to the fullest extent permitted by such state law.) You specifically acknowledge and agree that the Society is not liable for any defamatory, offensive or illegal conduct of any user. If you are dissatisfied with the site, or any materials, products, or services on the site, or with any of the site’s terms and conditions, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the site. 5. Your Content The Society encourages an open exchange of information and ideas on the Service, and specifically through our educational communities (“Communities”). You can expect the Service to include information and opinions from a variety of individuals and organizations other than the Society. The Society neither endorses nor guarantees the accuracy of any of Your Content. The Society may review Your Content from time to time and may take steps to remove inappropriate Your Content that comes to its attention; however, the Society engages in no routine monitoring of Your Content on the Service. There is no substitute for healthy skepticism and your own good judgment. You agree to assume full and sole responsibility for any of your content you post on the Service, and you agree to: Caution: any attempt by any person to deliberately damage the site is a violation of criminal and civil laws. Should such an attempt be made, the Society reserves the right to seek legal and equitable relief from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. You must provide and are solely responsible for all hardware and/or software necessary to access the Service. You assume the entire cost of and responsibility for any damage to, and all necessary maintenance, repair or correction of, that hardware and/or software. 6. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Society; its affiliates, licensees and partners; and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, members, licensors, representatives, and third party providers of the Service from and against all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms. The Society reserves the right to assume, at its sole expense, the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Society. 6. Indemnification You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Society; its affiliates, licensees and partners; and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, members, licensors, representatives, and third party providers of the Service from and against all losses, expenses, damages, and costs, including attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms. The Society reserves the right to assume, at its sole expense, the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Society. 7. Educational Use of Content With respect to Content designated as available for download for educational purposes (“Downloadable Content”), Educators or Learners may download and exhibit such Downloadable Content on a stand-alone basis or embed in their own presentations, handouts, worksheets, other educational aids, homework, school reports, and other educational assignments or projects. For the purposes of this Agreement, “Educators or Learners” consists of librarians, teachers, support staff, administrators and other staff of educational institutions, students, and adults supporting such students’ learning. The following restrictions apply to Educators and Learners concerning all Downloadable Content: Educational Opportunities including but not limited to ScienceTelling Bootcamp course, Educator Certification and Other Courses. From time to time the Society provides educational opportunities (“Educational Opportunities”) through this Learning Management Systems (“LMS”) and other providers (e.g. NovoEd, Google, Udacity, Coursera, etc.) (each a “Platform”). By accessing and/or using the LMS, Platform or Educational Opportunities, you agree to be bound by these additional Terms of Service, whether you are: a “Visitor,” meaning you simply browse the Educational Opportunities, including, without limitation, through a mobile or other wireless device, or otherwise use the Educational Opportunities without being registered; or a “Student,” meaning that you have registered to use the Educational Opportunities and will complete the homework assignments and exams; or an “Attendee,” meaning that you have registered to use the Educational Opportunities and that you intend to audit the Educational Opportunities (i.e., attend or view lectures online without completing homework assignments, exams or other course work). The term “Course User” refers to a Visitor, Student or Attendee. 8. Video Player With respect to your use of any Video Player offered on the Service, you also agree:If you use a Video Player on your website, you must include a prominent link back to the Service on the pages containing the Video Player and you may not modify, build upon, or block any portion of the Video Player in any way;You may embed videos using the Video Player, provided you do not embed the Video Player on any website or other location that (i) contains or hosts content that is unlawful, infringing, pornographic, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, vulgar, indecent, profane, hateful, or racially or ethnically offensive, (ii) encourages criminal conduct, gives rise to civil liability, violates any law, rule, or regulation, or infringes any right of any third party including intellectual property rights, (iii) is otherwise inappropriate or objectionable to the Society (in Society’s sole discretion), or (iv) links to infringing or unauthorized content (collectively, “Unsuitable Material”);You are prohibited from embedding the Video Player into any hardware or software application, even for non-commercial purposes. The Society reserves the right to prevent embedding to any website or other location that Society finds inappropriate or objectionable (as determined by the Society in its sole discretion); andYou may not use the Video Player for any commercial purpose, without the prior written authorization of the Society; provided, however, that you may use the Video Player to show the Society content on an ad-enabled blog or website, as long as the primary purpose of using the Video Player is not to gain advertising or any other form of revenue (e.g., license fees, subscriptions, etc.). Prohibited commercial uses include, without limitation, any use of the Video Player that the Society finds, in its sole discretion, to use the Society’s resources or Your Content with the effect of competing with or displacing the market for Society content. 8. Video Player With respect to your use of any Video Player offered on the Service, you also agree:If you use a Video Player on your website, you must include a prominent link back to the Service on the pages containing the Video Player and you may not modify, build upon, or block any portion of the Video Player in any way;You may embed videos using the Video Player, provided you do not embed the Video Player on any website or other location that (i) contains or hosts content that is unlawful, infringing, pornographic, obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, vulgar, indecent, profane, hateful, or racially or ethnically offensive, (ii) encourages criminal conduct, gives rise to civil liability, violates any law, rule, or regulation, or infringes any right of any third party including intellectual property rights, (iii) is otherwise inappropriate or objectionable to the Society (in Society’s sole discretion), or (iv) links to infringing or unauthorized content (collectively, “Unsuitable Material”);You are prohibited from embedding the Video Player into any hardware or software application, even for non-commercial purposes. The Society reserves the right to prevent embedding to any website or other location that Society finds inappropriate or objectionable (as determined by the Society in its sole discretion); andYou may not use the Video Player for any commercial purpose, without the prior written authorization of the Society; provided, however, that you may use the Video Player to show the Society content on an ad-enabled blog or website, as long as the primary purpose of using the Video Player is not to gain advertising or any other form of revenue (e.g., license fees, subscriptions, etc.). Prohibited commercial uses include, without limitation, any use of the Video Player that the Society finds, in its sole discretion, to use the Society’s resources or Your Content with the effect of competing with or displacing the market for Society content. With respect to your use of any Video Player offered on the Service, you also agree: 9. Mobile Terms and Conditions There is no fee from the Society to receive text messages. Message and data rates may apply – this can be checked with your mobile service provider. Charges are billed and payable to your mobile service provider or deducted from your prepaid account. Consent is not a requirement for purchase.Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered if the mobile phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the wireless operator may interfere with message delivery, including the customer’s equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. Wireless operators do not guarantee message delivery and will not be held liable for delayed or undelivered messages.The Society will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS message as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator.By subscribing to the Society’s mobile alerts, you consent to receive automated text alerts to help explore and protect our world. Recurring messages. Message & data rates may apply.If you have any questions, text HELP to the number you received a text message from or contact us at or givinginfo@ngs.org. To stop receiving messages reply STOP. 9. Mobile Terms and Conditions There is no fee from the Society to receive text messages. Message and data rates may apply – this can be checked with your mobile service provider. Charges are billed and payable to your mobile service provider or deducted from your prepaid account. Consent is not a requirement for purchase.Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered if the mobile phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the wireless operator may interfere with message delivery, including the customer’s equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. Wireless operators do not guarantee message delivery and will not be held liable for delayed or undelivered messages.The Society will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS message as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator.By subscribing to the Society’s mobile alerts, you consent to receive automated text alerts to help explore and protect our world. Recurring messages. Message & data rates may apply.If you have any questions, text HELP to the number you received a text message from or contact us at or givinginfo@ngs.org. To stop receiving messages reply STOP. If you have any questions, text HELP to the number you received a text message from or contact us at or givinginfo@ngs.org. To stop receiving messages reply STOP. 10. Miscellaneous Any and all disputes, with the exception of copyright claims, arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement, including without limitation, its validity, interpretation, performance, or breach, shall be settled by final and binding arbitration in Washington, D.C., pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon any award rendered may be entered in the highest court of the forum, state or federal, having jurisdiction. This Agreement, its validity and effect, shall be interpreted under and governed by the laws of the District of Columbia, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions, and you agree that the arbitrator shall award all costs of arbitration, including reasonable attorneys’ fees plus legal rate of interest, to the successful party. Copyright claims shall be brought in the Federal court having jurisdiction. If you are an agent for or an employee of a non-United States company but operate in a place of business in the U.S. or its territories, you expressly agree that any dispute regarding this contract shall be adjudicated within the U.S. in the manner described here. If the Society is obligated to go to court, rather than arbitration, to enforce any of its rights, you agree to reimburse the Society for its respective legal fees, costs, and disbursements if the Society is successful.These Terms and any other operating rules or terms currently posted on the Service constitutes the entire agreement between the Society and the users of the Service, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. No action of the Society may be construed as a waiver of any part of these Terms. Should any of the above paragraphs be unenforceable, the other paragraphs will remain in full force and effect. 10. Miscellaneous Any and all disputes, with the exception of copyright claims, arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement, including without limitation, its validity, interpretation, performance, or breach, shall be settled by final and binding arbitration in Washington, D.C., pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon any award rendered may be entered in the highest court of the forum, state or federal, having jurisdiction. This Agreement, its validity and effect, shall be interpreted under and governed by the laws of the District of Columbia, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions, and you agree that the arbitrator shall award all costs of arbitration, including reasonable attorneys’ fees plus legal rate of interest, to the successful party. Copyright claims shall be brought in the Federal court having jurisdiction. If you are an agent for or an employee of a non-United States company but operate in a place of business in the U.S. or its territories, you expressly agree that any dispute regarding this contract shall be adjudicated within the U.S. in the manner described here. If the Society is obligated to go to court, rather than arbitration, to enforce any of its rights, you agree to reimburse the Society for its respective legal fees, costs, and disbursements if the Society is successful.These Terms and any other operating rules or terms currently posted on the Service constitutes the entire agreement between the Society and the users of the Service, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. No action of the Society may be construed as a waiver of any part of these Terms. Should any of the above paragraphs be unenforceable, the other paragraphs will remain in full force and effect. Any and all disputes, with the exception of copyright claims, arising out of, under or in connection with this Agreement, including without limitation, its validity, interpretation, performance, or breach, shall be settled by final and binding arbitration in Washington, D.C., pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon any award rendered may be entered in the highest court of the forum, state or federal, having jurisdiction. This Agreement, its validity and effect, shall be interpreted under and governed by the laws of the District of Columbia, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions, and you agree that the arbitrator shall award all costs of arbitration, including reasonable attorneys’ fees plus legal rate of interest, to the successful party. Copyright claims shall be brought in the Federal court having jurisdiction. If you are an agent for or an employee of a non-United States company but operate in a place of business in the U.S. or its territories, you expressly agree that any dispute regarding this contract shall be adjudicated within the U.S. in the manner described here. If the Society is obligated to go to court, rather than arbitration, to enforce any of its rights, you agree to reimburse the Society for its respective legal fees, costs, and disbursements if the Society is successful. These Terms and any other operating rules or terms currently posted on the Service constitutes the entire agreement between the Society and the users of the Service, and supersede all previous written or oral agreements between the parties with respect to such subject matter. No action of the Society may be construed as a waiver of any part of these Terms. Should any of the above paragraphs be unenforceable, the other paragraphs will remain in full force and effect. Photo credits: Johnathan Irish about our critical work to explore and protect our planet. National Geographic Societyis a 501 (C)(3) organization. 1145 17th Street NWWashington, DC 20036 Connect With Us Facebook-official Twitter Instagram Youtube Linkedin © 1996 – 2023 National Geographic Society. All rights reserved. GIVE TODAY! Act before December 31! All donations to the National Geographic Society will be matched dollar for dollar through the end of the year. Make your tax-deductible gift today and make TWICE the impact for Explorers working to preserve threatened species around the world.