wemod We at WeMod LLC are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is used and is provided by WeMod LLC, a Massachusetts company with a principal place of business located at 68 Harrison Ave, 6th Floor, Boston, MA 02111. If you have requests concerning your personal information or any questions please contact us support@wemod.com. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the Web site and the Services offered by us. For purposes of this Privacy Policy references to "Services" shall mean any and all services offered by us, including but not limited to hobbyist software for gamers, news and entertainment related to modding games via our Web site. References to "us," "we," "our," and/or "WeMod" mean WeMod LLC. References to the "Web site" mean wemod.com. References to "you," and/or "User," mean anybody who visits the Web site. The following Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of private information via the Web site and/or any Service(s). By accessing the Web site and/or otherwise using the Services you represent that you have read and understand the Privacy Policy and that you agree to be bound by thereby. This Privacy Policy is a part of our Terms and Conditions. Both of those documents are legally binding on you. We may modify, add to, suspend or delete the Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at our sole discretion at any time, with such modifications, additions or deletions being immediately effective upon their posting to the Web site. Your use and/or access of the Web site and/or Services after modification, addition or deletion of the Privacy Policy shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by you of the modification, addition or deletion. We collect both personally-identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information from you. Personally-identifiable information may include your name, address, email address, and payment information. Examples of non-personally-identifiable information we may collect from you include your IP address, the type of browser software you use when visiting our Web site and/or accessing the Services, the date and time you visit our Web site and/or Services and what pages you viewed when visiting our Web site and/or utilizing the Services. We may provide you use of our AI Game Guide, which uses the API platform offered by OpenAI, LLC. The AI Game Guide is a bot and will respond to queries you submit. We encourage you not to submit any personally-identifiable information to the AI Game Guide. Any information you submit to the AI Game Guide (including personally-identifiable information) will be collected, used and disclosed by us pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will use your personally-identifiable information to: If you no longer wish to receive marketing information, press releases or any other type of information from us, you may send us an email at support@wemod.com to change your preferences or follow the "unsubscribe" link provided in any email that you receive from us. Your information may be used by WeMod for the purposes provided for herein. We can disclose your personal data: Our Web site and/or Services may contain links to other Web sites, which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other Web sites using the links provided, the operators of these Web sites may collect information from you, which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies, which may differ from ours. To enhance your online experience, we may use "cookies" or similar technologies. Cookies are text files placed in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information; however, once you choose to furnish a site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use cookies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content, offerings or advertisements on our site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our site (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to a site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our site. We also may use cookies to help us offer you products, programs, or items that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising. We, our third-party service providers, advertisers or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by us and/or other networks or web sites. This also helps us, our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising. We, our third-party service providers, advertiser or our partners may also use "web beacons" or clear .gifs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a web page, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. You can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered by us. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. We will not share any personal data with third-parties for their direct marketing purposes to the extent prohibited by California law. If our practices change, we will do so in accordance with applicable laws and will notify you in advance. California law requires that operators of online services disclose how they respond to a Do Not Track signal. Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” features. Most of these features, when turned on, send a signal or preference to the online service that a user visits, indicating that the user does not wish to be tracked. We do not currently respond to Do Not Track signal. This section of our Privacy Policy applies to the users of our platform in the EU. We would like to inform you about your EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) rights and how we safeguard them. We retain your personal data for as long as your account is active or for as long as we need it to fulfill the purposes for which we have initially collected it, unless otherwise permitted or required by law. We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our rights. We will cease to retain your personal data, or remove the means by which the data can be associated with you, as soon as it is reasonable to assume that such retention no longer serves the purpose for which the personal data was collected, and is no longer necessary for legal or business purposes. We retain queries and other information you input into AI Game Guide, and the responses provided, in order to continue to analyze and improve the AI Game Guide and WeMod Services. If you access the Web site or otherwise access the Services and volunteer personally-identifiable information, you may modify, update or delete such information by sending us an email at support@wemod.com. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases. In addition, please be aware that your ability to opt out from receiving marketing and promotional materials does not change our right to contact you regarding your use of the Services. Protecting children's privacy is important to us. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information on the Web site or otherwise provide Services to those persons we actually know are under the age of thirteen (13) nor is any part of the Web site or Services targeted to attract anyone under the age of thirteen (13). We request that all users of the Web site and/or Services who are under the age of thirteen (13) not disclose or provide any personally-identifiable information. If we discover that a child under thirteen (13) has provided us with personally-identifiable information, we will delete that child's personally-identifiable information from our records, unless it is necessary to retain this information for legal reasons. We do not knowingly process data of EU residents under the age of 16 without parental consent. If we become aware that we have collected data from an EU resident under the age of 16 without parental consent, we will take reasonable steps to delete it as quickly as possible. We also comply with other age restrictions and requirements in accordance with applicable local laws. We take reasonable steps to maintain the security of the personally-identifiable information that we collect, including utilizing SSL certificates for data encryption, PCI Scanning, S-HTTP and management-only password-secured access limited to two (2) managers; however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, so you do so at your own risk. Please note, that non-encrypted communication using email is not secure. Thus, we cannot guarantee data security in email communication and, therefore, recommend using physical mail for confidential information. We operate globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally. In particular, your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the State of New York, USA, where many of our central databases operate. The data protection and other laws of other countries may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By accessing our Web site or otherwise using our Services you consent to your information being collected, used and transferred as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or its implementation you may contact us at support@wemod.com. The effective date of this Privacy Policy is November 14, 2023. From time-to-time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.