Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions. This service will warn users about website maintenance. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The copyright license maintained by the service over user data and/or content is broader than necessary.. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. Third parties may be involved in operating the service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The court of law governing the terms is in location X. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. You waive your moral rights. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Spidering or crawling is not allowed. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. This service can license user content to third parties. Service does not allow alternative accounts. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. Per the service's terms, users may not express negative opinions about them