 Terms of service Last updated: HTML_TAG_START HTML_TAG_END By using or paying for Mullvad VPN AB’s Mullvad VPN service, you agree to these terms. Any material changes to these terms will be notified via a prominent notice on at least one month before the changes are applied. If you wish to exercise your right to reject such changes, you should stop using the service (for refunds, see below). The service The VPN service protects personal information with the use of encryption and masks user metadata by hiding the user's IP address and replacing it with one of ours. This replacement address is shared with many other users, which not only protects each individual's user data but also hides his or her pattern of activity. Therefore, the traceable chain between users and their online activity is broken. Please read more about protecting your privacy at To protect ourselves, our customers, and the quality of our service, we block TCP port 25 because of email spam and ports 137, 138, 139, and 445 due to a Microsoft security issue. We also hijack DNS requests (port 53) in order to prevent DNS leaks. We do not block or filter domains except when requested by the owner of an IP address or when known botnet addresses cause our servers to be null-routed by hosting providers. We do not modify, redirect, or inject data into users' traffic. Access to the service To use the service, you need to use a Mullvad account number together with the Mullvad VPN app, or with another WireGuard® or OpenVPN client and our downloadable configuration files. The cost for the service is €5 per month. An account can be used on up to 5 devices. Please be sure to write down your account number in a safe place, since the account number is the only confirmation to prove you have the right to use the service and exercise your right to refund. Payment We accept payment by cash in bills (EUR, USD, GBP, SEK, DKK, NOK, CHF, CAD, AUD, NZD) sent by regular mail, Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Monero, credit card, SEPA, PayPal, iOS in-app purchases, our Mullvad vouchers, and Swish. One month is equal to €5 when purchased directly from mullvad.net. The price may vary when purchasing through the App Store or an official reseller. The service is activated as soon as the payment is credited and time starts counting down. These terms will expire at the end of the period purchased. If you have a subscription, please cancel the subscription from the account page on http://mullvad.net (select Unsubscribe under the PayPal/Card tab). Subscription services will soon be terminated. Refund policy / Complaints We offer users a 30-day money-back guarantee. The 30-day period starts when your payment is made. If you wish to exercise your right to a refund, please read our refund guide at . If you have complaints on the service after this period, remaining time can under some conditions be refunded. Please contact Exceptions We do not offer refunds for cash and crypto payments. Refund requests for purchases made through the App Store or a reseller must be made directly with them. Privacy We want you to remain anonymous when using our service, and it is therefore our policy to never store any activity logs or metadata and to have as minimal data retention as possible. However, when using our payment alternatives Bank wire, PayPal, Swish and Stripe, your bank/these payment providers will process your personal data as controllers of such processing. You can read more about the payment providers on their web-sites. For more information, please read our Privacy Policy at . Disclaimers Mullvad VPN reserves the right to modify the service by updating the software or making changes to certain features. We will attempt to prevent interruptions and defects in the service and on our website. Despite our best efforts, the service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis, and we do not guarantee that the service will be available at all times, nor the accuracy of the service or any material provided by the service or on the Mullvad website. You are solely responsible for your use of the service. Applicable law and venue The terms shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the substantive laws of Sweden. Any dispute, controversy, or claim arising out of or in connection with the terms shall be handled by the National Board for Consumer Disputes (ARN) or the Swedish courts, with the city of Gothenburg's district court as the court of first instance. Contact information We only offer customer support via email to . Our Sweden-based support team operates during weekday office hours (Central European Time). Mullvad VPN AB Reg. no. 559238-4001 Address: PO Box 53049, 40014 Gothenburg, Sweden Mullvad Policies Address Mullvad VPN AB Box 53049 400 14 Gothenburg Sweden Follow us Language