The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage..  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. Per the service's terms, you may not express negative opinions about them. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data. You can opt out of promotional communications. Third-party cookies are used for statistics. Logs are kept for an undefined period of time. Third-party cookies are used for advertising. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location. First-party cookies are used. Your personal data is not sold. Only necessary logs are kept by the service to ensure quality. They may stop providing the service at any time. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (India). The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. A free help desk is provided. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. You are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses that may incur by downloading materials. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service