Your Cookies, Your Choice We use cookies and similar technologies that are necessary to run our Website (essential cookies). A cookie is a small amount of data generated by our Website and saved by your web browser. We use them to access, analyze and store information such as the characteristics of your device as well as certain personal data. Analytics cookies allow us to analyze our performance to offer you optimized services. Functionality cookies help us to personalize and enhance your online experience on our Website. Targeting and Advertising cookies enable us serve ads that might be of interest to you. Please make a selection manage cookies Necessary These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by visitors which amount to a request for services, such as setting privacy preferences, logging. Functional These cookies are not essential, but help us to personalize and enhance your online experience on our Website. Analytics These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Website. Targeting/Advertising These cookies allow us to provide relevant ads and content based on your browsing activity on the Website. Accept all cookies Accept only essential cookies Save and close Necessary These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by visitors which amount to a request for services, such as setting privacy preferences, logging. Functional These cookies are not essential, but help us to personalize and enhance your online experience on our Website. Analytics These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Website. Targeting/Advertising These cookies allow us to provide relevant ads and content based on your browsing activity on the Website. Necessary These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by visitors which amount to a request for services, such as setting privacy preferences, logging. Functional These cookies are not essential, but help us to personalize and enhance your online experience on our Website. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by visitors which amount to a request for services, such as setting privacy preferences, logging. These cookies are not essential, but help us to personalize and enhance your online experience on our Website. Analytics These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Website. Targeting/Advertising These cookies allow us to provide relevant ads and content based on your browsing activity on the Website. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Website. These cookies allow us to provide relevant ads and content based on your browsing activity on the Website.  Recent Searches Trending Searches Squirting Category Category Interracial Category Masturbation Category Blonde Category Creampie Category POV Category Redhead Category Compilation Category BBW Category Romantic Category Massage Category Brunette Category Maggie Star Pornstar Pornstar Molly Bennett Pornstar Chocolate Pornstar Johnny Rey Pornstar Dane Jones Channel Dane Jones Channel la France a Poil Channel la France a Poil Team Skeet Channel Team Skeet MOFOS Channel MOFOS BangBrosNetwork Channel BangBrosNetwork Reality Kings Channel Reality Kings Porn Pros Channel Porn Pros Dogfart Network Channel Dogfart Network Defloration TV Channel Defloration TV Massage Rooms Channel Massage Rooms Public Agent Channel Public Agent Blacked Channel Blacked All videos Sign Up Log In Watch History English Back Português Deutsch Polski Français Español Italiano Русский 日本語 Categories Top Trending & Recommended Teens (18+) Lesbian Amateur Mature Anal MILF Big Tits Blowjob Asian Public Ebony Fetish Top Trending Pornstars Recommended Pornstars For You Terms Of Service Last Modified: October 26, 2023 Acceptance of the Terms of Service These Terms of Service apply to all users, registered or unregistered, including Content Partners, and Models who may also be contributors of content, of this Website (collectively "you", "User" or "Users" as the context requires), whether accessed via computer, mobile device, or other technology, manner, or means. “Content” includes the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, audiovisual combinations, interactive features, textual content, and other materials you may view, upload, publish, submit, make available, display, communicate or post on this Website. Content “Content Partners” means users of this Website who have joined the Pornhub Content Partner Program and who may use their Pornhub Content Partner Program account to access this Website as a registered Content Partner. Models You consent to entering these Terms of Service electronically, and to storage of records related to these Terms of Service in electronic form. Back to Top Ability to Accept Terms of Service By accessing and/or using this Website, you affirm, represent, and warrant that: If you are under eighteen (18) years of age or the applicable age of majority, it is strictly prohibited to access and/or use this Website; Changes to the Terms of Service We reserve the right to amend these Terms of Service at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Service for any changes. Your use of this Website following any amendment of these Terms of Service will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. About This Website This Website allows for general viewing of adult-oriented Content by Users, registered (whether directly though this Website or through certain other websites we own or operate) and unregistered. In addition, this Website allows for sharing and uploading of adult-oriented Content by Content Partners and Models. This Website may contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by this Website or its operator. This Website has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the Content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites. In addition, this Website will not and cannot censor or edit the Content of any third-party site. By using any of this Website, you expressly relieve us from all liability arising from your use of any third-party sites. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave this Website and to read the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of each other sites that you visit. This Website is for your personal use and shall not be used for any commercial endeavor except those specifically endorsed or approved by this Website. This Website is for adult-oriented Content. Other categories of Content may be rejected or deleted in our sole discretion. We may, in our sole discretion and at any time, remove any Content on this Website. You understand and acknowledge that when using this Website, you will be exposed to Content from a variety of sources, and that this Website is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Content. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable to you, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against this Website with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold this Website, its operator, its parent corporation, its affiliates, licensors, service providers, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of this Website. Back to Top About This Website This Website allows for general viewing of adult-oriented Content by Users, registered (whether directly though this Website or through certain other websites we own or operate) and unregistered. In addition, this Website allows for sharing and uploading of adult-oriented Content by Content Partners and Models. This Website may contain links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by this Website or its operator. This Website has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the Content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites. In addition, this Website will not and cannot censor or edit the Content of any third-party site. By using any of this Website, you expressly relieve us from all liability arising from your use of any third-party sites. Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave this Website and to read the terms, conditions, and privacy policies of each other sites that you visit. This Website is for your personal use and shall not be used for any commercial endeavor except those specifically endorsed or approved by this Website. This Website is for adult-oriented Content. Other categories of Content may be rejected or deleted in our sole discretion. We may, in our sole discretion and at any time, remove any Content on this Website. You understand and acknowledge that when using this Website, you will be exposed to Content from a variety of sources, and that this Website is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Content. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to Content that is inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable to you, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against this Website with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold this Website, its operator, its parent corporation, its affiliates, licensors, service providers, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of this Website. Communication Preferences By using and registering as a User on this Website, you expressly and specifically consent to receiving electronic communications from us relating to your account. These communications may involve sending emails to your email address provided during registration, or posting communications on this Website (for example, through the members’ area on this Website upon login to ensure receipt in the event you have unsubscribed from email communications), or in the “My Account” or “My Profile” page and may include notices about your account (such as change in password or confirmation emails) and are part of your relationship with us. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. You should maintain copies of electronic communications by printing a paper copy or saving an electronic copy. Back to Top Communication Preferences By using and registering as a User on this Website, you expressly and specifically consent to receiving electronic communications from us relating to your account. These communications may involve sending emails to your email address provided during registration, or posting communications on this Website (for example, through the members’ area on this Website upon login to ensure receipt in the event you have unsubscribed from email communications), or in the “My Account” or “My Profile” page and may include notices about your account (such as change in password or confirmation emails) and are part of your relationship with us. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing. You should maintain copies of electronic communications by printing a paper copy or saving an electronic copy. Accessing this Website and Account Security We reserve the right to withdraw or amend this Website, and any service or material we provide on this Website, in our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of this Website, or the entire Website, to Users, including registered Users. You are responsible for: If you choose, or are provided with, a username, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any other person. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your username or password. You also acknowledge that your account is personal to you and agree not to provide any other person with access to this Website or portions of this Website using your username, password, or other security information. If you interact with us or with third-party service providers, you agree that all information that you provide are and will be accurate, complete, and current. You will review all policies and agreements applicable to use of third-party services. In the event you use our Website over mobile devices, you hereby acknowledge that your carrier’s normal rates and fees, such as excess broadband fees, will still apply. We have the right to disable any username, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including if, in our opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms of Service. Limited, Conditional License to Use Our Intellectual Property Youporn and associated logos and names are our trademarks and/or service marks. Other trademarks, service marks, names, and logos used on or through this Website, such as trademarks, service marks, names, or logos associated with third party Content providers, are the trademarks, service marks, or logos of their respective owners. You are granted no right or license with respect to any of the aforesaid trademarks, service marks, or logos. The inclusion of images or text containing the trademarks or service marks or the name or likeness of any person, including any celebrity, does not constitute an endorsement, express or implied, by any such person, of this Website or vice versa. This Website and certain materials available on or through this Website are Content we own, authored, created, purchased, or licensed (collectively, our “Works”). Our Works may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and/or other laws, and we reserve and retain all rights in our Works and this Website. We grant you a conditional, revocable, non-sublicensable, non-transferable and non-exclusive and limited license to access and use our Website and Works solely for your personal use, conditioned upon your compliance with these Terms of Service and your agreement to display this Website whole and intact as presented by this Website’s host, complete with any advertising, to not interfere with the display of any advertising, and to not use ad blocking software of any kind. This limited license is further conditioned upon your agreement not to use any information obtained from or through this Website to block or interfere with the display of any advertising on this Website, or for the purpose of implementing, modifying, or updating any software or filter lists that block or interfere with the display of any advertising on this Website. Interference with the display of any advertising on this Website, use of ad blocking software to block or disable any advertising while viewing this Website, or use of information obtained from or through this Website to update any ad blocking software or filter lists, is prohibited, violates the conditions of your limited license to view this Website and Works and constitutes copyright infringement. You may not otherwise reproduce, distribute, communicate to the public, make available, adapt, publicly perform, link to, or publicly display this Website and Works or any adaptations thereof unless expressly set forth herein. Such conduct would exceed the scope of your license and constitute copyright infringement. This Website may provide an "embeddable player" feature, which you may incorporate into your own website for use in accessing the Content on this Website. You may not modify, build upon or block any portion or functionality of the embeddable player in any way, including but not limited to links back to this Website. The above-described license is conditioned on your compliance with these Terms of Service, including, specifically, your agreement to view this Website whole and intact as presented by this Website’s host, complete with any advertising, and shall terminate upon termination of these Terms of Service. If you breach any provision of these Terms of Service, any license you have obtained will be automatically rescinded and terminated. In order to protect our rights, some Content made available on this Website may be controlled by digital rights management technologies, which will restrict how you may use the Content. You must not circumvent, remove, delete, disable, alter, or otherwise interfere with any digital rights management technology. Such conduct is prohibited by law. You are not allowed to reproduce, download, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, alter, modify, or otherwise copy or reproduce our Works or Content that does not belong to you, in whole or in part. Back to Top Limited, Conditional License to Use Our Intellectual Property Youporn and associated logos and names are our trademarks and/or service marks. Other trademarks, service marks, names, and logos used on or through this Website, such as trademarks, service marks, names, or logos associated with third party Content providers, are the trademarks, service marks, or logos of their respective owners. You are granted no right or license with respect to any of the aforesaid trademarks, service marks, or logos. The inclusion of images or text containing the trademarks or service marks or the name or likeness of any person, including any celebrity, does not constitute an endorsement, express or implied, by any such person, of this Website or vice versa. This Website and certain materials available on or through this Website are Content we own, authored, created, purchased, or licensed (collectively, our “Works”). Our Works may be protected by copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, and/or other laws, and we reserve and retain all rights in our Works and this Website. Works We grant you a conditional, revocable, non-sublicensable, non-transferable and non-exclusive and limited license to access and use our Website and Works solely for your personal use, conditioned upon your compliance with these Terms of Service and your agreement to display this Website whole and intact as presented by this Website’s host, complete with any advertising, to not interfere with the display of any advertising, and to not use ad blocking software of any kind. This limited license is further conditioned upon your agreement not to use any information obtained from or through this Website to block or interfere with the display of any advertising on this Website, or for the purpose of implementing, modifying, or updating any software or filter lists that block or interfere with the display of any advertising on this Website. Interference with the display of any advertising on this Website, use of ad blocking software to block or disable any advertising while viewing this Website, or use of information obtained from or through this Website to update any ad blocking software or filter lists, is prohibited, violates the conditions of your limited license to view this Website and Works and constitutes copyright infringement. You may not otherwise reproduce, distribute, communicate to the public, make available, adapt, publicly perform, link to, or publicly display this Website and Works or any adaptations thereof unless expressly set forth herein. Such conduct would exceed the scope of your license and constitute copyright infringement. This Website may provide an "embeddable player" feature, which you may incorporate into your own website for use in accessing the Content on this Website. You may not modify, build upon or block any portion or functionality of the embeddable player in any way, including but not limited to links back to this Website. The above-described license is conditioned on your compliance with these Terms of Service, including, specifically, your agreement to view this Website whole and intact as presented by this Website’s host, complete with any advertising, and shall terminate upon termination of these Terms of Service. If you breach any provision of these Terms of Service, any license you have obtained will be automatically rescinded and terminated. In order to protect our rights, some Content made available on this Website may be controlled by digital rights management technologies, which will restrict how you may use the Content. You must not circumvent, remove, delete, disable, alter, or otherwise interfere with any digital rights management technology. Such conduct is prohibited by law. You are not allowed to reproduce, download, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, alter, modify, or otherwise copy or reproduce our Works or Content that does not belong to you, in whole or in part. Rules Applicable to All Content and Uploaders on this Website You represent and warrant that with respect to all Content you will upload on this Website: Failure to comply with these Terms of Service or any related contracts you will enter into with us, or should we determine that any of the statements above is untrue, or not complied with, we may, in our sole discretion, refuse to include the Content or any part thereof or any references to such Content on this Website, remove the Content in question from this Website, forfeit all accrued or pending earnings, cancel all current or pending payouts, terminate your account and take any measures necessary to safeguard platform integrity, community safety and minimize or eliminate any liability. We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your account if you breach any of the Terms of Service or at any time for any reason even without cause. Obligation to comply with Records Keeping Requirements under 18 U.S.C. §2257. You certify that the Content you upload to this Website has been produced and records are being kept in accordance with 18 U.S.C. § 2257 et. seq., as modified from time to time, with the rules and regulations set forth in 28 C.F.R. § 75 et. seq., as modified from time to time, and any other applicable records keeping or age verification laws. Upon our request, you shall promptly deliver us legible copies (as may be lawfully redacted), of valid (as of the date of production of the Content) recognizable governmental photo identifications for any or all individuals appearing in any or all of your Content (demonstrating that each were at least 18 years of age on the day the Content was produced) together with the required identification forms, documents and releases. In this context, when we refer to all individuals appearing in the Content, we mean, without limitation, filmed, photographed, or recorded individuals or individuals in any way in the Content, whether appearing nude, semi-nude or fully clothed, engaging in simulated or actual sexual intercourse (including solo scenes). We do not accept or accommodate voice over or sounds from persons less than 18 years of age appearing in the background or synced with the Content whether featured or not. Your failure to promptly deliver the requested information upon request, may lead to the temporary or permanent suspension of your account. You will, at your own expense, indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from, any and all liabilities, losses, damages, fines, fees, penalties, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred or suffered by us from any claim arising or resulting from your failure or negligence to comply with maintenance of any legally mandated records. Obligation to comply with Records Keeping Requirements under 18 U.S.C. §2257 You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account. Please note that you may not permit any other person to use your account and that you must immediately inform us of any apparent breach of security, such as loss, theft or unauthorized disclosure or use of a screen name or password. You may never use anyone else’s account, just as no one can ever use yours. You will be liable for any losses incurred by us due to the unauthorized use of your account. We are not liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, and you specifically waive any such claim and agree to defend and indemnify us against any such claims made against your account by third parties. To the extent you voluntarily create a User profile to participate in certain select services offered by us, your profile (and its Contents) may be searchable by other Users registered through this Website and others partnered or networked with us. Likewise, your profile (and its Contents) may be searchable by publicly available search engines. You understand that we do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any Content you contribute. Subject to what is permitted under applicable law, you are free to choose the type of Content you produce and post or publish. You shall be solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of posting or publishing such Content. We are not responsible for any Content that violates community standards in your community. If you are seeking information regarding any illegal or inappropriate activities, you agree to leave this Website immediately. We expect and demand that you comply with all applicable laws when using this Website and when submitting or posting Content to this Website. If you are unsure whether or not Content will violate a law, you are urged to contact an attorney prior to posting the Content. We cannot enforce every jurisdiction’s laws for all Content that is posted to this Website. As such, we are not responsible for the Content of this Website. You must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness, or lawfulness of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content created by us or Content transmitted to this Website. You are responsible for all your Content that is uploaded, posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via this Website. If we have a reason to suspect that your Content violates any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, trademark, or property right, we can require you to provide us with written evidence of your ownership of, or right to use, the material in question. If we require such written evidence, you agree to provide it to us within five (5) working days of the date of our request. Your failure to provide us with such required written evidence within that timeframe may lead to the immediate termination of your account, us demanding compensation from you for any accrued costs and damages related to such Content. You shall be solely responsible for your own Content and the consequences of posting, uploading, publishing, transmitting, or otherwise making available your Content on this Website. You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any Content you submit or contribute, and you, not us, have full responsibility for such Content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness. We do not control Content you submit or contribute, and we do not make any guarantee whatsoever related to Content submitted or contributed by Users. Under no circumstances will we be liable or responsible in any way for any claim related to Content submitted or contributed by Users. You affirm, represent, and warrant that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to publish Content you submit; and you license to this Website all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights in and to such Content for publication on this Website pursuant to these Terms of Service. You further agree that Content you submit to this Website will not contain third party copyrighted material, or material that is subject to other third-party proprietary rights, unless you have permission from the rightful owner of the material, or you are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant to this Website all of the license rights granted herein. You agree and understand that this Website (and its successors’ and affiliates’) may make use of your Content for promotional or commercial purposes and to render the services pursuant to these Terms of Services. For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your Content. By submitting Content to this Website, you hereby grant this Website’s operators an unlimited, worldwide, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to use, reproduce, publish, distribute, broadcast, market, create derivative works of, adapt, translate, publicly display, communicate, or perform, make available or otherwise use all of the Content, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of this Website (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also waive to the full extent permitted by law any and all claims against us related to moral rights in the Content. In no circumstances will we be liable to you for any exploitation of any Content that you post. You also hereby grant each User of this Website a non-exclusive, royalty free license to access your Content through this Website as permitted under these Terms of Service. You hereby understand and agree that you may not use this Website to allow other Users to download or otherwise save the Content you post (or any part thereof). The above licenses granted by you in video Content you submit to this Website terminate within a commercially reasonable time after you remove or delete your Content from this Website. You understand and agree, however, that this Website may retain, but not display, distribute, or perform, server copies of your videos that have been removed or deleted. The above licenses granted by you in User comments you submit are perpetual and irrevocable. This Website do not endorse any Content submitted by any User or other licensor, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and this Website expressly disclaim any and all liability in connection with Content. This Website does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on this Website, and this Website will remove all Content if properly notified that such Content infringes on another’s intellectual property rights. This Website reserves the right to remove Content without prior notice. All Content you submit must comply with the Content standards set out in these Terms of Service. If any of the Content posted to or through this Website contain ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals to us, we will have no obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to such Content, and we shall be entitled to use, exploit, or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) such Content in our sole discretion without any obligation to you whatsoever. Rules Applicable to Content Partners If you want to become a Content Partner and post Content on this Website, you must first join the Pornhub Content Partner Program and agree to its terms and conditions. Back to Top Rules Applicable to Content Partners If you want to become a Content Partner and post Content on this Website, you must first join the Pornhub Content Partner Program and agree to its terms and conditions. Rules Applicable to Models If you want to become a Model and post Content through this Website, you must first join the Pornhub Model Partner Program and agree to its terms and conditions. We may, in our sole discretion, decline your application to join our community of Content providers for any reason. You may be asked to provide a valid email address for verification purposes. You will choose your own screen name, which must be unique to you, not offensive to others, and not in violation of another’s copyright or trademark. You will also choose your password, which you can change later. It is imperative that you do not let anyone else use your account (you must keep your password secret and secure). Certain changes to your personal information such as your name and screen name can only be made by our staff. Therefore, if your information appears incorrect or needs to be changed you may need to contact our staff to have this done. Models’ Commission Models will be entitled to receive the model program advertising share revenue (a percentage of the ad revenue that the video earns) on free to watch videos on this Website. You will not receive monthly a statement showing any amounts you earned. However, you will be able to view amounts earned in your account. Payments are generally made within ten (10) business days after the end of each month (although, depending on the payment method used, it may take longer for you to actually receive your payment); provided, however, that payment will be made only when the minimum payout, based on net income, of one hundred dollars (US$100.00) has been reached. Any amount below one hundred dollars (US$100.00) will be carried over until the minimum payout has been reached and will be paid on the next following payment date. If you provide us with incorrect payment details, any fees for chargebacks resulting from such incorrect payment details will be offset against any amounts otherwise payable to you. We remind you that it is your sole duty and obligation to fulfill all tax obligations with regard to your activities for us, including but not limited to registration, declaration, and payment obligations related to income taxes and VAT. If we assist you with these obligations, it does not release you from your obligations. It is your duty to inform us in a timely manner of changes to your personal data such as an address change or a new email. Use of Website You agree that you will only use this Website and our services for the lawful purposes expressly permitted and contemplated by these Terms of Service. You may not use this Website and our services for any other purposes, including but not limited to commercial purposes, without our express written consent. You agree that you will view this Website and its Content unaltered and unmodified. You acknowledge and understand that you are prohibited from modifying this Website or eliminating any of the Content of this Website, including ads. You must not circumvent, remove, delete, disable, alter, or otherwise interfere with any age and biometric verification processes, technologies or security tools used anywhere on this Website or in connection with our services. By using this Website, you expressly agree to accept advertising served on and through this Website and to refrain from using ad blocking software or to disable ad blocking software before visiting this Website. Content is provided to you AS IS. You may access Content for your information and personal use solely as intended through the provided functionality of this Website and as permitted under these Terms of Service. You shall not download, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any Content which are not permitted in the Terms of Service. Back to Top Use of Website You agree that you will only use this Website and our services for the lawful purposes expressly permitted and contemplated by these Terms of Service. You may not use this Website and our services for any other purposes, including but not limited to commercial purposes, without our express written consent. You agree that you will view this Website and its Content unaltered and unmodified. You acknowledge and understand that you are prohibited from modifying this Website or eliminating any of the Content of this Website, including ads. You must not circumvent, remove, delete, disable, alter, or otherwise interfere with any age and biometric verification processes, technologies or security tools used anywhere on this Website or in connection with our services. By using this Website, you expressly agree to accept advertising served on and through this Website and to refrain from using ad blocking software or to disable ad blocking software before visiting this Website. Content is provided to you AS IS. You may access Content for your information and personal use solely as intended through the provided functionality of this Website and as permitted under these Terms of Service. You shall not download, copy, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, or otherwise exploit any Content which are not permitted in the Terms of Service. Prohibited Uses You agree that you will not use or attempt to use any method, device, software, or routine to harm others or interfere with the functioning of this Website or use and/or monitor any information in or related to this Website for any unauthorized purpose. In addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of Content. Any determination regarding breach of any of the following is final. Please review the following list of prohibited uses carefully before using this Website. Specifically, you agree not to use any of this Website to: violate any law or encourage or provide instructions to another to do so; act in a manner that negatively affects other Users’ ability to use this Website, including without limitation by engaging in conduct that is harmful, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, intimidating, violent or encouraging of violence to people or animals, harassing, stalking, invasive of another’s privacy, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable; provide or allow access or viewing to or by, or engage and/or interact with, any person who has not yet reached at least eighteen (18) years of age, or older in any other location in which eighteen (18) is not the minimum age of majority in the applicable jurisdiction; post any Content that depicts any person under 18 years of age (or older in any other location in which 18 is not the minimum age of majority) whether real, simulated or animated; post any Content for which you have not maintained written documentation sufficient to confirm that all subjects of your posts are, in fact, over eighteen (18) years of age, or older in any other location in which eighteen (18) is not the minimum age of majority in the applicable jurisdiction at the time the Content was created post any Content depicting whether actual, realistically portrayed and/or simulated, or animated underage sexual activity, non-consensual sexual activity, revenge porn, blackmail, intimidation, snuff, torture, death, violence, incest, racial slurs, or hate speech, (either orally or via the written word); post any Content that contains falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage this Website or any third party; post any Content that is obscene, illegal, unlawful, fraudulent, defamatory, libelous, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate; post any Content containing unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, spam, junk mail, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of unauthorized solicitation; post any Content containing sweepstakes, contests, or lotteries, or otherwise related to gambling; post any Content containing copyrighted materials, or materials protected by other intellectual property laws, that you do not own or for which you have not obtained all necessary written permissions and releases; post any Content which impersonates another person or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person; use this Website (or post any Content that) in any way that promotes or facilitates prostitution, solicitation of prostitution, human trafficking, or sex trafficking; use this Website to arrange any in-person meetings for purposes of sexual activity for hire and/or consideration; deploy programs, software, or applications designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment, including by engaging in any denial-of-service attack or similar conduct; deploy or use programs, software or applications designed to harm, interfere with the operation of, or access in an unauthorized manner, services, networks, servers, or other infrastructure; exceed your authorized access to any portion of this Website; remove, delete, alter, circumvent, avoid, or bypass any digital rights management technology, encryption or security tools used anywhere on this Website or in connection with our services; remove, delete, alter, circumvent, avoid, or bypass any age verification processes, technologies or security tools used anywhere on this Website or in connection with our services; collect or store personal data about anyone or use, post or make unauthorized use of anyone else's information, image, likeness, and/or Content; alter or modify without permission any part of this Website or its Content, including ads; obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any Content or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through this Website; exploit errors in design, features which are not documented, and/or bugs to gain access that would otherwise not be available. Additionally, you agree not to: use this Website in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the site or interfere with any other party’s use of this Website, including their ability to engage in real time activities through this Website; use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, process, or means to access this Website for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of the material on this Website without our prior written consent; use any manual process to download, monitor or copy any of the material on this Website or for any other unauthorized purpose; use any information obtained from or through this Website to block or interfere with the display of any advertising on this Website, or for the purpose of implementing, modifying or updating any software or filter lists that block or interfere with the display of any advertising on this Website; use any device, bots, scripts, software, or routine that interferes with the proper working of this Website or that shortcut or alter Website functions to run or appear in ways that are not intended by this Website’s design; introduce or upload any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or any other similar software, program, or material which is malicious or technologically harmful or that that may damage the operation of another’s property or of this Website’s or our services; attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt any parts of this Website, the server on which this Website are stored, or any server, computer, or database connected to this Website; remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from our Website or any of the materials contained therein; attack this Website via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of-service attack; otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Website. Back to Top Prohibited Uses You agree that you will not use or attempt to use any method, device, software, or routine to harm others or interfere with the functioning of this Website or use and/or monitor any information in or related to this Website for any unauthorized purpose. In addition to the general restrictions above, the following restrictions and conditions apply specifically to your use of Content. Any determination regarding breach of any of the following is final. Please review the following list of prohibited uses carefully before using this Website. Specifically, you agree not to use any of this Website to: Additionally, you agree not to: Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination We have the right but not the obligation to: Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any Content on or through this Website. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD US, OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SUCCESSORS, AND ASSIGNS HARMLESS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY US AS A CONSEQUENCE OF DISCOLSING PERSONAL INFORMATION IN RELATION TO DATA DISCLOSURE REQUESTS FROM LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES. To maintain our services in a manner we deem appropriate for our venue and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable laws, this Website may, but will not have any obligation to display, reject, refuse to post, store, maintain, accept, or remove any Content posted (including, without limitation, private messages, public comments, public group chat messages, private group chat messages, or private instant messages) by you, and we may, in our sole discretion, delete, move, re-format, remove, or refuse to post or otherwise make use of Content without notice or any liability to you or any third party in connection with our operation of this Website in an appropriate manner. In addition, this Website may, but will not have any obligation to, review and monitor private messages, public comments, public group chat messages, private group chat messages, or private instant messages posted by you. Without limitation, we may do so to address Content that comes to our attention that we believe is offensive, obscene, violent, harassing, threatening, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate, or to enforce the rights of third parties or these Terms of Service or any applicable additional terms, including, without limitation, the Content restrictions set forth herein. We assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications, or Content provided by any User or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or non-performance of the activities described in this section. Account Termination Policy While pornographic and adult-oriented Content is accepted, this Website reserves the right to decide whether Content is appropriate or violates these Terms of Service for reasons other than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property rights, such as, but not limited to, obscene or defamatory material. This Website may at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, remove such Content and/or terminate a User’s account for submitting such material in violation of these Terms of Service. If you violate the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us, we can terminate access to this Website or stop providing all or part of this Website to you. Back to Top Account Termination Policy While pornographic and adult-oriented Content is accepted, this Website reserves the right to decide whether Content is appropriate or violates these Terms of Service for reasons other than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property rights, such as, but not limited to, obscene or defamatory material. This Website may at any time, without prior notice and in its sole discretion, remove such Content and/or terminate a User’s account for submitting such material in violation of these Terms of Service. If you violate the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service, or otherwise create risk or possible legal exposure for us, we can terminate access to this Website or stop providing all or part of this Website to you. Copyrights and Other Intellectual Property This Website is not in a position to mediate trademark disputes between Users and trademark owners. Accordingly, we encourage trademark owners to resolve any dispute directly with the User in question or seek any resolution in court or by other judicial means. If you’re sure you want to report Content on this Website that you believe infringes your trademark, you can do so by contacting us at legal@youporn.com. This Website is willing to perform a limited investigation of reasonable complaints and will remove Content in clear cases of infringement. Only the trademark owner or their authorized representative may file a report of trademark infringement. Please note that we regularly provide the rights owner’s name, your email address, and the details of your report to the person who posted the Content you are reporting. This person may contact you with the information you provide. Abuse Reporting Reliance on Information Posted The information presented on or through this Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to this Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its Contents. This Website includes Content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other Users, bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators, and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other Content, other than the Content provided by us, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect our opinion. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the Content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties. Back to Top Reliance on Information Posted The information presented on or through this Website is made available solely for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on such materials by you or any other visitor to this Website, or by anyone who may be informed of any of its Contents. This Website includes Content provided by third parties, including materials provided by other Users, bloggers and third-party licensors, syndicators, aggregators, and/or reporting services. All statements and/or opinions expressed in these materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other Content, other than the Content provided by us, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These materials do not necessarily reflect our opinion. We are not responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the Content or accuracy of any materials provided by any third parties. Changes to this Website We may update the Content on this Website from time to time, but its Content is not necessarily complete or up to date. Any of the material on this Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material. Back to Top Changes to this Website We may update the Content on this Website from time to time, but its Content is not necessarily complete or up to date. Any of the material on this Website may be out of date at any given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material. Information about You and Your Visits to this Website Collection and Use of Your Usage Information by Advertisers and Others This Website allows others to display advertisements using this Website. These third parties use technology to deliver advertisements you see using this Website directly to your browser. In doing so, they may automatically receive your internet protocol (IP) address. Others that place advertising using this Website may have the ability to use cookies and/or web beacons to collect information, including information about your usage of this Website. We do not control the processes that advertisers use to collect information. However, IP addresses, cookies and web beacons alone generally cannot be used to identify individuals, only machines. Therefore, advertisers and others whose advertisements or Content may be provided through the service generally will not know who you are unless you provide additional information to them, by responding to an advertisement, by entering into an agreement with them, or by some other means. Back to Top Collection and Use of Your Usage Information by Advertisers and Others This Website allows others to display advertisements using this Website. These third parties use technology to deliver advertisements you see using this Website directly to your browser. In doing so, they may automatically receive your internet protocol (IP) address. Others that place advertising using this Website may have the ability to use cookies and/or web beacons to collect information, including information about your usage of this Website. We do not control the processes that advertisers use to collect information. However, IP addresses, cookies and web beacons alone generally cannot be used to identify individuals, only machines. Therefore, advertisers and others whose advertisements or Content may be provided through the service generally will not know who you are unless you provide additional information to them, by responding to an advertisement, by entering into an agreement with them, or by some other means. Linking to this Website and Social Media Features You may link to this Website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part without our express written consent. This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to: link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain Content on this Website; send emails or other communications with certain Content, or links to certain Content, on this Website; cause limited portions of Content on this Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites. You may use these features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the Content they are displayed with and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not: cause this Website or portions of this Website to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site, otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Service. The sites from which you are linking, or on which you make certain Content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content standards set out in these Terms of Service. You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our sole discretion. Back to Top Linking to this Website and Social Media Features You may link to this Website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part without our express written consent. This Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to: The sites from which you are linking, or on which you make certain Content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content standards set out in these Terms of Service. You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice in our sole discretion. Links from this Website If this Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the Contents, privacy policies, or practices of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any third-party site, applications, software, Content, or advertising does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. Further, you agree to release us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, Content, service, or software accessed through this Website. Your communications or dealings with, or participation in promotions of, sponsors, advertisers, or other third parties found through this Website, are solely between you and such third parties. You agree that this Website shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any dealings with such sponsors, third parties or advertisers, or as the result of their presence on this Website. Back to Top Links from this Website If this Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner advertisements and sponsored links. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the Contents, privacy policies, or practices of those sites or resources, and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Inclusion of, linking to, or permitting the use or installation of any third-party site, applications, software, Content, or advertising does not imply approval or endorsement thereof by us. If you decide to access any of the third-party sites linked to this Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such sites. Further, you agree to release us from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website, Content, service, or software accessed through this Website. Your communications or dealings with, or participation in promotions of, sponsors, advertisers, or other third parties found through this Website, are solely between you and such third parties. You agree that this Website shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any dealings with such sponsors, third parties or advertisers, or as the result of their presence on this Website. Permitted Disclosures of Personal Information This Website will have access to all information that you have submitted or created for as long as reasonably required to comply with or investigate any information requests, or to protect this Website. To enforce these Terms of Services, to protect intellectual property rights, to comply with legal processes and the law, and to protect this Website, you agree to allow this Website to access your information. Indemnification To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless this Website, its site operator, its parent corporation, its affiliates, licensors, service providers, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all claims, damages, judgments, awards, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to this Website; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of this Website. You agree that we shall have the sole right and obligation to control the legal defense against any such claims, demands, or litigation, including the right to select counsel of our choice and to compromise or settle any such claims, demands, or litigation. Back to Top Indemnification To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless this Website, its site operator, its parent corporation, its affiliates, licensors, service providers, officers, directors, employees, agents, successors and assigns from and against any and all claims, damages, judgments, awards, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney’s fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to this Website; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Service; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that your Content caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Service and your use of this Website. You agree that we shall have the sole right and obligation to control the legal defense against any such claims, demands, or litigation, including the right to select counsel of our choice and to compromise or settle any such claims, demands, or litigation. Disclaimers YOU USE THE WEBSITE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. WE PROVIDE THE WEBSITE "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE WEBSITE, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO THE WEBSITE AND GOODS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE WEBSITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THE WEBSITE OR THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS AND ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES. THE WEBSITE DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING AND, THE WEBSITE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE. NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS. Back to Top Disclaimers YOU USE THE WEBSITE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. WE PROVIDE THE WEBSITE "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE WEBSITE, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO THE WEBSITE AND GOODS OR SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE WEBSITE’S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THE WEBSITE OR THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS AND ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES. THE WEBSITE DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES OR ANY HYPERLINKED SERVICES OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING AND, THE WEBSITE WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE. NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THESE TERMS. Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT SHALL THE WEBSITE, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR WEBSITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES, AND/OR (VI) INTERACTIONS YOU HAVE WITH THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISEMENTS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR THIRD-PARTY SITES, FOUND ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING PAYMENT AND DELIVERY OF RELATED GOODS OR SERVICES, AND ANY OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, POLICIES, WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH SUCH DEALINGS, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE WEBSITE OR ITS SITE OPERATOR ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WEBSITE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEGE THAT ANY CONTENT UPLOADED TO THIS WEBSITE MAY BE VIEWED, DOWNLOADED, SHARED, AND DISTRIBUTED – POTENTIALLY IN VIOLATION OF YOUR RIGHTS OR THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND THAT YOU SOLELY ASSUME SUCH RISKS AS A MATERIAL PART OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. YOU AGREE NOT TO FILE ANY ARBITRATION CLAIM, LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING INCONSISTENT WITH THE FOREGOING LIABILITY LIMITATIONS. Any claim by you that may arise in connection with these Terms of Service may be compensable by monetary damages up to, if any, a maximum of your paid subscription fee in the last twelve (12) months, and you will in no event be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief. Back to Top Limitation of Liability IN NO EVENT SHALL THE WEBSITE, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM OUR WEBSITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY, (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES, AND/OR (VI) INTERACTIONS YOU HAVE WITH THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISEMENTS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR THIRD-PARTY SITES, FOUND ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING PAYMENT AND DELIVERY OF RELATED GOODS OR SERVICES, AND ANY OTHER TERMS, CONDITIONS, POLICIES, WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ASSOCIATED WITH SUCH DEALINGS, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE WEBSITE OR ITS SITE OPERATOR ARE ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WEBSITE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR CONTENT OR FOR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY, AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEGE THAT ANY CONTENT UPLOADED TO THIS WEBSITE MAY BE VIEWED, DOWNLOADED, SHARED, AND DISTRIBUTED – POTENTIALLY IN VIOLATION OF YOUR RIGHTS OR THESE TERMS OF SERVICE AND THAT YOU SOLELY ASSUME SUCH RISKS AS A MATERIAL PART OF THESE TERMS OF SERVICE. YOU AGREE NOT TO FILE ANY ARBITRATION CLAIM, LAWSUIT OR PROCEEDING INCONSISTENT WITH THE FOREGOING LIABILITY LIMITATIONS. Any claim by you that may arise in connection with these Terms of Service may be compensable by monetary damages up to, if any, a maximum of your paid subscription fee in the last twelve (12) months, and you will in no event be entitled to injunctive or other equitable relief. Limitation on Time to File Claims REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED. Back to Top Limitation on Time to File Claims REGARDLESS OF ANY STATUTE OR LAW TO THE CONTRARY, ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED. Notice of Litigation You shall notify us in writing within two (2) working days after becoming aware of or obtaining knowledge of, any proceedings or threatened proceedings, including any litigation or governmental proceeding pending against you which could materially adversely affect our business, operations, prospects, property, assets, or condition (financial or otherwise); and any other event which is likely to materially adversely affect our business, operations, prospects, property, assets, or condition (financial or otherwise). Back to Top Notice of Litigation You shall notify us in writing within two (2) working days after becoming aware of or obtaining knowledge of, any proceedings or threatened proceedings, including any litigation or governmental proceeding pending against you which could materially adversely affect our business, operations, prospects, property, assets, or condition (financial or otherwise); and any other event which is likely to materially adversely affect our business, operations, prospects, property, assets, or condition (financial or otherwise). Your Comments and Concerns Assignment These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred, or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction. Back to Top Assignment These Terms of Service, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred, or assigned by you, but may be assigned by us without restriction. Arbitration Agreement & Waiver of Certain Rights Except as set forth hereinabove, you and we agree that we will resolve any disputes between us (including any disputes between you and a third-party agent of ours) through binding and final arbitration instead of through court proceedings. You and we hereby waive any right to a jury trial of any Claim (defined below). All controversies, claims, counterclaims, or other disputes arising between you and us or you and a third-party agent of ours (each a "Claim") shall be submitted for binding arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA Rules"). The arbitration will be heard and determined by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator's decision in any such arbitration will be final and binding upon the parties and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. You and we agree that the arbitration proceedings will be kept confidential and that the existence of the proceeding and any element of it (including, without limitation, any pleadings, briefs or other documents submitted or exchanged and any testimony or other oral submissions and awards) will not be disclosed beyond the arbitration proceedings, except as may lawfully be required in judicial proceedings relating to the arbitration, by applicable disclosure rules and regulations of securities regulatory authorities or other governmental agencies, or as specifically permitted by state law. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. However, the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of these Terms of Service including, but not limited to, a claim that all or any part of these Terms of Service is void or voidable. If you demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, we will pay as much of the administrative costs and arbitrator's fees required for the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the cost of the arbitration from being prohibitive. In the final award, the arbitrator may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate. This arbitration agreement under this section does not preclude either party from seeking action by federal, state, or local government agencies. You and we also have the right to bring qualifying claims in small claims court. In addition, you and we retain the right to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for provisional relief, including pre-arbitral attachments or preliminary injunctions, and any such request shall not be deemed incompatible with these Terms of Service, nor a waiver of the right to have disputes submitted to arbitration as provided in these Terms of Service. Neither you nor we may act as a class representative or private attorney general, nor participate as a member of a class of claimants, with respect to any Claim. Claims may not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis. The arbitrator can decide only your and/or our individual Claims. The arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated. The arbitrator may award in the arbitration the same damages or other relief available under applicable law, including injunctive and declaratory relief, as if the action were brought in court on an individual basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing or herein, the arbitrator may not issue a “public injunction” and any such “public injunction” may be awarded only by a federal or state court. If either party seeks a “public injunction,” all other claims and prayers for relief must be adjudicated in arbitration first and any prayer or claim for a “public injunction” in federal or state court stayed until the arbitration is completed, after which the federal or state court can adjudicate the party’s claim or prayer for “public injunctive relief.” In doing so, the federal or state court is bound under principles of claim or issue preclusion by the decision of the arbitrator. If any provision of this section is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then that specific provision shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed, but the remainder of this Section shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of this section of the Terms of Service will be effective or enforceable unless recorded in a writing signed by the party waiving such a right or requirement. Such a waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Terms of Service. This Section of the Terms will survive the termination of your relationship with us. This present Section entitled “Arbitration” shall only apply to Users located in the United States of America. THIS SECTION LIMITS CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION, THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY FORM OF CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM, THE RIGHT TO ENGAGE IN DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN AAA RULES, AND THE RIGHT TO CERTAIN REMEDIES AND FORMS OF RELIEF. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU OR WE WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. Back to Top Arbitration Agreement & Waiver of Certain Rights Except as set forth hereinabove, you and we agree that we will resolve any disputes between us (including any disputes between you and a third-party agent of ours) through binding and final arbitration instead of through court proceedings. You and we hereby waive any right to a jury trial of any Claim (defined below). All controversies, claims, counterclaims, or other disputes arising between you and us or you and a third-party agent of ours (each a "Claim") shall be submitted for binding arbitration in accordance with the Rules of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA Rules"). The arbitration will be heard and determined by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator's decision in any such arbitration will be final and binding upon the parties and may be enforced in any court of competent jurisdiction. You and we agree that the arbitration proceedings will be kept confidential and that the existence of the proceeding and any element of it (including, without limitation, any pleadings, briefs or other documents submitted or exchanged and any testimony or other oral submissions and awards) will not be disclosed beyond the arbitration proceedings, except as may lawfully be required in judicial proceedings relating to the arbitration, by applicable disclosure rules and regulations of securities regulatory authorities or other governmental agencies, or as specifically permitted by state law. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. However, the arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have the exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of these Terms of Service including, but not limited to, a claim that all or any part of these Terms of Service is void or voidable. Claim AAA Rules If you demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, we will pay as much of the administrative costs and arbitrator's fees required for the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the cost of the arbitration from being prohibitive. In the final award, the arbitrator may apportion the costs of arbitration and the compensation of the arbitrator among the parties in such amounts as the arbitrator deems appropriate. This arbitration agreement under this section does not preclude either party from seeking action by federal, state, or local government agencies. You and we also have the right to bring qualifying claims in small claims court. In addition, you and we retain the right to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for provisional relief, including pre-arbitral attachments or preliminary injunctions, and any such request shall not be deemed incompatible with these Terms of Service, nor a waiver of the right to have disputes submitted to arbitration as provided in these Terms of Service. Neither you nor we may act as a class representative or private attorney general, nor participate as a member of a class of claimants, with respect to any Claim. Claims may not be arbitrated on a class or representative basis. The arbitrator can decide only your and/or our individual Claims. The arbitrator may not consolidate or join the claims of other persons or parties who may be similarly situated. The arbitrator may award in the arbitration the same damages or other relief available under applicable law, including injunctive and declaratory relief, as if the action were brought in court on an individual basis. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing or herein, the arbitrator may not issue a “public injunction” and any such “public injunction” may be awarded only by a federal or state court. If either party seeks a “public injunction,” all other claims and prayers for relief must be adjudicated in arbitration first and any prayer or claim for a “public injunction” in federal or state court stayed until the arbitration is completed, after which the federal or state court can adjudicate the party’s claim or prayer for “public injunctive relief.” In doing so, the federal or state court is bound under principles of claim or issue preclusion by the decision of the arbitrator. If any provision of this section is found to be invalid or unenforceable, then that specific provision shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed, but the remainder of this Section shall continue in full force and effect. No waiver of any provision of this section of the Terms of Service will be effective or enforceable unless recorded in a writing signed by the party waiving such a right or requirement. Such a waiver shall not waive or affect any other portion of this Terms of Service. This Section of the Terms will survive the termination of your relationship with us. This present Section entitled “Arbitration” shall only apply to Users located in the United States of America. THIS SECTION LIMITS CERTAIN RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION, THE RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL, THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY FORM OF CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CLAIM, THE RIGHT TO ENGAGE IN DISCOVERY EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN AAA RULES, AND THE RIGHT TO CERTAIN REMEDIES AND FORMS OF RELIEF. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU OR WE WOULD HAVE IN COURT ALSO MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. Miscellaneous These Terms of Service, your use of this Website, and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of Cyprus, without regard to conflict of law rules. Nothing contained in these Terms of Service shall constitute an agreement to the application of the laws of any other nation to this Website. You agree that this Website shall be deemed a passive Website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over us, either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than Cyprus. The sole and exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any action or proceeding arising out of or related to these Terms of Service shall be in an appropriate court located in Limassol, Cyprus. You hereby submit to the jurisdiction and venue of said Courts. No waiver by us of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Service shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure by us to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Service is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Service, which shall remain in full force and effect. We may terminate these Terms of Service for any or no reason at any time by notifying you through a notice on this Website, by email, or by any other method of communication. Any such termination will be without prejudice to our rights, remedies, claims, or defenses hereunder. Upon termination of the Terms of Service, you will no longer have a right to access your account or your Content. We will not have any obligation to assist you in migrating your data or your Content and we may not keep any back up of any of your Content. We undertake no responsibility for deleting your Content under these Terms of Service. Note that, even if your Content is deleted from our active servers, it may remain in our archives (but we have no obligation to archive or back-up your Content), and subject to the licenses set forth in these Terms of Service. Privacy Policy Last Modified: September 21, 2023 Introduction Please read this privacy policy carefully, as your access to and use of our Website signifies that you have read and understand all terms within this privacy policy. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please see “Contact Information” below for information on how to contact us. Scope For the purposes of this privacy policy, “process”, “processed” or “processing” means any operation or set of operations performed on personal data or on sets of personal data (excluding disclosure thereof), whether or not by automated means, including one or several of the following operations: collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. Information on disclosure of personal data or of sets of personal data may be found in the “Disclosure of Your Personal Information” section below. This privacy policy applies to information we collect: on the Website and your email communications with the Website, through our mobile applications that provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and the Website, or when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services if those applications or advertising include links to this privacy policy. Back to Top Scope For the purposes of this privacy policy, “process”, “processed” or “processing” means any operation or set of operations performed on personal data or on sets of personal data (excluding disclosure thereof), whether or not by automated means, including one or several of the following operations: collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. Information on disclosure of personal data or of sets of personal data may be found in the “Disclosure of Your Personal Information” section below. This privacy policy applies to information we collect: The Data We Process About You We may process different kinds of personal data about you, depending on whether you chose to create an account with us. Persons who visit the Website without logging in or registering (“Unregistered Users”): Persons who choose to create an account on YouPorn (“Registered Users”) We process from registered users the same categories of information described above for unregistered users. We may process your data to produce and share aggregated insights that do not directly or indirectly identify you and are not associated with you. Such aggregate information is not personal information. The Sources from Which We Process Personal Information We process Personal Information in the following ways: Directly from you: We process the categories of information listed above directly from you. Automated technologies or interactions. As explained in the section below on Cookies and Automatic Data Processing Technologies , we set cookies and other automatic techniques to process website activity data when you visit the Website or other websites owned by our corporate group. Back to Top The Sources from Which We Process Personal Information We process Personal Information in the following ways: Purposes for Which We Process Your Personal Information We process personal information for the purposes described below. Provision of services: We process identifiers, website activity data, and, additionally, for registered users, contact information, and user contributions to present our Website and their contents to you, including any interactive features on our Website, to provide you with information,products or services that you request from us, and to verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes. Customer management (Registered Users Only): We process identifiers and contact information, to manage registered users’ account, to provide customer support and notices to the registered user about their account, and notices about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through them. Customization of content and marketing (Unregistered Users and Registered Users): We process for both Registered Users and Unregistered Users, identifiers and contact information,website activity data; and for Registered Users, user submitted personal information and user contributions to analyze your use of, or interest in, our website’s content, products, or services, in order to develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our Website. Analytics: We process identifiers and website activity data to determine whether users of our Website are unique, or whether the same user is using the Website on multiple occasions, and to monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, demographic patterns. Functionality and security: We may process any of the categories of data we process to diagnose or fix technology problems, and to detect, prevent, and respond to actual or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual property infringement. Compliance: We may process any of the categories of data we process to enforce our terms and conditions and to comply with our legal obligations. In certain jurisdictions, this includes our legal obligation to verify the age of users having access to our Website. We will process contact information and user submitted personal information in any other way we may describe when you provide the information (e.g., for a contest); or for any other purpose with your consent provided separately from this privacy policy. Back to Top Purposes for Which We Process Your Personal Information We process personal information for the purposes described below. Our Legal Bases Under European Union (EU) and Canadian Privacy Law We have the following legal bases under EU privacy law for processing your personal data for the purposes described under Purposes for Which We Process Your Personal Information section: We process personal data for the purposes of providing the services, customer management, certain customization of content (e.g., based on your selected preferences, favorites and ratings), and functionality and security because the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract,specifically it is necessary to provide the services or products you have requested, or to provide our Website and services in a manner consistent with our terms and conditions and any other contract that you have with us. We process personal data, including identifiers, because such processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. We process personal data for the purposes of customization of advertising, marketing, and analytics for our legitimate interests. We process personal data for functionality and security because it is necessary for our legitimate interests, and in certain cases because the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. We process personal information in specific circumstances where you have provided your consent to such processing. Back to Top Our Legal Bases Under European Union (EU) and Canadian Privacy Law We have the following legal bases under EU privacy law for processing your personal data for the purposes described under Purposes for Which We Process Your Personal Information section: Disclosure of Your Personal Information We disclose personal information: To the public: When you submit user contributions including audio/video content, you are using our Website and services to make that information public. Within our corporate group: We may disclose any of the categories of personal information to members of our corporate group (including affiliates and related entities) to the extent this is necessary for our purposes listed in the sections above. Service providers: We disclose the categories of personal information we process to our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include, identity and document authenticity verification including age verification, risk and fraud detection and mitigation, customer service, marketing and advertising, customization of content, analytics, security, or hosting our Website or supporting our Website’s functionality. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to process such information for any other purposes. Legal successors: We may disclose all of the categories of personal information we process to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, acquisition or sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding. To comply with the law or protect our rights or the rights of third parties: We access, preserve and share all of the categories of personal information with regulators, law enforcement or others where we reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities, security or technical issues, (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; or (e) to maintain and protect the security and integrity of our Website or infrastructure. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion. Back to Top Disclosure of Your Personal Information We disclose personal information: Cookies and Automatic Data Collection Technologies As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we use automatic data collection technologies to collect website activity data. We use cookies , which are small text files that are stored in your web browser or downloaded to your device when you visit a website. We currently use the following types of cookies, which are set by the Website’s domains, or by other domains we own or control: Analytics, Functionality and Advertising/Targeting cookies can be switched off at any time by accessing the ‘Manage cookies’ option that is located at the footer of our website. However, if you decline to accept these cookies, some functionality on our Website may be disabled and can interrupt your access to certain parts of our Website. Cookies can be either session cookies or persistent cookies. A session cookie expires automatically when you close your browser. A persistent cookie will remain until it expires, or you delete your cookies. Expiration dates are set in the cookies themselves; some may expire after a few minutes while others may expire after multiple years. Do Not Track: Our systems do not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals. Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Some content or applications, including advertisements, on YouPorn are provided or served by third parties. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you click to view, access, or use any of the third-party feature on YouPorn or directed to such third-party website. Unless expressly stated otherwise, YouPorn does not provide any personal information to these third parties, however, when you click on a third-party internet-based advertising, they may collect information, they may process information, including your IP address, advertisements you click, time zone setting and location, and information about your browser, operating system, and devices you use to access YouPorn to provide targeted content. You can set your browser to refuse all third-party cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Back to Top Third-party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Some content or applications, including advertisements, on YouPorn are provided or served by third parties. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you click to view, access, or use any of the third-party feature on YouPorn or directed to such third-party website. Unless expressly stated otherwise, YouPorn does not provide any personal information to these third parties, however, when you click on a third-party internet-based advertising, they may collect information, they may process information, including your IP address, advertisements you click, time zone setting and location, and information about your browser, operating system, and devices you use to access YouPorn to provide targeted content. You can set your browser to refuse all third-party cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Your Choices About How We Process and Disclose Your Personal Information We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. You can choose not to provide us with certain personal information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Website because such information may be required in order for you to register as a member; participate in a contest, promotion, survey, or sweepstakes; ask a question; or initiate other transactions on our Website. The Cookie Banner can be utilized to customize your cookie preferences. The Cookie Banner will record when you have consented to our cookies. For logged in users, we will ask for consent once a year or when we have major changes to our cookies, to ensure you stay up to date with changes to our cookies and privacy policies. For non-logged in users, your Cookie Banner selection will be kept only for the specific session. The Cookie Banner specifically controls the Functionality, Analytics, and Advertising cookies set by using our Website. Strictly necessary cookies cannot be disabled, nor can the tool be used to block cookies on third party websites linked from our Website. You can access the Cookie Banner anytime by clicking on the ‘Manage cookies’ option that is located at the footer of our Website. You can opt out of receiving marketing emails from us using the opt-out link provided in our emails or by changing your preferences in your account settings. You may use your account settings to delete your user contributions and audio/video information. You may also delete and deactivate your account with us at any time unless required not to do so by law or by a court order. If you do so, your profile will no longer be accessible by you. If you later choose to have an account with us, you will have to sign up for a new account as none of the information you previously provided or saved within your account will have been saved. Back to Top Your Choices About How We Process and Disclose Your Personal Information We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. Your Rights Related to Your Personal Information You have certain rights regarding the personal information we process and that is related to you, including the right: Please note that unless you have created an account with us, we may not have sufficient information to identify you and therefore may not be in a position to respond to your request. Additionally, in some cases in order to adequately verify your identity or your authorization to make the request, we may require you to provide additional information. Note that some requests to delete certain personal information will require the deletion of your user account as the provision of user accounts are inextricably linked to the processing of certain personal information (e.g., your e-mail address). California Rights and Choices The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides you certain rights in relation to your personal information: You can designate an agent to make a request by executing a notarized power of attorney to have that person act on your behalf and providing that person with the information listed above that allows us to verify your identity and locate your information. Alternatively, you will need to directly confirm your identity with us using the methods described above, sign an authorization for the agent to act on your behalf and provide us with confirmation that you have done so. We disclose certain categories of California residents’ personal information for our business purposes, as described in the section above titled Disclosure of Your Personal Information. Resident’s Rights – Jurisdictions in the United States, Where Applicable We do not sell, trade, or exchange the Registered Users’ personal information with anyone for money. Back to Top Resident’s Rights – Jurisdictions in the United States, Where Applicable We do not sell, trade, or exchange the Registered Users’ personal information with anyone for money. Notice to Law Enforcement The following information serves as a guideline for law enforcement officials seeking disclosure of records. You may serve us a valid court order, subpoena, search warrant or equivalent legal or official administrative document by respecting the following conditions: We reserve the right to refuse online service through our Website, namely in cases where the above requirements are not met and require formal legal service at the above address. In such an event, you will be notified. We may raise or waive any legal objection or right available, in our sole discretion. Transfers of Your Personal Information to Other Countries Where the laws of your country allow you to do so, by using the Website you consent to the transfer of information that we process about you, including personal information, to other countries in which we, members of our corporate group (including affiliates and related entities) or our service providers are located. When we transfer personal information to countries outside of the EEA or other regions with comprehensive data protection laws, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with the applicable laws. Where relevant, our transfers outside the EEA are made pursuant to standard contractual clauses approved for use by the EU. Back to Top Transfers of Your Personal Information to Other Countries Where the laws of your country allow you to do so, by using the Website you consent to the transfer of information that we process about you, including personal information, to other countries in which we, members of our corporate group (including affiliates and related entities) or our service providers are located. When we transfer personal information to countries outside of the EEA or other regions with comprehensive data protection laws, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with the applicable laws. Where relevant, our transfers outside the EEA are made pursuant to standard contractual clauses approved for use by the EU. Retention of Personal Information We will only retain your personal information for as long as your account is active, or for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we processed it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider a number of factors, including what personal data we are processing, the risk of harm from any unauthorised disclosure, why we are processing your personal data and whether we can achieve this outcome by another means without having to process it. Where we no longer need to process your personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, we will delete your personal information from our systems. Where permissible, we will also delete your personal information upon your request as explained above in the section “Your Rights Related to Your Personal Information” . Back to Top Retention of Personal Information We will only retain your personal information for as long as your account is active, or for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we processed it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider a number of factors, including what personal data we are processing, the risk of harm from any unauthorised disclosure, why we are processing your personal data and whether we can achieve this outcome by another means without having to process it. Where we no longer need to process your personal information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, we will delete your personal information from our systems. Where permissible, we will also delete your personal information upon your request as explained above in the section “Your Rights Related to Your Personal Information” . Third-Party Links and Sites If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party practices. Back to Top Third-Party Links and Sites If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third-party practices. Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time. If we change anything in our privacy policy, the date of change will be reflected in the “last modified date”. We may attempt to notify you of any material changes as required by law. Please also periodically review the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy, which will be posted at this location, so you are aware of any changes. Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may modify or revise our privacy policy from time to time. If we change anything in our privacy policy, the date of change will be reflected in the “last modified date”. We may attempt to notify you of any material changes as required by law. Please also periodically review the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy, which will be posted at this location, so you are aware of any changes. Contact Information You may also contact us at 195-197 Old Nicosia-Limassol Road, Block 1 Dali Industrial Zone, Cyprus 2540, Phone: +357 22662 320, Fax: +357 22343 282. Manage My Data With respect to Data Protection Laws in users’ jurisdictions, YouPorn Registered Users may request for a copy of their personal data as well as request YouPorn to delete their personal data. Note: AdBlocker add-ons interfere with the Manage My Data system. Please disable them. RTA Advertise on YouPorn Name:* E-mail:* Subject: My site: I'm interested in: Global Traffic Geo-targeted Traffic Comments:* Success! Your inquiry has been sent successfully. YouPorn Support will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible. Your inquiry has been sent successfully. YouPorn Support will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible. Success Your inquiry has been sent successfully. YouPorn support will respond to your inqury as soon as possible. OK Your inquiry has been sent successfully. YouPorn support will respond to your inqury as soon as possible. Error An error happened while submitting your request. Please try again later or contact customer support. Thank you. OK An error happened while submitting your request. Please try again later or contact customer support. Thank you. COPYRIGHT POLICY Last Modified: August 17, 2023 Reporting Claims of Copyright Infringement If you believe any material accessible on YouPorn infringes your copyright, you may submit a copyright infringement notification (see below, “Filing a DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement” for instructions on filing such a notice). These requests should only be submitted by the copyright owner or an agent authorized to act on the owner’s behalf. If we remove or disable access to material in response to such a notice, we will take reasonable steps to notify the user that uploaded the affected content material that we have removed or disabled access to so that the user has the opportunity to submit a counter notification (see below, “Counter-Notification Procedures” for instructions on filing a counter notification). It is our policy to document all notices of alleged infringement on which we act. All copyright infringement notifications and counter-notifications must be written in English. Any attempted notifications written in foreign languages or using foreign characters may, at our discretion, be deemed non-compliant and disregarded. Filing a DMCA Notice of Copyright Infringement If you choose to request removal of content by submitting an infringement notification, please remember that you are initiating a legal process. Do not make false claims. Misuse of this process may result in the suspension of your account or other legal consequences. Do not make false claims. Misuse of this process may result in the suspension of your account or other legal consequences. In accordance with the DMCA, the written notice (the “DMCA Notice”) must include substantially the following: Our designated Copyright Agent to receive DMCA Notices is: Lawrence G. Walters Walters Law Group 195 W. Pine Ave. Longwood, FL 32750 Email: copyright@aylofreesites.com Please do not send other inquiries or requests to our designated copyright agent. Absent prior express permission, our designated copyright agent is not authorized to accept or waive service of formal legal process, and any agency relationship beyond that required to receive valid DMCA Notices or Counter-Notices (as defined below) is expressly disclaimed. If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective. Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on YouPorn is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA. The copyright owner’s name will be published on YouPorn in place of disabled content. This will become part of the public record of your DMCA Notice, along with your description of the work(s) allegedly infringed. All the information provided in a DMCA Notice, the actual DMCA Notice (including your personal information), or both may be forwarded to the uploader of the allegedly infringing content. By submitting a DMCA Notice, you consent to having your information revealed in this way. Counter-Notification Procedures If you have received a DMCA Notice and believe that material you posted on YouPorn was removed or access to it was disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may file a counter-notification with us (a “Counter-Notice”). Counter notifications must be submitted by the video’s original uploader or an agent authorized to act on their behalf. Counter-notices must be sent to our designated agent: Please do not send other inquiries or requests to our designated copyright agent. Absent prior express permission, our designated copyright agent is not authorized to accept or waive service of formal legal process, and any agency relationship beyond that required to receive valid DMCA Notices or Counter-Notices is expressly disclaimed. Pursuant to the DMCA, the Counter-Notice must include substantially the following: We will not respond to Counter-Notices that do not meet the requirements set out above. After we receive your Counter Notice, we will forward it to the party who submitted the original DMCA Notice and inform that party that the removed material may be restored after ten (10) business days but no later than fourteen (14) business days from the date we received your Counter Notice, unless our Designated Agent first receives notice from the party who filed the original DMCA Notice informing us that such party has filed a court action to restrain you from engaging in infringing activity related to the material in question. Please note that when we forward your Counter Notice, it will include your personal information. By submitting a counter notification, you consent to having your information revealed in this way. We will not forward the counter notification to any party other than the original claimant or to law enforcement or parties that assist us with enforcing and protecting our rights. Please be aware that if you knowingly materially misrepresent that material or activity on YouPorn was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) under Section 512(f) of the DMCA. Repeat Infringers In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating or disabling, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, the accounts of users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also at our sole discretion limit access to YouPorn, terminate or disable the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement. Video Fingerprinting We use MediaWise®, an automated audiovisual identification system, to assist us in identifying and blocking potentially infringing content from being uploaded by users. Videos uploaded to YouPorn are compared against a database of digital fingerprints. When a video is matched to a digital fingerprint, access to it is disabled. 2257 18 U.S.C. §2257 Record Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. The operator of Youporn is not the producer (whether primary or secondary as defined in 18 U.S.C. § 2257) of any of the content found on Youporn. The operator’s activities, with respect to such content, are limited to the transmission, storage, retrieval, hosting and/or formatting of depictions posted by third party users, on areas of the website under the user's control. Please direct any request you may have regarding §2257 records in relation to any content found on Youporn, directly to the respective uploader, amateur, producer, studio or account holder of the content ("Verified Uploaders"). Youporn abides by the following strict compliance procedures regarding uploaded content: Select a Category General Support/Technical Support Request Login Information Request Video be Removed Cancel Free Account Cancel Premium Account Premium/HD Services Broken Link Chat Mobile Video Streaming Video Download Video Upload Inappropriate Content Content Partner Program & Advertisers Suggestions (Feedback/Comments) Report Issues with Ads Media Inquiries Email Address* Username Subject* Message* Screenshot picture Success! Your inquiry has been sent successfully. YouPorn Support will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible.. Your inquiry has been sent successfully. YouPorn Support will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible.. For media inquiries, please contact media@youporn.com Success! Your inquiry has been sent successfully. YouPorn Support will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible. Ok Success! FAQ General Account Management Account Settings Video / Upload Management Site Features Advertisers & Content Partners Other What is YouPorn? If you haven't figured it out by now, it's shocking that you've made it this far. YouPorn is a 100% free streaming adult video site hosting hundreds of thousands of videos from every genre imaginable that services more than 15 million visitors worldwide every day. What is YouPorn? If you haven't figured it out by now, it's shocking that you've made it this far. YouPorn is a 100% free streaming adult video site hosting hundreds of thousands of videos from every genre imaginable that services more than 15 million visitors worldwide every day. I want to make sure a video of me or my content never gets uploaded to YouPorn / the Pornhub Network. Where do I sign up? I signed up but never received an activation email, what do I do now? Help! I forgot my password, how can I retrieve it? I forgot my password and signed up before 2012, what now? Uh oh, I forgot my username, how can I retrieve it? Can I change my password? * You can change your password at any time. To do so, click on your username in the top right corner of the site, select "Settings" from the drop-down menu, and then click "Change password" in the left hand menu. Fill out the form, hit save, and you're good to go. Where do I update my email address? * If you've changed email addresses, or signed up before 2012 and never had one associated with your account, click on your username in the top right corner of the site, select "Settings" from the drop-down menu, and then click "Edit/add email" in the left hand menu. Fill out the form, hit save, and you're email address will be updated. * Note: you must be logged in to an existing YouPorn.com account to complete these actions. Can I change my password? * You can change your password at any time. To do so, click on your username in the top right corner of the site, select "Settings" from the drop-down menu, and then click "Change password" in the left hand menu. Fill out the form, hit save, and you're good to go. Can I change my password? * You can change your password at any time. To do so, click on your username in the top right corner of the site, select "Settings" from the drop-down menu, and then click "Change password" in the left hand menu. Fill out the form, hit save, and you're good to go. Where do I update my email address? * If you've changed email addresses, or signed up before 2012 and never had one associated with your account, click on your username in the top right corner of the site, select "Settings" from the drop-down menu, and then click "Edit/add email" in the left hand menu. Fill out the form, hit save, and you're email address will be updated. Where do I update my email address? * If you've changed email addresses, or signed up before 2012 and never had one associated with your account, click on your username in the top right corner of the site, select "Settings" from the drop-down menu, and then click "Edit/add email" in the left hand menu. Fill out the form, hit save, and you're email address will be updated. * Note: you must be logged in to an existing YouPorn.com account to complete these actions. How do I upload a video? * Only content partners and people within the Model Program are able to upload content to YouPorn. How do I upload a video? * Only content partners and people within the Model Program are able to upload content to YouPorn. How do I delete the video(s) I uploaded? The videos won't stream, what's wrong? How do I add a video to my Favorites? * Any video on YouPorn.com can be added to Your Favorites simply by clicking the heart shaped button below the video. You can also add a video to Your Favorites from any non-video player page by tapping the 'i' icon under the thumbnail and tapping the heart icon "Add to Favorites". How do I add a video to my Favorites? * Any video on YouPorn.com can be added to Your Favorites simply by clicking the heart shaped button below the video. You can also add a video to Your Favorites from any non-video player page by tapping the 'i' icon under the thumbnail and tapping the heart icon "Add to Favorites". Can I remove a video from my Favorites? * Where can I make a Collection? * All other pages:Making a collection is easy. Find a video you'd like to include in your collection, tap the 'i' icon under the thumbnail, tap the folder icon 'Add to Collection...' and click on 'New Collection' at the bottom of the dialog. Enter a title for your new collection, click save, and a new collection will be created with that video in it. Video Page:To create a new collection from a video page, click the '+' icon below the video, go to 'Add to Collection...' and click on 'New Collection' at the bottom of the dialog, enter a title for your new collection, click save, and a new collection will be created with that video in it. Where can I make a Collection? * All other pages:Making a collection is easy. Find a video you'd like to include in your collection, tap the 'i' icon under the thumbnail, tap the folder icon 'Add to Collection...' and click on 'New Collection' at the bottom of the dialog. Enter a title for your new collection, click save, and a new collection will be created with that video in it. Video Page:To create a new collection from a video page, click the '+' icon below the video, go to 'Add to Collection...' and click on 'New Collection' at the bottom of the dialog, enter a title for your new collection, click save, and a new collection will be created with that video in it. All other pages:Making a collection is easy. Find a video you'd like to include in your collection, tap the 'i' icon under the thumbnail, tap the folder icon 'Add to Collection...' and click on 'New Collection' at the bottom of the dialog. Enter a title for your new collection, click save, and a new collection will be created with that video in it. All other pages: Video Page:To create a new collection from a video page, click the '+' icon below the video, go to 'Add to Collection...' and click on 'New Collection' at the bottom of the dialog, enter a title for your new collection, click save, and a new collection will be created with that video in it. Video Page: How can I add a video to my Collections? * To add a new video to an existing collection from any non-video player page, tap the 'i' icon under the thumbnail, tap the folder icon 'Add to Collection...' and click on the title of the existing collection you'd like to add the video to. To add a new video to an existing collection from any video player page, just click the 'Add to Collection' button below the video and select the existing collection you'd like to add the video to. How can I add a video to my Collections? * To add a new video to an existing collection from any non-video player page, tap the 'i' icon under the thumbnail, tap the folder icon 'Add to Collection...' and click on the title of the existing collection you'd like to add the video to. To add a new video to an existing collection from any video player page, just click the 'Add to Collection' button below the video and select the existing collection you'd like to add the video to. To add a new video to an existing collection from any non-video player page, tap the 'i' icon under the thumbnail, tap the folder icon 'Add to Collection...' and click on the title of the existing collection you'd like to add the video to. To add a new video to an existing collection from any video player page, just click the 'Add to Collection' button below the video and select the existing collection you'd like to add the video to. Can I create a Channel? How do I subscribe to a Channel/Pornstar/User? * To subscribe to a User, click the "Subscribe" button beside their username found below the bottom right corner of any user submitted video. Where can I find my subscriptions? * How do I unsubscribe from a Channel/Pornstar/User? * To unsubscribe from a Channel, Pornstar, or User, click on your username in the top right corner of the site, select "Subscriptions" from the drop-down menu, select the Channel, Pornstar, or User you would like to unsubscribe from under the subscriptions list on the left side of the page, then click on the "Unsubscribe" button to the right of the page above the list of videos. You can also unsubscribe from Channels, Pornstars, and Users, by simply clicking the "Unsubscribe" button found on any Channel, Pornstar, or User pages. How do I unsubscribe from a Channel/Pornstar/User? * To unsubscribe from a Channel, Pornstar, or User, click on your username in the top right corner of the site, select "Subscriptions" from the drop-down menu, select the Channel, Pornstar, or User you would like to unsubscribe from under the subscriptions list on the left side of the page, then click on the "Unsubscribe" button to the right of the page above the list of videos. You can also unsubscribe from Channels, Pornstars, and Users, by simply clicking the "Unsubscribe" button found on any Channel, Pornstar, or User pages. To unsubscribe from a Channel, Pornstar, or User, click on your username in the top right corner of the site, select "Subscriptions" from the drop-down menu, select the Channel, Pornstar, or User you would like to unsubscribe from under the subscriptions list on the left side of the page, then click on the "Unsubscribe" button to the right of the page above the list of videos. You can also unsubscribe from Channels, Pornstars, and Users, by simply clicking the "Unsubscribe" button found on any Channel, Pornstar, or User pages. I'd like to buy an Ad on YouPorn, how does that work? I run an adult website, do you have an affiliate/partner program? Can I embed YouPorn.com videos on my site? Absolutely. To embed a single video on your website, simply click the "Embed" button below any video, copy the provided code from the pop-up, and paste the code into your site. Can I embed YouPorn.com videos on my site? Absolutely. To embed a single video on your website, simply click the "Embed" button below any video, copy the provided code from the pop-up, and paste the code into your site. I've a great idea to make YouPorn.com better, where can I send it? Does YouPorn.com have any social media accounts I can follow? I'm a member of the media, who can I contact with questions? My question wasn't answered here, what can I do now? DMCA Takedown Form Content To Be Removed Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Add content first before choosing to add another. + Add another content Contact Information First Name: Last Name: Email Address: Phone Number: Copyright holder name (ex: company or full legal name): Address: City: State/Region/Province: Country: SelectAlgeriaArgentinaAustraliaAustriaBelgiumBrazilBulgariaCanadaChileColombiaCroatiaCzech RepublicDenmarkEgyptFinlandFranceGermanyGreeceHungaryIndiaIndonesiaIrelandIsraelItalyJapanMalaysiaMexicoMoroccoNetherlandsNew ZealandNorwayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalRomaniaRussian FederationSerbiaSouth AfricaSpainSwedenSwitzerlandTaiwanThailandTunisiaUkraineUnited KingdomUnited StatesVenezuelaVietnam ZIP/Postal Code: Check the following boxes to state that: Each box below must be checked * UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY, you are the owner or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. You have a good faith belief that the use of the content in the manner complained of, is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. The information in this notification is accurate. You acknowledge that you may be subject to liability if you knowingly make a material misrepresentation that activity is infringing. Fair use should also be taken into consideration. You acknowledge that abuse of this tool may result in termination of your account. Please Note: The copyright owner’s name will be published on YouPorn in place of the disabled content. This will become part of the public record of your request, along with your description of the work(s) allegedly infringed. All the information provided in this DMCA Takedown Form (including your personal information) are part of the full takedown notice and may be forwarded to the uploader of the allegedly infringing content. By submitting this form you consent to having your information revealed in this way. We reserve the right to challenge abuses of the DMCA process, and your use of this form does not waive that right. Type Your Full Name Here To Provide Your Electronic Signature: Electronic Signature: Submit DMCA Takedown Form Content To Be Removed Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Add content first before choosing to add another. + Add another content Contact Information First Name: Last Name: Email Address: Phone Number: Copyright holder name (ex: company or full legal name): Address: City: State/Region/Province: Country: SelectAlgeriaArgentinaAustraliaAustriaBelgiumBrazilBulgariaCanadaChileColombiaCroatiaCzech RepublicDenmarkEgyptFinlandFranceGermanyGreeceHungaryIndiaIndonesiaIrelandIsraelItalyJapanMalaysiaMexicoMoroccoNetherlandsNew ZealandNorwayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalRomaniaRussian FederationSerbiaSouth AfricaSpainSwedenSwitzerlandTaiwanThailandTunisiaUkraineUnited KingdomUnited StatesVenezuelaVietnam ZIP/Postal Code: Check the following boxes to state that: Each box below must be checked * UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY, you are the owner or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. You have a good faith belief that the use of the content in the manner complained of, is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. The information in this notification is accurate. You acknowledge that you may be subject to liability if you knowingly make a material misrepresentation that activity is infringing. Fair use should also be taken into consideration. You acknowledge that abuse of this tool may result in termination of your account. Please Note: The copyright owner’s name will be published on YouPorn in place of the disabled content. This will become part of the public record of your request, along with your description of the work(s) allegedly infringed. All the information provided in this DMCA Takedown Form (including your personal information) are part of the full takedown notice and may be forwarded to the uploader of the allegedly infringing content. By submitting this form you consent to having your information revealed in this way. We reserve the right to challenge abuses of the DMCA process, and your use of this form does not waive that right. Type Your Full Name Here To Provide Your Electronic Signature: Electronic Signature: Submit Content To Be Removed Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Location (URL) of the allegedly infringing work or material: Location (URL) of the work or material being infringed: Description of the work claimed to be infringed: Please Choose My or my company's, organization's or client's video My or my company's, organization's or client's photo My or my company's, organization's or client's original music or song My or my company's, organization's or client's software My or my company's, organization's or client's artwork Other Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Title of original video: Title of original photo: Title of original music or song: Title of software: Title of artwork: Type of copyrighted work: Title of copyrighted work: Add content first before choosing to add another. First Name: Last Name: Email Address: Phone Number: Copyright holder name (ex: company or full legal name): First Name: Last Name: Email Address: Phone Number: Email Address: Phone Number: Copyright holder name (ex: company or full legal name): Address: City: State/Region/Province: Country: SelectAlgeriaArgentinaAustraliaAustriaBelgiumBrazilBulgariaCanadaChileColombiaCroatiaCzech RepublicDenmarkEgyptFinlandFranceGermanyGreeceHungaryIndiaIndonesiaIrelandIsraelItalyJapanMalaysiaMexicoMoroccoNetherlandsNew ZealandNorwayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalRomaniaRussian FederationSerbiaSouth AfricaSpainSwedenSwitzerlandTaiwanThailandTunisiaUkraineUnited KingdomUnited StatesVenezuelaVietnam ZIP/Postal Code: Address: City: State/Region/Province: Country: SelectAlgeriaArgentinaAustraliaAustriaBelgiumBrazilBulgariaCanadaChileColombiaCroatiaCzech RepublicDenmarkEgyptFinlandFranceGermanyGreeceHungaryIndiaIndonesiaIrelandIsraelItalyJapanMalaysiaMexicoMoroccoNetherlandsNew ZealandNorwayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalRomaniaRussian FederationSerbiaSouth AfricaSpainSwedenSwitzerlandTaiwanThailandTunisiaUkraineUnited KingdomUnited StatesVenezuelaVietnam ZIP/Postal Code: Country: SelectAlgeriaArgentinaAustraliaAustriaBelgiumBrazilBulgariaCanadaChileColombiaCroatiaCzech RepublicDenmarkEgyptFinlandFranceGermanyGreeceHungaryIndiaIndonesiaIrelandIsraelItalyJapanMalaysiaMexicoMoroccoNetherlandsNew ZealandNorwayPeruPhilippinesPolandPortugalRomaniaRussian FederationSerbiaSouth AfricaSpainSwedenSwitzerlandTaiwanThailandTunisiaUkraineUnited KingdomUnited StatesVenezuelaVietnam ZIP/Postal Code: Check the following boxes to state that: Each box below must be checked * Each box below must be checked * UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY, you are the owner or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. You have a good faith belief that the use of the content in the manner complained of, is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. The information in this notification is accurate. You acknowledge that you may be subject to liability if you knowingly make a material misrepresentation that activity is infringing. Fair use should also be taken into consideration. You acknowledge that abuse of this tool may result in termination of your account. UNDER PENALTY OF PERJURY, you are the owner or an agent authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. You have a good faith belief that the use of the content in the manner complained of, is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. The information in this notification is accurate. You acknowledge that you may be subject to liability if you knowingly make a material misrepresentation that activity is infringing. Fair use should also be taken into consideration. You acknowledge that abuse of this tool may result in termination of your account. Please Note: The copyright owner’s name will be published on YouPorn in place of the disabled content. This will become part of the public record of your request, along with your description of the work(s) allegedly infringed. All the information provided in this DMCA Takedown Form (including your personal information) are part of the full takedown notice and may be forwarded to the uploader of the allegedly infringing content. By submitting this form you consent to having your information revealed in this way. We reserve the right to challenge abuses of the DMCA process, and your use of this form does not waive that right. The copyright owner’s name will be published on YouPorn in place of the disabled content. This will become part of the public record of your request, along with your description of the work(s) allegedly infringed. All the information provided in this DMCA Takedown Form (including your personal information) are part of the full takedown notice and may be forwarded to the uploader of the allegedly infringing content. By submitting this form you consent to having your information revealed in this way. We reserve the right to challenge abuses of the DMCA process, and your use of this form does not waive that right. Type Your Full Name Here To Provide Your Electronic Signature: Electronic Signature: Success! Your DMCA takedown request has been sent successfully. Close Your DMCA takedown request has been sent successfully. Error An error happened while submitting your request. Please try again later or contact customer support. Thank you. Close Error In order to submit this form you must disable AdBlock. Close In order to submit this form you must disable AdBlock. EU Digital Services Act As of July 31, 2023, Youporn has 7.2 million average monthly recipients of the service in the European Union, calculated as an average over the period of the past six months. gay porn Age Verification This website contains age-restricted materials including nudity and explicit depictions of sexual activity. By entering, you affirm that you are at least 18 years of age or the age of majority in the jurisdiction you are accessing the website from and you consent to viewing sexually explicit content. © YouPorn.com 2023