Last Updated: 14 December 2023 This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Advance Magazine Publishers, Inc. and its worldwide affiliates, subsidiaries, and related entities operating under the Condé Nast brand (“Condé Nast,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) collect, use, disclose, and retain personal information about individuals that interact with each website, mobile site, application, marketing campaign, event, email, newsletter, and other online or offline activity, offering, or publication that links to or references this Policy (collectively, the “Services”). This Policy also describes the rights that you may have regarding our processing of your personal information under applicable local law.  1. Categories of Personal Information We Collect About YouPersonal information is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly to you. Depending on the Services you use, we may collect the following categories of personal information about you directly from you, automatically through your use of the Services, and from third parties.Identifiers, such as your name, signature, postal address, zip code, email address, telephone number, unique online identifier, IP address, user ID, device ID, or similar identifier.Characteristics of protected classification under applicable law, such as your gender, age (over 40), marital status, nationality, and country of origin.Commercial information, such as your purchase, registration, log-in and Services usage history.Payment records, such as your financial account information, credit card number, debit card number, or other payment card information, when necessary for the Services.Internet or other electronic network activity, such as your browser type and operating system; browsing history, clickstream data, search history on the Services, and information regarding your interaction with an internet website, application, email, newsletter, or advertisement, including access logs and other activity information related to your use of our Services; the length of time you visit our Services; and the referring URL, or the website or application that led you to our Services.Geolocation data, such as the general physical location of your device.Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as voice recordings, video recordings, physical characteristics or description, and photos.Professional information, such as occupation, employment history, professional contact information, education history, or other information provided by you in connection with the Services.Inferences, such as inferences drawn to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes.Sensitive personal information, as defined under applicable local law, such as certain characteristics of protected classifications as defined above, account login credentials and passwords, and financial account information, credit card number, debit card number, or other payment card information.Information We Collect Directly From You. We collect personal information directly from you when you use our Services, such as when you provide us with information online or at an in-person event (e.g., enter a contest, submit a survey, upload or otherwise provide content or comments). If you register for an account or set up a profile through our Services, we may collect your name, login credentials and password information, telephone number(s), postal address, email address, and information regarding your age, gender, or preferences (such as whether you want to receive newsletters). If you make a purchase through our Services, we may collect your financial account information, credit card number, debit card number, or other payment card information. If you contact us, we may collect information such as your name, email address, social media handles, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information that you choose to provide. We also may collect information that you provide about other people, for example, when you purchase one of our products as a gift.Information We Collect From Other Sources. We collect personal information about you from other sources, such as third party consumer data suppliers/resellers, data enrichment providers and aggregators, advertising networks, data analytics providers, internet service providers, operating systems and platforms, data brokers, social networks, business contact databases, government entities, other users, and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and other related entities.Social Network Integration. If you choose to interact with us on social networking services or use features, such as plugins, widgets, or other tools made available by third party social networking services in connection with our Service, we may collect personal information that has been made available to those services, including personal information about your contacts on those services. For example, some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service. Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service.Information We Collect Automatically. We, and our third party business partners, automatically collect personal information when you use our Services using cookies, pixel tags, clear GIFs, or similar technologies. This may include information such as your IP address and the types of personal information described above as “Internet or other electronic network activity.” Please review our section below on “Our Use of Cookies and Related Technologies” for additional information regarding our use of cookies and related technologies. Personal information is information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly to you. Depending on the Services you use, we may collect the following categories of personal information about you directly from you, automatically through your use of the Services, and from third parties. Information We Collect Directly From You. We collect personal information directly from you when you use our Services, such as when you provide us with information online or at an in-person event (e.g., enter a contest, submit a survey, upload or otherwise provide content or comments). If you register for an account or set up a profile through our Services, we may collect your name, login credentials and password information, telephone number(s), postal address, email address, and information regarding your age, gender, or preferences (such as whether you want to receive newsletters). If you make a purchase through our Services, we may collect your financial account information, credit card number, debit card number, or other payment card information. If you contact us, we may collect information such as your name, email address, social media handles, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information that you choose to provide. We also may collect information that you provide about other people, for example, when you purchase one of our products as a gift. Information We Collect From Other Sources. We collect personal information about you from other sources, such as third party consumer data suppliers/resellers, data enrichment providers and aggregators, advertising networks, data analytics providers, internet service providers, operating systems and platforms, data brokers, social networks, business contact databases, government entities, other users, and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates and other related entities. Social Network Integration. If you choose to interact with us on social networking services or use features, such as plugins, widgets, or other tools made available by third party social networking services in connection with our Service, we may collect personal information that has been made available to those services, including personal information about your contacts on those services. For example, some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service. Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service. Information We Collect Automatically. We, and our third party business partners, automatically collect personal information when you use our Services using cookies, pixel tags, clear GIFs, or similar technologies. This may include information such as your IP address and the types of personal information described above as “Internet or other electronic network activity.” Please review our section below on “Our Use of Cookies and Related Technologies” for additional information regarding our use of cookies and related technologies. 2. How We Use Your Information And The Basis On Which We Use It We use the categories of personal information described above for the following business and commercial purposes: To Provide Our Services and Fulfill Your Requests. We use your information to provide and maintain our Services, to process and fulfill your requests or orders, to communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, and for other customer service and business administration purposes.To Improve Our Services. We use your information to understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Services, to improve and enhance the Services, and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.Identification and Authentication Purposes. We may use your information for identification and authentication purposes. For example, when you enter your login ID and/or password to enter one of our registration or login portals, we use your credentials and password for authentication purposes.Personalization. We use your information to tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, to provide personalized offers, personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Services.Marketing and Promotional Purposes. We may use your information to send you news and newsletters, event updates, and to communicate with you about new features, events, or products offered by us or our third party business partners, including our advertising, marketing, and sponsorship clients. We may also use your information to gather broad demographic information, to analyze trends, to seek compatible advertisers, sponsors, clients and customers, and to track users' movements around the Service and elsewhere on the internet or across apps or devices (including for “OBA” as described below). Your general geolocation data may specifically be used to show you content (including advertising and sponsored messaging) based on your general geographic location. Where required by applicable law, we will obtain your prior consent before using your personal information for marketing and promotional purposes.Combining Information. We (and our third party business partners) may merge, co-mingle, or otherwise combine information, including your personal information, in furtherance of the purposes described above.To Comply With Legal Obligations. We may use your information where we believe necessary to comply with our legal obligations or to exercise or defend our rights or the rights of a third party, including complying with law enforcement or government authority requests and participating in compliance audits.To Protect Us and Others. We may use your information where we believe necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities, fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or to otherwise enforce this Policy or the integrity of the Services.Deidentified Data. We may also deidentify or anonymize your data in such a way that you may not reasonably be re-identified by us or another party, and we may use this deidentified data for any purpose permitted under applicable law. To the extent we deidentify any data originally based on personal information, we will maintain and use such data in deidentified form and will not attempt to reidentify the data.Where required by applicable local law, our legal bases for processing your information are as follows:Performance of a contract: We process personal information where necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations to you. For example, to provide the Services to you, including where you make a purchase, enter a sweepstakes, sign-up to attend an event or conference, or engage in another transaction with us.Compliance with legal obligations: We process personal information where necessary to comply with the legal obligations to which we are subject. For example, to cooperate with public and government authorities, courts, or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations, to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of personal information to protect our rights.Legitimate interests: We process your personal information where necessary to serve our legitimate business interests. For example, to ensure that we can effectively manage and communicate regarding our business, to perform investigations or compliance audits, to tailor the content and information we may send or display to you, to improve the Services, to exercise or defend our rights, and for business administration purposes. When we use personal information to meet our legitimate interests, and where required by applicable local law, we take steps to ensure that your rights are protected. You can contact us using the details in the “Contact Us” section below for information about how we use your personal information under this legal basis.Consent: Where required by applicable law, we process personal information on the basis of your consent. To the extent we obtain your consent to process your personal information, you may have the right to withdraw your consent under applicable local law. To exercise this right, please contact us using the details in the “Contact Us” section of this Policy. If you appear in content submitted to the Services, we may ask the person submitting the content to obtain your consent. We use the categories of personal information described above for the following business and commercial purposes: Where required by applicable local law, our legal bases for processing your information are as follows: We may disclose each of the categories of personal information described above for our business and commercial purposes as follows: We may also disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: You may have certain rights regarding our processing of your personal information under applicable local law, including if you are a consumer in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, or a data subject in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland. If our processing of your personal information is governed by such laws, this section provides you with additional information regarding your rights and our processing of your personal information under applicable local law. Our processing of your personal information As may be required under applicable local law, below is a chart that describes our business and commercial purposes for processing your personal information, as well as the categories of third parties to whom we may disclose, “sell,” or “share” for cross-contextual behavioral advertising (as those terms are defined under applicable law) the categories of personal information described above for our business and commercial purposes. To opt-out of our “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information under applicable local law, please see our section below on Your Privacy Choices and Rights; Submitting Requests for additional details. Retention Your personal information will be held for only so long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it was originally collected, and in accordance with applicable local law. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy. When assessing retention periods, we first examine whether it is necessary to retain the personal information collected and, if retention is required, work to retain the personal information for the shortest possible period permissible under applicable law. Your Privacy Choices and Rights; Submitting Requests Under Applicable Local Laws Depending on the jurisdiction in which you live, including if you are a consumer in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, or a data subject in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you may have the following rights under applicable local law: These rights may be limited or denied in some circumstances. For example, we may retain your personal information where required or permitted by applicable law. We may “sell” or “share” for cross-contextual behavioral advertising your personal information (as these terms are defined under applicable local law). We do not have actual knowledge of selling or sharing the personal information of consumers that are at least 13 and less than 16 years of age. To the extent we have actual knowledge that a consumer is at least 13 and less than 16 years of age, we will request affirmative authorization from the individual before selling or sharing the personal information, to the extent required under applicable local law. We use and disclose certain of your sensitive personal information for OBA and cross-contextual behavioral advertising. To learn more about your rights to limit our use and disclosure of sensitive personal information under applicable local law, please see the section below on Submitting Requests. Submitting Requests To exercise your rights under applicable local law or if you are an authorized agent or parent or guardian seeking to exercise rights on behalf of a minor in accordance with applicable local law (specifically, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia) please follow the instructions provided below. Verification We reserve the right to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your requests to know, correct, or delete. For example, we may seek to establish your identity to a reasonable or a reasonably high degree of certainty by matching information that you submit alongside your request with information that we have in our records. We may ask you or your authorized agent for supplemental information as needed to establish your identity. Authorized agents may also be required to provide a copy of the consumer’s signed permission authorizing the agent to submit requests on the consumer’s behalf under applicable local law. Appeals You may have a right to appeal a decision we make relating to requests to exercise your rights under applicable local law. To appeal a decision, please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator by email at privacy_administration@condenast.com or as described at the end of this document. California Online Erasure. California’s "Online Erasure" law, Business and Professions Code §§ 22580-22582, requires operators of certain websites and online services to allow registered users who are under the age of 18 and residents of California to request removal of content they post. If you fit that description and posted content on a section of our Service that is directed to California residents at least 13 and younger than 18 years of age, you may request removal of the content by contacting our Privacy Policy Coordinator by email at privacy_administration@condenast.com or as described at the end of this document. In response to your request, we may elect to make the content invisible to other users and the public (rather than deleting it entirely), in which case the content may remain on servers we control and/or may be publicly available elsewhere if a third party copied and reposted the content. 7. Opt-Out of Marketing CommunicationsIf you do not wish to receive future marketing or other commercial messages from us, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive. Note, however, that you may continue to receive certain communications from us that are necessary for the Service, such as renewal notifications, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative service bulletins. If you do not wish to receive future marketing or other commercial messages from us, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive. Note, however, that you may continue to receive certain communications from us that are necessary for the Service, such as renewal notifications, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative service bulletins. 8. Security of My InformationWe implement physical, technical, and organizational security measures designed to safeguard personal information. These measures are aimed to protect the personal information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security. We implement physical, technical, and organizational security measures designed to safeguard personal information. These measures are aimed to protect the personal information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security. 9. Third Party LinksOur Services may contain links to third-party websites and applications. Any access to and use of such linked websites and applications is not governed by this Policy, but is instead governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites and applications. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites and applications. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party websites or applications that you choose to visit. Our Services may contain links to third-party websites and applications. Any access to and use of such linked websites and applications is not governed by this Policy, but is instead governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites and applications. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third party websites and applications. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party websites or applications that you choose to visit. 10. Be Careful Publicly Posting Personal InformationPlease be aware that content and personal information that you disclose in publicly accessible portions of the Service may be available to other users, and may also be made available outside the Service by third parties, so you should be mindful of all personal information, especially sensitive personal information, that you may wish to post. To the extent required by applicable local law, we may require that you obtain the consent of any individual whose personal information you post on our Services. Please be aware that content and personal information that you disclose in publicly accessible portions of the Service may be available to other users, and may also be made available outside the Service by third parties, so you should be mindful of all personal information, especially sensitive personal information, that you may wish to post. To the extent required by applicable local law, we may require that you obtain the consent of any individual whose personal information you post on our Services. 11. International TransfersYour personal information may be processed, transferred to, and maintained on servers and databases located outside of the jurisdiction in which you are based and where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction. Where required by applicable law, we have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to ensure that your data is adequately protected. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place, please contact us at the details below in the “Contact Us” section of this Policy. Your personal information may be processed, transferred to, and maintained on servers and databases located outside of the jurisdiction in which you are based and where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction. Where required by applicable law, we have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to ensure that your data is adequately protected. For more information on the appropriate safeguards in place, please contact us at the details below in the “Contact Us” section of this Policy. 12. ChildrenOur Services are not designed for children under the age of 13. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems. Our Services are not designed for children under the age of 13. If we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems. Condé Nast is the controller of your personal information. If you have any questions about the privacy aspects of our Services or would like to make a complaint, request, or have a question about your rights under this policy please contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator or our Data Protection Officer as follows: For residents of the United States: We have also appointed Edizioni Condé Nast S.p.A. as our data protection representative in the EEA. You can contact Edizioni Condé Nast S.p.A. at privacy@condenast.it or Piazza Cadorna 5,20121 Milan, Italy. Please mark all correspondence "CN EEA Representative". 14. Changes to this PolicyThis Policy is current as of the Last Updated date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Services. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the information we have previously collected about you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on the Service. This Policy is current as of the Last Updated date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Services. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the information we have previously collected about you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on the Service. Brands Condé Nast New York 1 World Trade Center New York, NY 10007, USACondé Nast London The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street London, WC2N 6HT, United Kingdom Condé Nast New York 1 World Trade Center New York, NY 10007, USA Condé Nast London The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street London, WC2N 6HT, United Kingdom Copyright 2023 Condé Nast. All Rights Reserved