 Zoom One Everything you need to work together, all in one place. Connect virtually from anywhere with Zoom Meetings Collaborate together with Zoom Team Chat Call the world with Zoom Phone Create and brainstorm with Zoom Whiteboard Rich conversation analytics to improve sales Send and receive messages and calendar invitations Collaborate over video without scheduling a meeting Remove the hassle of traditional scheduling with Zoom Scheduler Simplify communication and drive engagement with Workvivo Zoom Spaces Innovative video solutions for every meeting space. Bring meeting spaces online with Zoom Rooms Conference Room Connector links existing rooms to Zoom Innovative solutions for every space Zoom Events Solutions to host impactful virtual and hybrid experiences. Host hybrid and virtual events with Zoom Events Elevate your brand with single-session events powered by Zoom Sessions Broadcast at scale with Zoom Webinars Host and attend classes, group events, and more OnZoom Zoom Contact Center An omnichannel cloud solution optimized for video. Engage customers with Zoom Contact Center Deliver intelligent support with conversational AI Optimize contact center agent performance and engagement Industries Zoom solutions elevate collaboration across vertical use cases. Enabling exciting new ways to teach, learn, and connect globally Transforming client engagement and employee experiences Improving collaboration between agencies, ministries, and constituents Connecting care, collaboration, and medical innovation Real-time communication, anywhere in the world Bridging the in-store and online experiences Audiences Discover how Zoom delivers the communication and collaboration tools you need to get the job done. Grow your business and reach new customers while saving time and money Empower connection and enable efficiency while consolidating deployment and management tasks Engage customers, increase agent productivity, and optimize operations on one powerful platform Accelerate revenue growth with better customer engagement and more connected teams Promote collaboration, build flexible hybrid spaces, and understand office utilization with cutting-edge technology Inspire and engage prospective customers with best-in-class event solutions Developer Platform An open platform that allows developers to build Zoom apps and integrations. Explore thousands of apps that work with or within Zoom Documentation for building with Zoom's technology using SDKs, APIs, and webhooks Post your questions and get help from our developer community Partners Zoom Partners bring Zoom’s communications platform to market through alliance, sales, and service partnerships. Explore Zoom’s technology ecosystem Find a trusted Partner Learn about Zoom’s Partner Programs Access marketing & sales resources Log in to the Partner Portal and click 'Learn’ Explore Discover new ways to use Zoom solutions to power your modern workforce. Connect & Learn Network with other Zoom users, share your own insights, and access expert-led tutorials on Zoom products and features. Hardware & Services Expert support and services for all your design, strategy, implementation, event, and hardware needs. Support Get documentation on deploying, managing, and using the Zoom platform. Download Zoom Client Keep your Zoom client up to date to access the latest features. Zoom Virtual Backgrounds Download hi-res images and animations to elevate your next Zoom meeting. Zoom Privacy Statement Last updated: December 1, 2023 Last updated: December 1, 2023 Personal data is any information from or about an identified or identifiable person, including information that Zoom can associate with an individual person. We may collect, or process on behalf of our customers, the following categories of personal data when you use or interact with Zoom products and services: In certain jurisdictions, some of the personal data Zoom receives may be considered sensitive. Please see “California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights” for more information. Zoom employees do not access or use Customer Content including meeting, webinar, messaging, or email content (specifically, audio, video, files, in-meeting whiteboards, messaging, or email contents), or any content generated or shared as part of other collaborative features (such as out-of-meeting whiteboards), unless authorized by the account owner hosting the Zoom product or service where the Customer Content was generated, or as required for legal, safety, or security reasons. Zoom does not use any of your audio, video, chat, screen sharing, attachments or other communications-like Customer Content (such as poll results, whiteboard and reactions) to train Zoom’s or third-party artificial intelligence models. As discussed below, and where technically feasible, Zoom uses personal data to conduct the following activities: Zoom provides personal data to third parties only with consent or in one of the following circumstances (subject to your prior consent where required under applicable law): When you send messages or join meetings and webinars on Zoom, other people and organizations, including third parties outside the meeting, webinar, or message, may be able to see content and information that you share: Marketing Communications Data Rights If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, or the UK, or a resident of California or another U.S. state with an applicable privacy law, please refer to the respective dedicated sections below. Otherwise, at your request, and as required by applicable law, we will: Zoom does not allow children under the age of 16 to sign up for a Zoom account. You can also contact us by writing to the following address: Zoom Video Communications, Inc. Attention: Data Protection Officer 55 Almaden Blvd, Suite 600 San Jose, CA 95113 Or to our representative in the EU or UK: We retain personal data for as long as required to engage in the uses described in this Privacy Statement, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include the following: Data Subjects Rights If you are in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, your rights in relation to your personal data processed by us as a controller specifically include: You also have the right to lodge a complaint to a data protection authority. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data We only use your information in a lawful, transparent, and fair manner. Depending on the specific personal data concerned and the factual context, when Zoom processes personal data as a controller for individuals in regions such as the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK, we rely on the following legal bases as applicable in your jurisdiction: International Data Transfers Zoom operates globally, which means personal data may be transferred, stored (for example, in a data center), and processed outside of the country or region where it was initially collected where Zoom or its service providers have customers or facilities – including in countries where meeting participants or account owners hosting meetings or webinars that you participate in or receiving messages that you send are based. Therefore, by using Zoom products and services or providing personal data for any of the purposes stated above, you acknowledge that your personal data may be transferred to or stored in the United States where we are established, as well as in other countries outside of the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK. Such countries may have data protection rules that are different and less protective than those of your country. We protect your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Statement wherever it is processed and take appropriate contractual or other steps to protect it under applicable laws. Where personal data of users in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK is being transferred to a recipient located in a country outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK which has not been recognized as having an adequate level of data protection, we ensure that the transfer is governed by the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses. Please contact us if you would like further information in that respect. Zoom Video Communications, Inc., Zoom Voice Communications, Inc., and Solvvy, Inc., are adhering to the DPF Principles. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zoom’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF). If third-party agents process personal data on our behalf in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, we remain liable unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to any damages. If you have a question or complaint related to our compliance with the DPF Principles, please contact us as indicated at the bottom of this privacy statement. Under limited circumstances and after other available dispute resolution mechanisms have been exhausted, binding arbitration is available to address certain residual complaints under the DPF not resolved by other means. Zoom may permit advertising and analytics services that are intended to deliver advertising to you and/or analyze your interactions, based on your interactions with our website or app which may constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of data for targeted advertising purposes under certain state privacy laws. See “California & Other U.S. State Privacy Rights” for more information regarding your right to opt-out. Under some U.S. state laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended by the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act) (CCPA), residents may have a right to: Zoom will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights, which is further in line with your rights under state law. Sensitive Information. Zoom receives information that may be considered sensitive under some state laws, such as certain Account Information (e.g., financial information, log-in information) , certain Content and Context from Meetings, Webinars, Messaging, and Other Collaborative Features and certain Limited Information from Zoom Email and Calendar Services (e.g., messaging content in cases described herein) Zoom processes sensitive personal information to provide Zoom products and services, for product research and development, for authentication, integrity, security, and safety reasons, to communicate with you, for legal reasons, and with your consent. Zoom does not use or disclose sensitive personal information (as defined under CCPA) for purposes of inferring characteristics about a consumer, or in any way that would require Zoom to provide a right to limit under the CCPA. Under certain laws, residents may also be permitted to opt out of certain profiling relating to automated processing analyzing certain categories of an individual’s information that would produce a legal or similarly significant effect. Zoom does not engage in this type of profiling of individuals. We will acknowledge receipt of your request within 10 business days, and provide a substantive response within 45 calendar days, or inform you of the reason and extension period (up to a total of 90 days) in writing. These rights are not absolute, are subject to exceptions and limitations, and may not be afforded to residents of all states. In certain cases, we may decline requests to exercise these rights where permitted by law. We will need to verify your identity to process your access, deletion, and correction requests and reserve the right to confirm your state residency. To verify your identity, we may require you to log into your existing Zoom account (if applicable), give a declaration as to your identity under penalty of perjury, and/or provide additional information, such as providing at least two pieces of personal information relating to your account (which will be compared to information we have, such as profile information) or as we otherwise may already have in our possession, such as your email address and phone number. We will verify your consumer request by comparing the information you provide to information already in our possession, and take additional steps to minimize the risk of fraud. You may designate an authorized agent to submit your verified consumer request by providing written permission and verifying your identity, or through proof of power of attorney. California’s Shine the Light Law We may update this Privacy Statement periodically to account for changes in our collection and/or processing of personal data, and will post the updated Privacy Statement on our website, with a “Last Updated” date at the top. If we make material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you and provide you an opportunity to review before you choose to continue using our products and services. Language English Currency US Dollars $ Zoom on Blog Zoom on LinkedIn Zoom on Twitter Zoom on Youtube Zoom on Facebook Zoom on Instagram Zoom on TikTok