They may stop providing the service at any time. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection.. The court of law governing the terms is in Santa Clara County, California, USA. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. You maintain ownership of your data. This service is only available to users over a certain age. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms. You waive your right to a class action.. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.