Our privacy tools More ▼ Blocked in China testing tool Data Breach Tool Password strength checker Ruin my search history VPN leak-testing tool What is my IP address World privacy report About us More ▼ Meet the team Our business model Contact us More ▼ ▼ Blocked in China testing tool Data Breach Tool Password strength checker Ruin my search history VPN leak-testing tool What is my IP address World privacy report Blocked in China testing tool Data Breach Tool Password strength checker Ruin my search history VPN leak-testing tool What is my IP address World privacy report Meet the team Our business model Contact us Meet the team Our business model Contact us  VPNs More ▼ VPN guides What is a VPN? Best VPN services Best cheap VPNs Best Netflix VPNs Best VPNs for UAE Best VPNs for torrenting More VPN comparisons VPN reviews ExpressVPN review NordVPN review Private Internet Access review PrivateVPN review Surfshark review IPVanish review CyberGhost review Ad-blockers More ▼ Ad-blocker guide Best ad-block software Best Chrome ad-block extensions Best ad-blockers for iPhone & iPad uBlock Vs Adblocker More ad-blocker comparisons Ad-blocker reviews Privacy Badger review uBlock Origin review NoScript review Storage & backup More ▼ Storage & backup guides Best cloud backup services Best free cloud storage services Best cloud storage for photographers Best cloud storage for Mac Best NAS backup services How secure is cloud storage? More storage & backup comparisons Storage & backup reviews Sync.com review NordLocker review IDrive review Livedrive review Tresorit review MEGA review pCloud review Password managers More ▼ Password manager guides Best password managers Best free password managers Best password managers for Mac How to keep passwords safe More password manager comparisons Password manager reviews DashLane review RoboForm review 1Password review NordPass review Keeper review Sticky Password review BitWarden review Email More ▼ Email guides Secure privacy email options Best free secure email providers The best Gmail alternatives How to delete your Gmail account PGP digital signature guide More email comparisons Email reviews StartMail review ProtonMail review MailFence review HushMail review SecureMyEmail review Tutanota review Posteo review Open-source More ▼ Open-source guides The ultimate DD-WRT guide Open source vs proprietary password managers Why is open-source important? Best alternatives for Windows Open-source reviews Tunnelblick review KeePass review Passbolt review qBitorrent review Password Safe review Other More ▼ Other guides Most secure browsers Best antivirus software Best secure private messengers Best private search engines The ultimate online privacy guide The ultimate Tor browser guide Best Linux distros for privacy More privacy service comparisons Other reviews W10Privacy review F-Secure review Disconnect Search review VPN guides What is a VPN? Best VPN services Best cheap VPNs Best Netflix VPNs Best VPNs for UAE Best VPNs for torrenting More VPN comparisons VPN reviews ExpressVPN review NordVPN review Private Internet Access review PrivateVPN review Surfshark review IPVanish review CyberGhost review VPN guides What is a VPN? Best VPN services Best cheap VPNs Best Netflix VPNs Best VPNs for UAE Best VPNs for torrenting More VPN comparisons What is a VPN? Best VPN services Best cheap VPNs Best Netflix VPNs Best VPNs for UAE Best VPNs for torrenting More VPN comparisons What is a VPN? Best VPN services Best cheap VPNs Best Netflix VPNs Best VPNs for UAE Best VPNs for torrenting More VPN comparisons VPN reviews ExpressVPN review NordVPN review Private Internet Access review PrivateVPN review Surfshark review IPVanish review CyberGhost review ExpressVPN review NordVPN review Private Internet Access review PrivateVPN review Surfshark review IPVanish review CyberGhost review ExpressVPN review NordVPN review Private Internet Access review PrivateVPN review Surfshark review IPVanish review CyberGhost review Ad-blocker guide Best ad-block software Best Chrome ad-block extensions Best ad-blockers for iPhone & iPad uBlock Vs Adblocker More ad-blocker comparisons Ad-blocker reviews Privacy Badger review uBlock Origin review NoScript review Ad-blocker guide Best ad-block software Best Chrome ad-block extensions Best ad-blockers for iPhone & iPad uBlock Vs Adblocker More ad-blocker comparisons Best ad-block software Best Chrome ad-block extensions Best ad-blockers for iPhone & iPad uBlock Vs Adblocker More ad-blocker comparisons Best ad-block software Best Chrome ad-block extensions Best ad-blockers for iPhone & iPad uBlock Vs Adblocker More ad-blocker comparisons Ad-blocker reviews Privacy Badger review uBlock Origin review NoScript review Privacy Badger review uBlock Origin review NoScript review Privacy Badger review uBlock Origin review NoScript review Storage & backup guides Best cloud backup services Best free cloud storage services Best cloud storage for photographers Best cloud storage for Mac Best NAS backup services How secure is cloud storage? More storage & backup comparisons Storage & backup reviews Sync.com review NordLocker review IDrive review Livedrive review Tresorit review MEGA review pCloud review Storage & backup guides Best cloud backup services Best free cloud storage services Best cloud storage for photographers Best cloud storage for Mac Best NAS backup services How secure is cloud storage? More storage & backup comparisons Best cloud backup services Best free cloud storage services Best cloud storage for photographers Best cloud storage for Mac Best NAS backup services How secure is cloud storage? More storage & backup comparisons Best cloud backup services Best free cloud storage services Best cloud storage for photographers Best cloud storage for Mac Best NAS backup services How secure is cloud storage? More storage & backup comparisons Storage & backup reviews Sync.com review NordLocker review IDrive review Livedrive review Tresorit review MEGA review pCloud review Sync.com review NordLocker review IDrive review Livedrive review Tresorit review MEGA review pCloud review Sync.com review NordLocker review IDrive review Livedrive review Tresorit review MEGA review pCloud review Password manager guides Best password managers Best free password managers Best password managers for Mac How to keep passwords safe More password manager comparisons Password manager reviews DashLane review RoboForm review 1Password review NordPass review Keeper review Sticky Password review BitWarden review Password manager guides Best password managers Best free password managers Best password managers for Mac How to keep passwords safe More password manager comparisons Best password managers Best free password managers Best password managers for Mac How to keep passwords safe More password manager comparisons Best password managers Best free password managers Best password managers for Mac How to keep passwords safe More password manager comparisons Password manager reviews DashLane review RoboForm review 1Password review NordPass review Keeper review Sticky Password review BitWarden review DashLane review RoboForm review 1Password review NordPass review Keeper review Sticky Password review BitWarden review DashLane review RoboForm review 1Password review NordPass review Keeper review Sticky Password review BitWarden review Email guides Secure privacy email options Best free secure email providers The best Gmail alternatives How to delete your Gmail account PGP digital signature guide More email comparisons Email reviews StartMail review ProtonMail review MailFence review HushMail review SecureMyEmail review Tutanota review Posteo review Email guides Secure privacy email options Best free secure email providers The best Gmail alternatives How to delete your Gmail account PGP digital signature guide More email comparisons Secure privacy email options Best free secure email providers The best Gmail alternatives How to delete your Gmail account PGP digital signature guide More email comparisons Secure privacy email options Best free secure email providers The best Gmail alternatives How to delete your Gmail account PGP digital signature guide More email comparisons Email reviews StartMail review ProtonMail review MailFence review HushMail review SecureMyEmail review Tutanota review Posteo review StartMail review ProtonMail review MailFence review HushMail review SecureMyEmail review Tutanota review Posteo review StartMail review ProtonMail review MailFence review HushMail review SecureMyEmail review Tutanota review Posteo review Open-source Open-source guides The ultimate DD-WRT guide Open source vs proprietary password managers Why is open-source important? Best alternatives for Windows Open-source reviews Tunnelblick review KeePass review Passbolt review qBitorrent review Password Safe review Open-source guides The ultimate DD-WRT guide Open source vs proprietary password managers Why is open-source important? Best alternatives for Windows Open-source guides The ultimate DD-WRT guide Open source vs proprietary password managers Why is open-source important? Best alternatives for Windows The ultimate DD-WRT guide Open source vs proprietary password managers Why is open-source important? Best alternatives for Windows Open-source reviews Tunnelblick review KeePass review Passbolt review qBitorrent review Password Safe review Open-source reviews Tunnelblick review KeePass review Passbolt review qBitorrent review Password Safe review Tunnelblick review KeePass review Passbolt review qBitorrent review Password Safe review Other guides Most secure browsers Best antivirus software Best secure private messengers Best private search engines The ultimate online privacy guide The ultimate Tor browser guide Best Linux distros for privacy More privacy service comparisons Other reviews W10Privacy review F-Secure review Disconnect Search review Other guides Most secure browsers Best antivirus software Best secure private messengers Best private search engines The ultimate online privacy guide The ultimate Tor browser guide Best Linux distros for privacy More privacy service comparisons Most secure browsers Best antivirus software Best secure private messengers Best private search engines The ultimate online privacy guide The ultimate Tor browser guide Best Linux distros for privacy More privacy service comparisons Most secure browsers Best antivirus software Best secure private messengers Best private search engines The ultimate online privacy guide The ultimate Tor browser guide Best Linux distros for privacy More privacy service comparisons Other reviews W10Privacy review F-Secure review Disconnect Search review W10Privacy review F-Secure review Disconnect Search review W10Privacy review F-Secure review Disconnect Search review Looking for something? Guides Is Houseparty a safe app? ProPrivacy is reader supported and sometimes receives a commission when you make purchases using links on this site. Is Houseparty a safe app? Category: Guides Last Updated: May 15, 2020 Comments: 0 Written by Ray Walsh Houseparty is a video conferencing app developed by Life on Air - a subsidiary of the developer of Fortnite, Epic Games. It is an app that has risen massively in popularity due to the periods of self isolation caused by COVID-19. The app is a fun way for friends to video conference because it allows you to both play games and host simultaneous rooms. Unfortunately, in the past month, Houseparty has run into some bad press because of false rumors claiming it caused users to be hacked. With so many rumors circulating, it can be confusing. So, is Houseparty app safe to use? Is Houseparty safe? At the end of March 2023, Houseparty suddenly went viral on social media sites like Twitter. Hundreds of users began claiming that the Houseparty app caused them to have secondary accounts, such as Spotify, hacked. Some users even falsely claimed that Houseparty had caused their online banking to be penetrated. Rumours of Houseparty-related hacks are false Those tweets are now believed to have been initiated and promoted by internet trolls with nothing better to do. In the days following those initial rumors, it became obvious that there was no truth to those claims. And, as a result, it is fair to say that Houseparty remains an app that is primarily safe to use. Despite this, there are some Houseparty features that may concern some users. When a party is initiated, any person in the conversation can unlock the party, which will allow any user to invite more people in (to a total of eight). This could theoretically lead to unwanted persons joining a party. Admittedly, people can not access a party without receiving an invitation. However, if an invitation to a party was shared publicly, it is possible that a random stranger could wind up inside the party. Theoretically, this could lead to cybercriminals, cyberbullies, cyberstalkers, or other unwanted individuals ending up in the chat or party games. Is Houseparty safe for Children? As long as children use Houseparty responsibly, it should be safe enough to use the app. However, parents should check that their child has set up their Houseparty account using a strong, unique password. In addition, parents should ensure that their kids are only using Houseparty with Private Mode switched on. This feature will ensure that the party’s they create are locked. To do this, open the app and go to: Account > Settings > Private Mode. However, parents must ensure that all the members of a party have set their accounts up using Private Mode, because any single one of the eight members of a party can theoretically unlock a room; which could lead to unwanted users being invited into the video conference. It is also worth noting that when new users create a Houseparty account, they get the option to connect to Facebook and Snapchat. However, doing so not only adds your contacts but also gives you the option to add friends of friends. For this reason, it is advised that your child does not link any secondary accounts and services. Useful Guides How Much Digital Privacy Should You Give Children? An Guide to Online Security - Everything You Need to Know to Improve Your online privacy A Guide to Internet Safety: How to Keep Kids and Teens Safe Online The Ultimate Social Media Privacy Guide Is TikTok Safe? - How to keep children safe on TikTok Does Houseparty app have any security flaws? Lukas Stefanko, a security researcher at the firm ESET has previously analyzed the Houseparty app. According to Stefanko, there are no obvious or concerning vulnerabilities that would allow users to be hacked. This appears to give the platform a clean bill of health. It is also worth mentioning that Houseparty’s developer enforces a Bug Bounty program, which encourages security researchers to find flaws. Offering incentives and compensation to the global community means that critical vulnerabilities are often found faster and patched, rather than being used against the company or its users. Is there a way for cybercriminals to hack a Houseparty account? Although Houseparty has not specifically been linked to any mass hacking incidents, and the app is not thought to be a danger to users in of itself, it is still possible that individual users could have their Houseparty account hacked if it is not protected well enough. Houseparty doesn't enforce strong passwords, which can lead to your account being compromised Mozilla, the developer of Firefox, has openly criticized Houseparty for its failure to enforce robust password security. It points out that when users create a Houseparty account, it is not compulsory for them to choose a strong password, with 5 character passwords such as "12345” being allowed. Not only are these extremely easy to crack, it is generally accepted that a strong password should contain more than 12 characters. Admittedly, Houseparty users can set a stronger password if they wish (they aren’t forced to make their password short and weak). However, Houseparty’s failure to require a strong password and to warn users if they opt for a weak password is still considered poor security. Users who accidentally choose a password that is insecure could end up having their Houseparty account penetrated by hackers using a brute-force attack. What’s more, if a user has recycled their password elsewhere, that hacker could then access secondary accounts and services that belong to that user. That is why it is so vital to not only set strong passwords but also to ensure that passwords are always unique for each and every online service that is used. I think I set a weak password, what should I do? Anybody who believes they may have accidentally set their Houseparty password insecurely, is recommended to update their password at once. A strong password will be a minimum of 12 characters long and will contain upper and lower case letters, numbers, and symbols. It will also be a unique password that you have never used on any other account or service. Since it's incredibly difficult to remember a unique password for every account you own, we recommend using a password manager. The best ones can not only store all your passwords securely, but help you generate secure, random passwords at the click of a button - among other things. Is Houseparty bad for privacy? Houseparty is an app that collects user data both inside the platform and from any attached social media accounts. It also collects some data from third party apps. Houseparty uses that data for marketing purposes and shares that data with third parties in order to serve users targeted ads. Services like Google Voice can help with SMS verification To join Houseparty, you must provide your phone number to receive a verification SMS message. In addition, users must provide their name and date of birth. Of course, users can opt to provide fake information if they prefer, but the phone number will need to be valid to receive the verification number. For those who don't want to give Houseparty their number, you can use services like Google Voice to set up an online phone number. Since this will receive the verification code instead of your smartphone, you will avoid having to give Houseparty your digits. New Houseparty users are also given the option to connect their Snapchat, mobile phone contacts, and Facebook contacts. Again, anybody who would prefer Houseparty not to have this access can refuse to grant the app consent. Finally, Houseparty can find parties based on location. To do this, you will need to grant Houseparty access to location services on your device. The good news, however, is that this comes switched off by default and can be turned on or off again at any time. Invasive data collection habits? Since April 10, 2023, Houseparty has improved its privacy policy to remove some of the more invasive statements it used to include. The new policy has reduced the amount and type of data it collects from users, which is a welcome improvement. However, Houseparty remains somewhat invasive, and there is little that users can do to stop Houseparty using tracking tools and cookies to harvest their personal information. In fact, Houseparty notes that blocking cookies may cause the browser version to malfunction. The privacy policy also clarifies that the firm will use your IP address to derive your location. So even if you turn off location services, Life on Air will attempt to figure out where you are. Houseparty can use Facebook to collect information on you without your knowledge In addition, Houseparty will collect information about your friends (such as their email address and phone number) if you link a Facebook account. This means that even if you refuse to provide your real information, Houseparty can harvest your data without your knowledge when one of your Facebook friends joins the platform and links their social media. Despite the data that Houseparty collects from users, the app does not, under any circumstances, harvest user passwords for any third party apps installed on the devices it resides on. Any false statements of this nature are just malicious rumors. In fact, Houseparty is offering a $1 million reward for anybody who can help prove that its video conferencing platform was the victim of purposeful sabotage at the hands of a competitor. Are my chats private? Thankfully, in the latest version of the Houseparty privacy policy, the firm has removed some of the more worrying permissions it used to contain. This means that any ideas, knowledge, concepts or inventions that you might come up with during a conversation will remain your own. Finally, it is worth mentioning that Houseparty does not provide end-to-end-encryption for video conferencing sessions. The video data for each party is encrypted using HTTPS to secure it in transit, but that data passes through Houseparty’s servers where it could theoretically be accessed or analyzed by the company and any third parties or affiliates it works with - as well as government authorities if it is served a warrant. How to stay safe when using Houseparty For concerned parents who do not want their children to communicate with strangers, we recommend against linking Houseparty to any other services or apps (like Snapchat or Facebook). Instead, add each contact individually: Tap + in the top right corner of the app. Click Invite New Friends to send a link to a specific friend via another app. Alternatively, tap Add New Friends to search for contacts and add them manually. Tap Add by Name to search by username. Tap Add next to the contact you want to add. Your child’s friend will have to accept the request to connect with them on Houseparty. Adding contacts manually, one at a time, will remove the potential for the app to automatically connect your child with people they have never met. Houseparty users are also given the option to find contacts based on their location. Admittedly, location tracking is turned off by default. However, it is worth checking that your child has not switched this feature on by heading to permissions to ensure that location services are set to off. In addition, parents should ensure that their kids are using an up-to-date firewall and antivirus program on their device. This will ensure that if they are accidentally sent a dodgy link or download via the Houseparty app, they do not end up infected with malware. For more information and a list of the best services, please check out our best Antivirus guide. How to delete Houseparty? If you still aren’t convinced about Houseparty and would prefer it not to collect any data about you, the option exists to delete both your account and the app. Deleting the app is straightforward because all you need to do is uninstall it the same way as you would any other app. However, if you want to delete your account completely, you will need to do so before deleting the app. That process is slightly different depending on whether you use Houseparty on iOS or Android. Delete your account in the iOS app Open the app and click Settings. Tap on Privacy. Select Delete Account. Confirm that you want to continue. Enter your password. Press Delete. Remove the application from your device. Send an email requesting an account termination (Android) If you are an Android Houseparty user, for the time being you will need to request that your account be terminated by contacting customer support. To do so, follow these steps: Open your email account and compose a new email. Enter the following address: [email protected] In the subject line, type Request to Delete Account. In the main body of the email, explain that you want to delete your account and provide your name, email address, Houseparty app username, and the phone number you used to create the account. Wait for a response from Houseparty with confirmation that your account has been removed. Delete the application from your device. Written by: Ray Walsh Digital privacy expert with 5 years experience testing and reviewing VPNs. He's been quoted in The Express, The Times, The Washington Post, The Register, CNET & many more. Liked it? Share it! Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Recommended Reading Is TikTok Safe? - How to keep children safe on TikTok Last updated: May 29, 2020 An Guide to Online Security - Everything You Need to Know to Improve Your online privacy Last updated: August 11, 2020 The best video conferencing apps Last updated: May 13, 2020 5 best VPNs for Fortnite Last updated: November 4, 2021 0 Comments There are no comments yet. Got Something to Say? Write Your Own Comment Your Name Your Email Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Your Message Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. I accept the Privacy Policy. Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Post Comment Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Table of Contents Is Houseparty safe? Is Houseparty safe for Children? Does Houseparty app have any security flaws? Is Houseparty bad for privacy? How to stay safe when using Houseparty How to delete Houseparty? Guides Is Houseparty a safe app? Guides Is Houseparty a safe app? ProPrivacy is reader supported and sometimes receives a commission when you make purchases using links on this site. Written by Ray Walsh Houseparty is a video conferencing app developed by Life on Air - a subsidiary of the developer of Fortnite, Epic Games. It is an app that has risen massively in popularity due to the periods of self isolation caused by COVID-19. The app is a fun way for friends to video conference because it allows you to both play games and host simultaneous rooms. Unfortunately, in the past month, Houseparty has run into some bad press because of false rumors claiming it caused users to be hacked. With so many rumors circulating, it can be confusing. So, is Houseparty app safe to use? Is Houseparty safe? At the end of March 2023, Houseparty suddenly went viral on social media sites like Twitter. Hundreds of users began claiming that the Houseparty app caused them to have secondary accounts, such as Spotify, hacked. Some users even falsely claimed that Houseparty had caused their online banking to be penetrated. Rumours of Houseparty-related hacks are false Those tweets are now believed to have been initiated and promoted by internet trolls with nothing better to do. In the days following those initial rumors, it became obvious that there was no truth to those claims. And, as a result, it is fair to say that Houseparty remains an app that is primarily safe to use. Despite this, there are some Houseparty features that may concern some users. When a party is initiated, any person in the conversation can unlock the party, which will allow any user to invite more people in (to a total of eight). This could theoretically lead to unwanted persons joining a party. Admittedly, people can not access a party without receiving an invitation. However, if an invitation to a party was shared publicly, it is possible that a random stranger could wind up inside the party. Theoretically, this could lead to cybercriminals, cyberbullies, cyberstalkers, or other unwanted individuals ending up in the chat or party games. Is Houseparty safe for Children? As long as children use Houseparty responsibly, it should be safe enough to use the app. However, parents should check that their child has set up their Houseparty account using a strong, unique password. In addition, parents should ensure that their kids are only using Houseparty with Private Mode switched on. This feature will ensure that the party’s they create are locked. To do this, open the app and go to: Account > Settings > Private Mode. However, parents must ensure that all the members of a party have set their accounts up using Private Mode, because any single one of the eight members of a party can theoretically unlock a room; which could lead to unwanted users being invited into the video conference. It is also worth noting that when new users create a Houseparty account, they get the option to connect to Facebook and Snapchat. However, doing so not only adds your contacts but also gives you the option to add friends of friends. For this reason, it is advised that your child does not link any secondary accounts and services. Useful Guides How Much Digital Privacy Should You Give Children? An Guide to Online Security - Everything You Need to Know to Improve Your online privacy A Guide to Internet Safety: How to Keep Kids and Teens Safe Online The Ultimate Social Media Privacy Guide Is TikTok Safe? - How to keep children safe on TikTok Does Houseparty app have any security flaws? Lukas Stefanko, a security researcher at the firm ESET has previously analyzed the Houseparty app. According to Stefanko, there are no obvious or concerning vulnerabilities that would allow users to be hacked. This appears to give the platform a clean bill of health. It is also worth mentioning that Houseparty’s developer enforces a Bug Bounty program, which encourages security researchers to find flaws. Offering incentives and compensation to the global community means that critical vulnerabilities are often found faster and patched, rather than being used against the company or its users. Is there a way for cybercriminals to hack a Houseparty account? Although Houseparty has not specifically been linked to any mass hacking incidents, and the app is not thought to be a danger to users in of itself, it is still possible that individual users could have their Houseparty account hacked if it is not protected well enough. Houseparty doesn't enforce strong passwords, which can lead to your account being compromised Mozilla, the developer of Firefox, has openly criticized Houseparty for its failure to enforce robust password security. It points out that when users create a Houseparty account, it is not compulsory for them to choose a strong password, with 5 character passwords such as "12345” being allowed. Not only are these extremely easy to crack, it is generally accepted that a strong password should contain more than 12 characters. Admittedly, Houseparty users can set a stronger password if they wish (they aren’t forced to make their password short and weak). However, Houseparty’s failure to require a strong password and to warn users if they opt for a weak password is still considered poor security. Users who accidentally choose a password that is insecure could end up having their Houseparty account penetrated by hackers using a brute-force attack. What’s more, if a user has recycled their password elsewhere, that hacker could then access secondary accounts and services that belong to that user. That is why it is so vital to not only set strong passwords but also to ensure that passwords are always unique for each and every online service that is used. I think I set a weak password, what should I do? Anybody who believes they may have accidentally set their Houseparty password insecurely, is recommended to update their password at once. A strong password will be a minimum of 12 characters long and will contain upper and lower case letters, numbers, and symbols. It will also be a unique password that you have never used on any other account or service. Since it's incredibly difficult to remember a unique password for every account you own, we recommend using a password manager. The best ones can not only store all your passwords securely, but help you generate secure, random passwords at the click of a button - among other things. Is Houseparty bad for privacy? Houseparty is an app that collects user data both inside the platform and from any attached social media accounts. It also collects some data from third party apps. Houseparty uses that data for marketing purposes and shares that data with third parties in order to serve users targeted ads. Services like Google Voice can help with SMS verification To join Houseparty, you must provide your phone number to receive a verification SMS message. In addition, users must provide their name and date of birth. Of course, users can opt to provide fake information if they prefer, but the phone number will need to be valid to receive the verification number. For those who don't want to give Houseparty their number, you can use services like Google Voice to set up an online phone number. Since this will receive the verification code instead of your smartphone, you will avoid having to give Houseparty your digits. New Houseparty users are also given the option to connect their Snapchat, mobile phone contacts, and Facebook contacts. Again, anybody who would prefer Houseparty not to have this access can refuse to grant the app consent. Finally, Houseparty can find parties based on location. To do this, you will need to grant Houseparty access to location services on your device. The good news, however, is that this comes switched off by default and can be turned on or off again at any time. Invasive data collection habits? Since April 10, 2023, Houseparty has improved its privacy policy to remove some of the more invasive statements it used to include. The new policy has reduced the amount and type of data it collects from users, which is a welcome improvement. However, Houseparty remains somewhat invasive, and there is little that users can do to stop Houseparty using tracking tools and cookies to harvest their personal information. In fact, Houseparty notes that blocking cookies may cause the browser version to malfunction. The privacy policy also clarifies that the firm will use your IP address to derive your location. So even if you turn off location services, Life on Air will attempt to figure out where you are. Houseparty can use Facebook to collect information on you without your knowledge In addition, Houseparty will collect information about your friends (such as their email address and phone number) if you link a Facebook account. This means that even if you refuse to provide your real information, Houseparty can harvest your data without your knowledge when one of your Facebook friends joins the platform and links their social media. Despite the data that Houseparty collects from users, the app does not, under any circumstances, harvest user passwords for any third party apps installed on the devices it resides on. Any false statements of this nature are just malicious rumors. In fact, Houseparty is offering a $1 million reward for anybody who can help prove that its video conferencing platform was the victim of purposeful sabotage at the hands of a competitor. Are my chats private? Thankfully, in the latest version of the Houseparty privacy policy, the firm has removed some of the more worrying permissions it used to contain. This means that any ideas, knowledge, concepts or inventions that you might come up with during a conversation will remain your own. Finally, it is worth mentioning that Houseparty does not provide end-to-end-encryption for video conferencing sessions. The video data for each party is encrypted using HTTPS to secure it in transit, but that data passes through Houseparty’s servers where it could theoretically be accessed or analyzed by the company and any third parties or affiliates it works with - as well as government authorities if it is served a warrant. How to stay safe when using Houseparty For concerned parents who do not want their children to communicate with strangers, we recommend against linking Houseparty to any other services or apps (like Snapchat or Facebook). Instead, add each contact individually: Tap + in the top right corner of the app. Click Invite New Friends to send a link to a specific friend via another app. Alternatively, tap Add New Friends to search for contacts and add them manually. Tap Add by Name to search by username. Tap Add next to the contact you want to add. Your child’s friend will have to accept the request to connect with them on Houseparty. Adding contacts manually, one at a time, will remove the potential for the app to automatically connect your child with people they have never met. Houseparty users are also given the option to find contacts based on their location. Admittedly, location tracking is turned off by default. However, it is worth checking that your child has not switched this feature on by heading to permissions to ensure that location services are set to off. In addition, parents should ensure that their kids are using an up-to-date firewall and antivirus program on their device. This will ensure that if they are accidentally sent a dodgy link or download via the Houseparty app, they do not end up infected with malware. For more information and a list of the best services, please check out our best Antivirus guide. How to delete Houseparty? If you still aren’t convinced about Houseparty and would prefer it not to collect any data about you, the option exists to delete both your account and the app. Deleting the app is straightforward because all you need to do is uninstall it the same way as you would any other app. However, if you want to delete your account completely, you will need to do so before deleting the app. That process is slightly different depending on whether you use Houseparty on iOS or Android. Delete your account in the iOS app Open the app and click Settings. Tap on Privacy. Select Delete Account. Confirm that you want to continue. Enter your password. Press Delete. Remove the application from your device. Send an email requesting an account termination (Android) If you are an Android Houseparty user, for the time being you will need to request that your account be terminated by contacting customer support. To do so, follow these steps: Open your email account and compose a new email. Enter the following address: [email protected] In the subject line, type Request to Delete Account. In the main body of the email, explain that you want to delete your account and provide your name, email address, Houseparty app username, and the phone number you used to create the account. Wait for a response from Houseparty with confirmation that your account has been removed. Delete the application from your device. Written by: Ray Walsh Digital privacy expert with 5 years experience testing and reviewing VPNs. He's been quoted in The Express, The Times, The Washington Post, The Register, CNET & many more. Liked it? Share it! Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Recommended Reading Is TikTok Safe? - How to keep children safe on TikTok Last updated: May 29, 2020 An Guide to Online Security - Everything You Need to Know to Improve Your online privacy Last updated: August 11, 2020 The best video conferencing apps Last updated: May 13, 2020 5 best VPNs for Fortnite Last updated: November 4, 2021 0 Comments There are no comments yet. Got Something to Say? Write Your Own Comment Your Name Your Email Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Your Message Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. I accept the Privacy Policy. Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Post Comment Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Written by Ray Walsh Houseparty is a video conferencing app developed by Life on Air - a subsidiary of the developer of Fortnite, Epic Games. It is an app that has risen massively in popularity due to the periods of self isolation caused by COVID-19. The app is a fun way for friends to video conference because it allows you to both play games and host simultaneous rooms. Unfortunately, in the past month, Houseparty has run into some bad press because of false rumors claiming it caused users to be hacked. With so many rumors circulating, it can be confusing. So, is Houseparty app safe to use? Is Houseparty safe? At the end of March 2023, Houseparty suddenly went viral on social media sites like Twitter. Hundreds of users began claiming that the Houseparty app caused them to have secondary accounts, such as Spotify, hacked. Some users even falsely claimed that Houseparty had caused their online banking to be penetrated. Rumours of Houseparty-related hacks are false Those tweets are now believed to have been initiated and promoted by internet trolls with nothing better to do. In the days following those initial rumors, it became obvious that there was no truth to those claims. And, as a result, it is fair to say that Houseparty remains an app that is primarily safe to use. Despite this, there are some Houseparty features that may concern some users. When a party is initiated, any person in the conversation can unlock the party, which will allow any user to invite more people in (to a total of eight). This could theoretically lead to unwanted persons joining a party. Admittedly, people can not access a party without receiving an invitation. However, if an invitation to a party was shared publicly, it is possible that a random stranger could wind up inside the party. Theoretically, this could lead to cybercriminals, cyberbullies, cyberstalkers, or other unwanted individuals ending up in the chat or party games. Is Houseparty safe for Children? As long as children use Houseparty responsibly, it should be safe enough to use the app. However, parents should check that their child has set up their Houseparty account using a strong, unique password. In addition, parents should ensure that their kids are only using Houseparty with Private Mode switched on. This feature will ensure that the party’s they create are locked. To do this, open the app and go to: Account > Settings > Private Mode. However, parents must ensure that all the members of a party have set their accounts up using Private Mode, because any single one of the eight members of a party can theoretically unlock a room; which could lead to unwanted users being invited into the video conference. It is also worth noting that when new users create a Houseparty account, they get the option to connect to Facebook and Snapchat. However, doing so not only adds your contacts but also gives you the option to add friends of friends. For this reason, it is advised that your child does not link any secondary accounts and services. Useful Guides How Much Digital Privacy Should You Give Children? An Guide to Online Security - Everything You Need to Know to Improve Your online privacy A Guide to Internet Safety: How to Keep Kids and Teens Safe Online The Ultimate Social Media Privacy Guide Is TikTok Safe? - How to keep children safe on TikTok Does Houseparty app have any security flaws? Lukas Stefanko, a security researcher at the firm ESET has previously analyzed the Houseparty app. According to Stefanko, there are no obvious or concerning vulnerabilities that would allow users to be hacked. This appears to give the platform a clean bill of health. It is also worth mentioning that Houseparty’s developer enforces a Bug Bounty program, which encourages security researchers to find flaws. Offering incentives and compensation to the global community means that critical vulnerabilities are often found faster and patched, rather than being used against the company or its users. Is there a way for cybercriminals to hack a Houseparty account? Although Houseparty has not specifically been linked to any mass hacking incidents, and the app is not thought to be a danger to users in of itself, it is still possible that individual users could have their Houseparty account hacked if it is not protected well enough. Houseparty doesn't enforce strong passwords, which can lead to your account being compromised Mozilla, the developer of Firefox, has openly criticized Houseparty for its failure to enforce robust password security. It points out that when users create a Houseparty account, it is not compulsory for them to choose a strong password, with 5 character passwords such as "12345” being allowed. Not only are these extremely easy to crack, it is generally accepted that a strong password should contain more than 12 characters. Admittedly, Houseparty users can set a stronger password if they wish (they aren’t forced to make their password short and weak). However, Houseparty’s failure to require a strong password and to warn users if they opt for a weak password is still considered poor security. Users who accidentally choose a password that is insecure could end up having their Houseparty account penetrated by hackers using a brute-force attack. What’s more, if a user has recycled their password elsewhere, that hacker could then access secondary accounts and services that belong to that user. That is why it is so vital to not only set strong passwords but also to ensure that passwords are always unique for each and every online service that is used. I think I set a weak password, what should I do? Anybody who believes they may have accidentally set their Houseparty password insecurely, is recommended to update their password at once. A strong password will be a minimum of 12 characters long and will contain upper and lower case letters, numbers, and symbols. It will also be a unique password that you have never used on any other account or service. Since it's incredibly difficult to remember a unique password for every account you own, we recommend using a password manager. The best ones can not only store all your passwords securely, but help you generate secure, random passwords at the click of a button - among other things. Is Houseparty bad for privacy? Houseparty is an app that collects user data both inside the platform and from any attached social media accounts. It also collects some data from third party apps. Houseparty uses that data for marketing purposes and shares that data with third parties in order to serve users targeted ads. Services like Google Voice can help with SMS verification To join Houseparty, you must provide your phone number to receive a verification SMS message. In addition, users must provide their name and date of birth. Of course, users can opt to provide fake information if they prefer, but the phone number will need to be valid to receive the verification number. For those who don't want to give Houseparty their number, you can use services like Google Voice to set up an online phone number. Since this will receive the verification code instead of your smartphone, you will avoid having to give Houseparty your digits. New Houseparty users are also given the option to connect their Snapchat, mobile phone contacts, and Facebook contacts. Again, anybody who would prefer Houseparty not to have this access can refuse to grant the app consent. Finally, Houseparty can find parties based on location. To do this, you will need to grant Houseparty access to location services on your device. The good news, however, is that this comes switched off by default and can be turned on or off again at any time. Invasive data collection habits? Since April 10, 2023, Houseparty has improved its privacy policy to remove some of the more invasive statements it used to include. The new policy has reduced the amount and type of data it collects from users, which is a welcome improvement. However, Houseparty remains somewhat invasive, and there is little that users can do to stop Houseparty using tracking tools and cookies to harvest their personal information. In fact, Houseparty notes that blocking cookies may cause the browser version to malfunction. The privacy policy also clarifies that the firm will use your IP address to derive your location. So even if you turn off location services, Life on Air will attempt to figure out where you are. Houseparty can use Facebook to collect information on you without your knowledge In addition, Houseparty will collect information about your friends (such as their email address and phone number) if you link a Facebook account. This means that even if you refuse to provide your real information, Houseparty can harvest your data without your knowledge when one of your Facebook friends joins the platform and links their social media. Despite the data that Houseparty collects from users, the app does not, under any circumstances, harvest user passwords for any third party apps installed on the devices it resides on. Any false statements of this nature are just malicious rumors. In fact, Houseparty is offering a $1 million reward for anybody who can help prove that its video conferencing platform was the victim of purposeful sabotage at the hands of a competitor. Are my chats private? Thankfully, in the latest version of the Houseparty privacy policy, the firm has removed some of the more worrying permissions it used to contain. This means that any ideas, knowledge, concepts or inventions that you might come up with during a conversation will remain your own. Finally, it is worth mentioning that Houseparty does not provide end-to-end-encryption for video conferencing sessions. The video data for each party is encrypted using HTTPS to secure it in transit, but that data passes through Houseparty’s servers where it could theoretically be accessed or analyzed by the company and any third parties or affiliates it works with - as well as government authorities if it is served a warrant. How to stay safe when using Houseparty For concerned parents who do not want their children to communicate with strangers, we recommend against linking Houseparty to any other services or apps (like Snapchat or Facebook). Instead, add each contact individually: Tap + in the top right corner of the app. Click Invite New Friends to send a link to a specific friend via another app. Alternatively, tap Add New Friends to search for contacts and add them manually. Tap Add by Name to search by username. Tap Add next to the contact you want to add. Your child’s friend will have to accept the request to connect with them on Houseparty. Adding contacts manually, one at a time, will remove the potential for the app to automatically connect your child with people they have never met. Houseparty users are also given the option to find contacts based on their location. Admittedly, location tracking is turned off by default. However, it is worth checking that your child has not switched this feature on by heading to permissions to ensure that location services are set to off. In addition, parents should ensure that their kids are using an up-to-date firewall and antivirus program on their device. This will ensure that if they are accidentally sent a dodgy link or download via the Houseparty app, they do not end up infected with malware. For more information and a list of the best services, please check out our best Antivirus guide. How to delete Houseparty? If you still aren’t convinced about Houseparty and would prefer it not to collect any data about you, the option exists to delete both your account and the app. Deleting the app is straightforward because all you need to do is uninstall it the same way as you would any other app. However, if you want to delete your account completely, you will need to do so before deleting the app. That process is slightly different depending on whether you use Houseparty on iOS or Android. Delete your account in the iOS app Open the app and click Settings. Tap on Privacy. Select Delete Account. Confirm that you want to continue. Enter your password. Press Delete. Remove the application from your device. Send an email requesting an account termination (Android) If you are an Android Houseparty user, for the time being you will need to request that your account be terminated by contacting customer support. To do so, follow these steps: Open your email account and compose a new email. Enter the following address: [email protected] In the subject line, type Request to Delete Account. In the main body of the email, explain that you want to delete your account and provide your name, email address, Houseparty app username, and the phone number you used to create the account. Wait for a response from Houseparty with confirmation that your account has been removed. Delete the application from your device. Houseparty is a video conferencing app developed by Life on Air - a subsidiary of the developer of Fortnite, Epic Games. It is an app that has risen massively in popularity due to the periods of self isolation caused by COVID-19. The app is a fun way for friends to video conference because it allows you to both play games and host simultaneous rooms. Unfortunately, in the past month, Houseparty has run into some bad press because of false rumors claiming it caused users to be hacked. With so many rumors circulating, it can be confusing. So, is Houseparty app safe to use? Is Houseparty safe? At the end of March 2023, Houseparty suddenly went viral on social media sites like Twitter. Hundreds of users began claiming that the Houseparty app caused them to have secondary accounts, such as Spotify, hacked. Some users even falsely claimed that Houseparty had caused their online banking to be penetrated. Rumours of Houseparty-related hacks are false Those tweets are now believed to have been initiated and promoted by internet trolls with nothing better to do. In the days following those initial rumors, it became obvious that there was no truth to those claims. And, as a result, it is fair to say that Houseparty remains an app that is primarily safe to use. Despite this, there are some Houseparty features that may concern some users. When a party is initiated, any person in the conversation can unlock the party, which will allow any user to invite more people in (to a total of eight). This could theoretically lead to unwanted persons joining a party. Admittedly, people can not access a party without receiving an invitation. However, if an invitation to a party was shared publicly, it is possible that a random stranger could wind up inside the party. Theoretically, this could lead to cybercriminals, cyberbullies, cyberstalkers, or other unwanted individuals ending up in the chat or party games. Is Houseparty safe for Children? As long as children use Houseparty responsibly, it should be safe enough to use the app. However, parents should check that their child has set up their Houseparty account using a strong, unique password. In addition, parents should ensure that their kids are only using Houseparty with Private Mode switched on. This feature will ensure that the party’s they create are locked. To do this, open the app and go to: Account > Settings > Private Mode. Account Settings Private Mode However, parents must ensure that all the members of a party have set their accounts up using Private Mode, because any single one of the eight members of a party can theoretically unlock a room; which could lead to unwanted users being invited into the video conference. It is also worth noting that when new users create a Houseparty account, they get the option to connect to Facebook and Snapchat. However, doing so not only adds your contacts but also gives you the option to add friends of friends. For this reason, it is advised that your child does not link any secondary accounts and services. Useful Guides How Much Digital Privacy Should You Give Children? An Guide to Online Security - Everything You Need to Know to Improve Your online privacy A Guide to Internet Safety: How to Keep Kids and Teens Safe Online The Ultimate Social Media Privacy Guide Is TikTok Safe? - How to keep children safe on TikTok Useful Guides How Much Digital Privacy Should You Give Children? An Guide to Online Security - Everything You Need to Know to Improve Your online privacy A Guide to Internet Safety: How to Keep Kids and Teens Safe Online The Ultimate Social Media Privacy Guide Is TikTok Safe? - How to keep children safe on TikTok Does Houseparty app have any security flaws? Lukas Stefanko, a security researcher at the firm ESET has previously analyzed the Houseparty app. According to Stefanko, there are no obvious or concerning vulnerabilities that would allow users to be hacked. This appears to give the platform a clean bill of health. It is also worth mentioning that Houseparty’s developer enforces a Bug Bounty program, which encourages security researchers to find flaws. Offering incentives and compensation to the global community means that critical vulnerabilities are often found faster and patched, rather than being used against the company or its users. Is there a way for cybercriminals to hack a Houseparty account? Although Houseparty has not specifically been linked to any mass hacking incidents, and the app is not thought to be a danger to users in of itself, it is still possible that individual users could have their Houseparty account hacked if it is not protected well enough. Houseparty doesn't enforce strong passwords, which can lead to your account being compromised Mozilla, the developer of Firefox, has openly criticized Houseparty for its failure to enforce robust password security. It points out that when users create a Houseparty account, it is not compulsory for them to choose a strong password, with 5 character passwords such as "12345” being allowed. Not only are these extremely easy to crack, it is generally accepted that a strong password should contain more than 12 characters. Admittedly, Houseparty users can set a stronger password if they wish (they aren’t forced to make their password short and weak). However, Houseparty’s failure to require a strong password and to warn users if they opt for a weak password is still considered poor security. Users who accidentally choose a password that is insecure could end up having their Houseparty account penetrated by hackers using a brute-force attack. What’s more, if a user has recycled their password elsewhere, that hacker could then access secondary accounts and services that belong to that user. That is why it is so vital to not only set strong passwords but also to ensure that passwords are always unique for each and every online service that is used. I think I set a weak password, what should I do? Anybody who believes they may have accidentally set their Houseparty password insecurely, is recommended to update their password at once. A strong password will be a minimum of 12 characters long and will contain upper and lower case letters, numbers, and symbols. It will also be a unique password that you have never used on any other account or service. Since it's incredibly difficult to remember a unique password for every account you own, we recommend using a password manager. The best ones can not only store all your passwords securely, but help you generate secure, random passwords at the click of a button - among other things. Is Houseparty bad for privacy? Houseparty is an app that collects user data both inside the platform and from any attached social media accounts. It also collects some data from third party apps. Houseparty uses that data for marketing purposes and shares that data with third parties in order to serve users targeted ads. Services like Google Voice can help with SMS verification To join Houseparty, you must provide your phone number to receive a verification SMS message. In addition, users must provide their name and date of birth. Of course, users can opt to provide fake information if they prefer, but the phone number will need to be valid to receive the verification number. For those who don't want to give Houseparty their number, you can use services like Google Voice to set up an online phone number. Since this will receive the verification code instead of your smartphone, you will avoid having to give Houseparty your digits. New Houseparty users are also given the option to connect their Snapchat, mobile phone contacts, and Facebook contacts. Again, anybody who would prefer Houseparty not to have this access can refuse to grant the app consent. Finally, Houseparty can find parties based on location. To do this, you will need to grant Houseparty access to location services on your device. The good news, however, is that this comes switched off by default and can be turned on or off again at any time. Invasive data collection habits? Since April 10, 2023, Houseparty has improved its privacy policy to remove some of the more invasive statements it used to include. The new policy has reduced the amount and type of data it collects from users, which is a welcome improvement. However, Houseparty remains somewhat invasive, and there is little that users can do to stop Houseparty using tracking tools and cookies to harvest their personal information. In fact, Houseparty notes that blocking cookies may cause the browser version to malfunction. The privacy policy also clarifies that the firm will use your IP address to derive your location. So even if you turn off location services, Life on Air will attempt to figure out where you are. Houseparty can use Facebook to collect information on you without your knowledge In addition, Houseparty will collect information about your friends (such as their email address and phone number) if you link a Facebook account. This means that even if you refuse to provide your real information, Houseparty can harvest your data without your knowledge when one of your Facebook friends joins the platform and links their social media. Despite the data that Houseparty collects from users, the app does not, under any circumstances, harvest user passwords for any third party apps installed on the devices it resides on. Any false statements of this nature are just malicious rumors. In fact, Houseparty is offering a $1 million reward for anybody who can help prove that its video conferencing platform was the victim of purposeful sabotage at the hands of a competitor. Are my chats private? Thankfully, in the latest version of the Houseparty privacy policy, the firm has removed some of the more worrying permissions it used to contain. This means that any ideas, knowledge, concepts or inventions that you might come up with during a conversation will remain your own. Finally, it is worth mentioning that Houseparty does not provide end-to-end-encryption for video conferencing sessions. The video data for each party is encrypted using HTTPS to secure it in transit, but that data passes through Houseparty’s servers where it could theoretically be accessed or analyzed by the company and any third parties or affiliates it works with - as well as government authorities if it is served a warrant. How to stay safe when using Houseparty For concerned parents who do not want their children to communicate with strangers, we recommend against linking Houseparty to any other services or apps (like Snapchat or Facebook). Instead, add each contact individually: Tap + in the top right corner of the app. Click Invite New Friends to send a link to a specific friend via another app. Alternatively, tap Add New Friends to search for contacts and add them manually. Tap Add by Name to search by username. Tap Add next to the contact you want to add. Your child’s friend will have to accept the request to connect with them on Houseparty. Tap + in the top right corner of the app. + Click Invite New Friends to send a link to a specific friend via another app. Alternatively, tap Add New Friends to search for contacts and add them manually. Invite New Friends Add New Friends Tap Add by Name to search by username. Add by Name Tap Add next to the contact you want to add. Your child’s friend will have to accept the request to connect with them on Houseparty. Add Adding contacts manually, one at a time, will remove the potential for the app to automatically connect your child with people they have never met. Houseparty users are also given the option to find contacts based on their location. Admittedly, location tracking is turned off by default. However, it is worth checking that your child has not switched this feature on by heading to permissions to ensure that location services are set to off. off In addition, parents should ensure that their kids are using an up-to-date firewall and antivirus program on their device. This will ensure that if they are accidentally sent a dodgy link or download via the Houseparty app, they do not end up infected with malware. For more information and a list of the best services, please check out our best Antivirus guide. How to delete Houseparty? If you still aren’t convinced about Houseparty and would prefer it not to collect any data about you, the option exists to delete both your account and the app. Deleting the app is straightforward because all you need to do is uninstall it the same way as you would any other app. However, if you want to delete your account completely, you will need to do so before deleting the app. That process is slightly different depending on whether you use Houseparty on iOS or Android. before Delete your account in the iOS app Open the app and click Settings. Tap on Privacy. Select Delete Account. Confirm that you want to continue. Enter your password. Press Delete. Remove the application from your device. Open the app and click Settings. Tap on Privacy. Privacy Select Delete Account. Delete Account Confirm that you want to continue. Enter your password. Press Delete. Delete Remove the application from your device. Send an email requesting an account termination (Android) If you are an Android Houseparty user, for the time being you will need to request that your account be terminated by contacting customer support. To do so, follow these steps: Open your email account and compose a new email. Enter the following address: [email protected] In the subject line, type Request to Delete Account. In the main body of the email, explain that you want to delete your account and provide your name, email address, Houseparty app username, and the phone number you used to create the account. Wait for a response from Houseparty with confirmation that your account has been removed. Delete the application from your device. Open your email account and compose a new email. Enter the following address: [email protected] In the subject line, type Request to Delete Account. Request to Delete Account In the main body of the email, explain that you want to delete your account and provide your name, email address, Houseparty app username, and the phone number you used to create the account. Wait for a response from Houseparty with confirmation that your account has been removed. Delete the application from your device. Written by: Ray Walsh Digital privacy expert with 5 years experience testing and reviewing VPNs. He's been quoted in The Express, The Times, The Washington Post, The Register, CNET & many more. Written by: Ray Walsh Digital privacy expert with 5 years experience testing and reviewing VPNs. He's been quoted in The Express, The Times, The Washington Post, The Register, CNET & many more. Liked it? Share it! Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Recommended Reading Is TikTok Safe? - How to keep children safe on TikTok Last updated: May 29, 2020 An Guide to Online Security - Everything You Need to Know to Improve Your online privacy Last updated: August 11, 2020 The best video conferencing apps Last updated: May 13, 2020 5 best VPNs for Fortnite Last updated: November 4, 2021 Is TikTok Safe? - How to keep children safe on TikTok Last updated: May 29, 2020 Last updated: May 29, 2020 An Guide to Online Security - Everything You Need to Know to Improve Your online privacy Last updated: August 11, 2020 Last updated: August 11, 2020 The best video conferencing apps Last updated: May 13, 2020 The best video conferencing apps Last updated: May 13, 2020 5 best VPNs for Fortnite Last updated: November 4, 2021 5 best VPNs for Fortnite Last updated: November 4, 2021 0 Comments There are no comments yet. Write Your Own Comment Your Name Your Email Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Your Message Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. I accept the Privacy Policy. Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Post Comment Write Your Own Comment Your Name Your Email Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Your Message Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. I accept the Privacy Policy. Your comment has been sent to the queue. It will appear shortly. Post Comment Table of Contents Is Houseparty safe? Is Houseparty safe for Children? Does Houseparty app have any security flaws? Is Houseparty bad for privacy? How to stay safe when using Houseparty How to delete Houseparty? Table of Contents Is Houseparty safe? Is Houseparty safe for Children? Does Houseparty app have any security flaws? Is Houseparty bad for privacy? How to stay safe when using Houseparty How to delete Houseparty?