Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. You maintain ownership of your data. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account. Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. You can choose with whom you share content. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account. They may stop providing the service at any time. You can choose the copyright license. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. This service throttles your use. This services gives no guarantee regarding quality. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection.. The service has a no refund policy. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. The court of law governing the terms is in San Francisco, CA.. You waive your right to a class action.. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid 6 months prior.. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. This service can license user content to third parties. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. Spidering or crawling is not allowed. You are allowed to quote their content with attribution. Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements