Last Revised: December 22, 2021

 

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ("T&C") MAY HAVE CHANGED SINCE YOUR LAST VISIT TO THE SITE. BY USING THE SITE, YOU INDICATE YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE T&C. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE T&C, THEN DO NOT USE THE SITE.

Staplesconnect.com ("Site") is owned by USR Parent Inc. ("Staples") and is currently provided free of charge to users who agree to abide by these T&C. Staples reserves the right to change the nature of this relationship at any time, and to revise these T&C from time to time as Staples sees fit. Users who violate these T&C will have their access canceled and they may permanently be banned from using the Site. Users should check these T&C periodically. By using the Site after we post changes to these T&C, you agree to accept those changes, whether or not you actually reviewed them.

 

USERS/PARTICIPANTS

We do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or religion.

No person under the age of 13 should use the Site without the consent of their parent or legal guardian. We strongly encourage all parents and guardians to monitor the Internet use of their children. Use of the Site by any user shall be deemed to be a representation that the user is 13 years of age or older.

 

COOKIES

"Cookies" are small encrypted data files (containing references to user ID information supplied by the user and stored on our secure server) that may write to your hard drive once you have accessed a Web site. Staples uses cookies to enhance your experience with us. To learn more about how we protect customer information, please review our Privacy Statement.

 

COPYRIGHTS, TRADEMARKS & RESTRICTIONS

The material included herein, including site design, text, graphics and the selection and arrangement thereof are copyrighted © by Staples, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Staples.com®, Staplesconnect.com, Staples®, that was easy®, other trademarks and all page headers, custom graphics and custom icons are service marks and trademarks of Staples the Office Superstore, LLC. All other trademarks, product names and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.

The Site and all materials on the Site, including, but not limited to, images, illustrations, posts, audio clips and video clips (the "Materials") are the property of Staples and its affiliates and licensors and are protected from unauthorized copying and dissemination by copyrights that are owned or licensed by Staples and by copyright law, trademark law, international conventions and other intellectual property laws. You may not reproduce, perform, create derivative works from, republish, upload, post, transmit or distribute in any way whatsoever any Materials from the Site (or any other Web site owned or operated by Staples or its subsidiaries or affiliates) without Staples' prior written permission. Printing Materials for any reason, or transferring Materials for use on any other Web site, or the modification, distribution or republication of Materials without Staples' prior written permission is strictly prohibited. Any modification of Materials, or any portion thereof, or use of Materials for any other purpose constitutes an infringement of trademark or other proprietary rights of Staples or third parties.

 

Links

a. Third Party. Staples is not responsible for the content of any unaffiliated websites that may be linked to or from the Site. These links are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Any other website accessed from the Site is independent from Staples, and Staples has no control over the content of that other website. In addition, a link to any other website does not imply that Staples endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such other website. In no event shall any reference to any third party or third-party product or service be construed as an approval or endorsement by Staples of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party.

 

b. Co-branded Websites. Staples may provide links to co-branded websites that are not hosted, operated, maintained or under the control of Staples. Staples does not assume any responsibility for the operation, content, privacy practices, or technologies used by third-party services. You agree that you interact with third parties at your sole risk and that your relationship with those parties will be governed by their terms and policies. Staples in its sole discretion may modify or remove such links at any time and without notice.

 

PRIVACY ISSUES

Staples is concerned about privacy matters for its customers. To learn more about how we protect customer information, please review our Privacy Statement.

 

PRODUCT AND SERVICES INFORMATION

Prices and availability for products and services offered in Staples stores throughout the United States may vary Price and availability are subject to change without notice.

In order to comply with federal anti-money laundering regulations, Staples stores are unable to process gift card orders of more than $2,000.00 in any single transaction.

We attempt to display all products shown on the Site in an accurate manner; however, because of the technical differences in the equipment of our customers, we cannot be responsible for photographic differences in size, shape and color of the products.

We reserve the right to limit the quantity of any item sold, or prohibit a sale altogether, including but not limited to prohibiting sales to resellers.

 

NOTICE AND TAKE-DOWN PROCEDURES

If you believe any Materials on the Site infringe your copyright or trademark rights, you may request such Materials be removed by following the notice and take-down procedures of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. To follow those procedures, contact Staples' copyright agent (identified below) and provide the following information:

A clear statement identifying the works or other Materials believed to be infringed.

A statement from the copyright holder or authorized representative that the Materials are believed to be infringing.

Sufficient information about the location of the allegedly infringing Materials so that Staples can find and verify its existence.

Your name, telephone number and email address.

A statement from you under penalty of perjury that the information supplied is accurate, and that you are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.

A signature or the electronic equivalent from the copyright holder or authorized representative.

Staples' agent for notice of copyright issues on the Site can be reached as follows:

Staples, Inc.
500 Staples Drive
Framingham, MA 01702
Attn: Legal Department
with a copy to: General Counsel
(ref: Copyright Infringement)

 

FOR STAPLES® PRINT & MARKETING SERVICES

By processing and submitting your Staples Print & Marketing Services order at a Staples store:

You represent and warrant to Staples, its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, subsidiaries, agents, distributors, affiliates and third parties providing information or services at the store (collectively, the "Staples Parties"), that you own and possess all rights or own sufficient rights of third parties necessary to copy, produce, print or imprint each and every document or other item and portion thereof you submit.

You agree and covenant that at Staples' request, and without further consideration, you will promptly provide Staples with reasonable evidence of such adequate and enforceable rights of third parties (i.e., consents, approvals, licenses or sublicenses), and agree that Staples may provide a copy of these T&C to anyone claiming an infringement of copyright/trademark in your document or to law enforcement or other entities as required by law or as Staples reasonably determines to be necessary to protect its rights or the rights of others.

 

CONDUCT OF USERS

You agree that you will not: (i) transmit via or through the Site any information, data, text, files, links, software, chat, communication or other materials that is or that Staples considers to be unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, racially or ethnically hateful or otherwise objectionable; (ii) attempt to transmit any "virus," "trojan horse" or other software destruction or disruption device; (iii) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including but not limited to, any regulations having the force of law while you are using or accessing the Site or in connection with your use of the Site, in any manner; and (iv) invade the privacy or violate any personal or proprietary right (including intellectual property rights) of any person or entity.

 

INDEMNITY

By using the Site, you agree to indemnify the Staples Parties for any and all claims, damages, losses, liabilities and causes of action (including expenses and attorneys' fees) incurred by them arising out of or relating to your breach or alleged breach of these T&C (including, without limitation, claims made by third parties for infringement of intellectual property rights). You agree to cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. Staples reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.

 

DISCLAIMER, LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

THE SITE IS PROVIDED BY STAPLES ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. STAPLES MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO (1) THE OPERATION OF THE SITE, (2) THE QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR VALIDITY OF ANY MATERIALS ON THE SITE, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THE SITE, OR (3) WHETHER THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED ON THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE, OR THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. STAPLES IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR PRINTING OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

THIS SITE MAY ALSO CONTAIN FACTS, VIEWS, OPINIONS, STATEMENTS AND RECOMMENDATIONS OF THIRD-PARTY INDIVIDUALS AND ORGANIZATIONS. NONE OF THE STAPLES PARTIES REPRESENTS OR ENDORSES THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS OR RELIABILITY OF ANY ADVICE, OPINION, STATEMENT OR OTHER INFORMATION DISPLAYED, UPLOADED OR DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE SITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY RELIANCE ON ANY SUCH OPINION, ADVICE, STATEMENT OR INFORMATION WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

NONE OF THE STAPLES PARTIES IS RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THE SITE, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF THE STAPLES PARTIES TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED ONE DOLLAR (US$1.00).

CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

 

TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS

While we make every effort to provide accurate information, inaccuracies or errors may occur. Staples reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions.

 

TERMINATION

Staples may, in its sole discretion, terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Site, for any reason, including, without limitation, breach of these T&C. In the event these T&C are terminated, the restrictions regarding Materials appearing on the Site, and the representations and warranties, indemnities and limitations of liabilities set forth in these T&C will survive termination. In the event that you are unsatisfied with the services provided by Staples, your sole remedy is to terminate your use of the Site.

 

JURISDICTION; DISPUTES

Staples operates the Site from its offices within the United States. Staples makes no representations that content and materials on the Site are legal or appropriate for use from outside the United States. If you choose to access the Site from other locations, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with any and all local laws. You may not use the Site in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. These T&C will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, as it is applied to agreements entered into and performed therein, and excluding:  (i) the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods; (ii) the 1974 Convention on the Limitation Period in the International Sale of Goods; and (iii) the Protocol amending the 1974 Convention, done at Vienna April 11, 1980. Any action brought to enforce these T&C or matters related to the Site will be brought in either the State or Federal Courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything contained in these T&C to the contrary, Staples shall have the right to institute judicial proceedings against you or anyone acting by, through or under you, in order to enforce Staples' rights hereunder through reformation of contract, specific performance, injunction or similar equitable relief. Any claim or cause of action you have under these T&C or your use of the Site:  (y) must be commenced within one year after the claim or cause of action arises, or such claim or cause of action will be barred; and (z) must be brought individually, and not consolidated as part of a group or class action complaint. If any provision of these T&C is deemed void, unlawful or otherwise unenforceable for any reason, that provision will be severed from these T&C and the remaining provisions of these T&C will remain in force. These T&C constitute the entire agreement between you and Staples concerning your use of the Site.

 

COMMENTS, COMPLAINTS AND QUESTIONS

We welcome your feedback about the Site. However, any comments, ideas, notes, messages, suggestions or other communications sent about the Site shall be and remain the exclusive property of Staples, and we may use all such communications in any manner, including reproducing, disclosing and publishing such communications, all without compensation to you.

This Site is licensed under U.S. Patent No. 6,330,592. Also, one or more other patents may apply to the Site, including without limitation: U.S. Patent Nos. 7,908,173, and 7,908,176.

 

 

 

Staples Classroom Rewards
TERMS & CONDITIONS

 

ELIGIBILITY: To participate in Staples Classroom Rewards ("Classroom Rewards Program") as: (i) a parent or supporter (collectively, “Supporter”), you must be a Staples customer, 18 or older, with a valid U.S. mailing address, and a valid email address; (ii) an “Educator,” you must be employed by a school or education center in the U.S. that is classified in Google under the “Education Category” (“Eligible Organization”); or (iii) a “School Administrator,” you must be responsible for making purchases on behalf of an Eligible Organization and have the authority in agree to these Terms & Conditions on behalf of the Eligible Organization (each, a “Participant Category”). Note that all aspects of the Classroom Rewards Program are administered via the Staples Connect application (“Staples Connect App”). In addition, and regardless of your Participant Category, if you are not already a member of the Staples Rewards® Program, you must become a member prior to enrolling in the Classroom Rewards Program. Enrolling in the Staples Rewards® Program is free.

 

By participating, you agree (i) to these Terms and Conditions, the Staples Rewards® Program (available at https://rewards.staples.com/SRC/RewardsTerms.do), the Staples Terms and Conditions (available at https://www.staples.com/hc?id=52e40651-0852-4ad7-a532-45017c287d50), and Staples’ U.S. Privacy Policy (available at https://www.staples.com/hc?id=dbb94c10-973c-478b-a078-00e58f66ba32), and (ii) to the decisions of USR Parent Inc. “Staples”), which are final and binding in all respects.

 

HOW TO ENROLL FOR ALL PARTICIPANT CATEGORIES:  To enroll, download the Staples Connect App, select your Participant Category, then follow the directions provided. As stated above, if you are not already a member of the Staples Rewards® Program, you will be prompted to enroll before being able to enroll in the Classroom Rewards Program.  Limit one (1) Staples Connect account per person. Multiple accounts will be void.

 

HOW TO DESIGNATE CLASSROOM REWARDS (FOR SUPPORTERS): Upon completing the enrollment process, the 5% back a Supporter receives on Qualifying Purchases as part of the Staples Rewards® Program will be included in the Staples Connect App as the “Classroom Rewards Available” or, for the purpose of these Terms, “Classroom Rewards”. Note that at no given time can a Supporter give more than $50 over  a period of 90 days from their Classroom Rewards balance (“Giving Balance Limit”). Note that Qualifying Purchases do not include (a) postage stamps, prepaid phone cards, gift cards, taxes, shipping fees, and Staples Industrial purchases; (b) purchases made on Instacart or staples.com (other than for pick up in store); and (c) prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Staples, in its sole discretion, may include additional products or services as exclusions from time to time without prior notice. All applicable terms of the Staples Rewards® Program apply to a Supporter’s participation in the Classroom Rewards Program (and are incorporated herein by reference). Classroom Rewards earned in connection with Qualifying Purchases will be appear in a Supporter’s account in the Staples Connection App within 48 to 72 hours of purchase.

 

From time to time, Staples may increase the percentage back offered for Qualifying Purchases for participants in the Classroom Rewards Program and/or adjust the Giving Balance Limit and/or offer other special offers or rewards. In such an event, any material terms of such offering will be included as part of its marketing, including but not limited to, the time period during which it will be available, and those terms shall be incorporated herein by reference.

 

Provided a Supporter has Classroom Rewards available to give in their account in the Staples Connect App, they can log into their Classroom Rewards account at any time and select one or more Educators or Eligible Organizations to receive all or a portion of their Giving Balance Limit. Note that Classroom Rewards will be awarded to the applicable Educator or Eligible Organization in increments of $5.00. In the event that a Supporter designates less than $5 to any Educator or Eligible Organization, the amount designated will not be accessible to the Educator or Eligible Organization until the Educator or Eligible Organization has accumulated at least $5.00 in Classroom Rewards from that Supporter or other Supporters. Note that if an Educator has not enrolled in the Classroom Rewards Program, they will not appear in the Staples Connect App as a giving option.

 

Please note that all Eligible Organizations in the U.S. that are classified in Google under the “Education Category” will appear in the Staples Connect App; however, this does not mean that all Eligible Organizations have enrolled in the Classroom Rewards Program. An Eligible Organization that is enrolled will have a School Administrator’s name associated with their name in the Staples Connect App. Staples cannot guarantee that any School Administrator will take the steps necessary to enroll in the Classroom Rewards Program. If a School Administrator does not enroll in the Classroom Rewards Program within 90 days of the most recent contribution of Classroom Reward to them, their entire pending balance of Classroom Rewards will be forfeited and, for the avoidance of doubt, it will not be returned to the Supporter(s) who designated it.

 

For the avoidance of doubt, any rewards earned through participation in any previous version of Classroom Rewards will not roll-over into this Classroom Rewards Program. In addition, purchases made prior to enrollment in the Classroom Rewards Program are not considered Qualifying Purchases and are not eligible for Classroom Rewards.

 

HOW TO CLAIM AND REDEEM CLASSROOM REWARDS (FOR EDUCATORS AND SCHOOL ADMINISTRATORS): Classroom Rewards available to the Educators and Eligible Organizations will appear in their Classroom Rewards account as a virtual promo card only redeemable in Staples brick and mortar stores (i.e, retail locations) (“Virtual Promo Card”). For the avoidance of doubt, Classroom Rewards cannot be redeemed at Staples.com, in the Staples app, or on any other digital platform. The Virtual Promo Card balance will be updated in increments of $5.00 as Classroom Rewards are designated to that Educator or School Administrator by Supporters. Note that at no given time can an Educator or School Administrator accrue more than $1,000 in 180 days in their Classroom Rewards balance (“Virtual Promo Card Balance Limit”). If, through one or more Classroom Rewards donations, an Educator or School Administrator exceeds the Promo Card Balance Limit, only the amount equal to Promo Card Balance Limit will be made available on the Virtual Promo Card and any remaining balance will be forfeited.

 

In order to redeem Classroom Rewards, an Educator or School Administrator must have their Virtual Promo Card scanned at time of in-store checkout. A print-out of the Virtual Promo Card will not be accepted. The amount of the transaction will be deducted from the Classroom Rewards balance shown on the Virtual Promo Card. If the amount of the transaction is more than the Classroom Rewards available, the Educator or School Administrator will be responsible for the difference. If the amount of the transaction is less that the Virtual Promo Card balance, the amount of the transaction will be deducted from the balance and the remaining balance will remain available for use by the Educator or School Administrator for a future transaction. Note that the Educator or School Administrator may be required to show valid I.D. confirming they are the registered user of the applicable Classroom Rewards account being used.

 

Virtual Promo Card cannot be used towards (a) the purchase of postage stamps, prepaid phone cards, gift cards, taxes, shipping fees, or Staples Industrial purchases; (b) purchases made on Instacart or staples.com (other than for pick up in store); and (c) purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Staples, in its sole discretion, may include additional products or services as exclusions from time to time without prior notice.

 

CLASSROOM REWARDS EXPIRATION FOR ALL PARTICIPANT CATEGORIES:

 

For Supporters: If a Supporter’s account is inactive for 90 days or more (i.e., the Classroom Rewards balance as gone unchanged for 90 days), their Classroom Rewards balance will expire and will no longer be accessible to the Supporter. It is a Supporter’s responsibility to monitor their Classroom Rewards balance.  

 

For Educators and School Administrators: As stated above, any Classroom Reward balance designated to an Eligible Organization that is not yet enrolled in the Classroom Rewards Program will be forfeited if such Educator or School Administrator for that Eligible Organization does not enroll in the Classroom Rewards Program within 90 days of the most recent Classroom Rewards contribution being designated by Supporter(s). For Educators and School Administrators who have successfully enrolled in the Classroom Rewards Program, as Classroom Rewards are added to their Virtual Promo Card balance, the expiration date for that balance will be extended 180 days. If, at any time, the Classroom Rewards balance remains unchanged for 180 days, the Classroom Reward balance will expire and will no longer be available for use, unless additional Classroom Rewards are adding to the Virtual Promo Card balance.

 

GENERAL CONDITIONS FOR ALL PARTICIPANT CATEGORIES:  Classroom Rewards are not redeemable for cash. Classroom Rewards may be subject to federal, state and local taxes which, if any, are a participant’s sole responsibility. The Classroom Rewards Program is void where prohibited by law.

By participating in the Classroom Rewards Program, you agree (i) to release, discharge, indemnify and hold harmless Staples, its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, retailers, and advertising and promotion agencies, and all of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees and agents (collectively, “Released Parties”) from any liability or damages which may arise out of participation in the Program or out of the acceptance, use, misuse or possession of any Reward or products attained through this Program.  All applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations apply.  

Released Parties are not responsible for errors or problems of any kind relating to or in connection with the Classroom Rewards Program, whether printing, typographical, technical, computer, network. human, mechanical, electronic or otherwise, including, without limitation, errors or problems which may occur in connection with the administration of the Classroom Rewards Program, the tabulating of Classroom Rewards, or in any Classroom Rewards Program-related materials. Persons found tampering with or abusing any aspect of the Classroom Rewards Program, who are acting in a disruptive or unsportsmanlike manner or who are otherwise not in compliance with these terms, as solely determined by Staples, may be disqualified and any associated Classroom Rewards balance for such persons will be void.  Released Parties are not responsible for injury or damage to participants' or to any other person's device related to or resulting from participating in the Classroom Rewards Program or downloading materials from or use of the Staples Connect App.

Staples reserves the right at any time to modify, suspend or cancel the Classroom Rewards Program at any time.  Any changes Staples makes will be effective immediately on notice, which it may give either by posting the new terms within the Staples Connect App and/or via e-mail. Your participation in the Classroom Rewards Program after such notice will be deemed acceptance of such changes. You should review these Terms and Conditions periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version.  You will always be able to tell when the version was last updated by checking the "Last Revised" date at the top of these Terms and Conditions.  All questions or disputes regarding the Classroom Rewards Program, including without limitation, those involving eligibility, participation, fraud and abuse will be resolved by Staples in its sole discretion.

Except where prohibited, all issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Terms and Conditions, or the rights and obligations of the participants and Staples in connection with the Classroom Rewards Program, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Massachusetts, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules (whether of the State of Massachusetts, or any other jurisdiction), which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Massachusetts.

PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR ALL PARTICIPANT CATEGORIES:  Your personal information collected in connection with the Classroom Rewards Program will be used in accordance with Staples’s U.S. Privacy Policy, available at https://www.staples.com/hc?id=dbb94c10-973c-478b-a078-00e58f66ba32.

QUESTIONS? Should you have any questions about the Classroom Rewards Program, please email us at staplesconnect@staples.com.

 

The Program is offered by USR Parent Inc.