Please download Firefox ESR (Extended Support Release) to use Firefox. Mozilla Privacy Policy September 9, 2020 What do we mean by "personal information?" For us, "personal information" means information which either directly identifies you (like your name, email address, or billing information) or can be reasonably linked or combined to identify you (like an account identification number or IP address). We’ll always tell you what personal information we’re collecting from you. See each product’s Privacy Notice for specific details. Any information that falls outside of this is "non-personal information." If we store your personal information with information that is non-personal, we will consider the combination as personal information. If we remove all personal information from a set of data then the remaining is non-personal information. For us, "personal information" means information which either directly identifies you (like your name, email address, or billing information) or can be reasonably linked or combined to identify you (like an account identification number or IP address). We’ll always tell you what personal information we’re collecting from you. See each product’s Privacy Notice for specific details. Any information that falls outside of this is "non-personal information." If we store your personal information with information that is non-personal, we will consider the combination as personal information. If we remove all personal information from a set of data then the remaining is non-personal information. How do we learn information about you? We learn information about you when: you give it to us directly (e.g., when you choose to send us crash reports); we collect it automatically through our products and services (e.g., when your Firefox browser checks with us to see if it is up to date); someone else tells us information about you (e.g., when Thunderbird works with your email providers to set up your account); or when we try and understand more about you based on information you've given to us (e.g., when we use your IP address to customize language for some of our services). We learn information about you when: When you give us information, we will use it in the ways for which you've given us permission. Generally, we use your information to help us provide and improve our products and services for you. How do we store and protect your personal information? We are committed to protecting your personal information once we have it. We implement physical, business and technical security measures. Despite our efforts, if we learn of a security breach, we'll notify you so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We also don't want your personal information for any longer than we need it, so we only keep it long enough to do what we collected it for. Once we don't need it, we take steps to destroy it unless we are required by law to keep it longer. We are committed to protecting your personal information once we have it. We implement physical, business and technical security measures. Despite our efforts, if we learn of a security breach, we'll notify you so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We also don't want your personal information for any longer than we need it, so we only keep it long enough to do what we collected it for. Once we don't need it, we take steps to destroy it unless we are required by law to keep it longer. What if we change this privacy policy or any of our privacy notices? We may need to change this policy and our notices. The updates will be posted online. If the changes are substantive, we will announce the update through Mozilla's usual channels for such announcements such as blog posts and forums. Your continued use of the product or service after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of the page. We may need to change this policy and our notices. The updates will be posted online. If the changes are substantive, we will announce the update through Mozilla's usual channels for such announcements such as blog posts and forums. Your continued use of the product or service after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of the page. If you want to make a correction to your information, or you have any questions about our privacy policies, please get in touch with: Mozilla Corporation Mozilla - Privacy 149 New Montgomery St, 4th Floor San Francisco CA 94105 USA (@mozilla) (@firefox) (@firefoxchannel)