 Terms and Conditions of use and access to Valour Group (UK) Plc website and privacy policy The use of our Website is subject to the terms and conditions set out below. Please take a moment to read these terms and conditions carefully. By using or accessing any of our Website, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions. Copyright The copyright and material on this website is owned by Valour Group (UK) Plc and is protected by the copyright laws of the United Kingdom. The material on this website may only be used by those who access it from the United Kingdom and such users will be entitled to copy any such information for their own personal use but may not republish, store or reproduce any such information in any manner, including but not limited to electronic reproduction, without the prior written consent of Valour Group (UK) Plc . Any unauthorised downloading, retransmission, or other copying or modification of any of the contents of this website may be in breach of statutory or common law rights which could be the subject of legal action. Valour Group (UK) Plc disclaims all liability which may result from any unauthorised reproduction or use of the information on this website. Liability Valour Group (UK) Plc shall not be liable for any direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, including the loss of profits, business revenue or goodwill arising from the use or access of or inability to use or access, interruption or availability of this website, its operation or transmission, computer viruses, loss of data or otherwise in respect of its use. Any exclusions or limitations or restrictions of liability contained in these terms and conditions of use and access of this website shall be subject to the qualification that nothing contained in any such exclusion or limitations or restrictions of liability shall operate to exclude or restrict any duty or liability of Valour Group (UK) Plc to any person which it has under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 or its amendments. Warranties The information, materials and functions contained in this website including text, graphics, links or other items are provided on an "as is" basis excluding any warranty whatsoever, express or implied, including but not limited to warranties of satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose or freedom from computer viruses. Valour Group (UK) Plc excludes any liability for any errors in or omissions from information, materials, and functions included in this website or any third party Websites linked to or from this website. Jurisdiction This website is intended to be accessed only by persons located in the UK and Valour Group (UK) Plc makes no representation that any information, materials or functions included in this website are appropriate for use in any other jurisdiction. However, if you are unsure whether the products and services referred to on this website are available to you, please write to us at: Valour Group (UK) Plc, The Colony HQ, Altrincham Road, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 4LY. Personal Data & Privacy Policy (“We”) Valour Group (UK) Plc are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Our Privacy Policy applies to all visitors of our website. This policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed and used by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. Your data will only be used in a manner that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under law. Our site contains links to third party websites. We do not have any control over how your data is collected, stored, or processed by other websites. Please ensure that you refer to the other company’s privacy policy before providing any data to them. For the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR) the data controller is Valour Group (UK) Plc, The Colony HQ, Altrincham Road, Wilmslow, SK9 4LY. Our Data Protection Registration Number is ZA207375. We take your privacy seriously and will only use your personal information to handle your online enquiry or job application. We receive, hold and process information relating to individuals (‘personal data’) in accordance with GDPR. In doing so, the company is committed to maintaining the privacy and protection of all personal data collected in pursuance of your enquiry or application. As a company we are further committed to ensuring that our website is secure in the collection and use of your personal information. INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU When you submit an enquiry/application on our careers page or complete our contact us enquiry form we will collect and process personal information about you which may include the following: You may give us personal information about you by filling in forms on our site www.valour.co.uk (our site) or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail, letter, or method chosen by you. This includes information you provide when you use our site, and submit a general enquiry either about Valour Group (UK) Plc or one of its subsidiary companies, when you apply for a job vacancy with us, or when you report a problem with our site. The information which you provide to us may include your full name, DOB, address, e-mail address, phone number(s), past & present employment details, salary details, sensitive data such as that included within your CV, and any other personal data in which you chose to provide as part of your enquiry or job application with us. Information you to give us. Either we or one of our subsidiary companies will contact you following your application/enquiry either via phone or email with a view to conducting a telephone interview or answering your general enquiry. If your application for a vacancy is successful we will need to collect further personal information from you such as your DOB, national Insurance number, bank account details, next of kin name and contact details, driving license (if applicable), photo identification and where necessary evidence you are eligible to work within the UK such as a visa or work permit. We will also request your consent to contact previous employers in order to obtain employment references. The company will comply with its employee data protection policies throughout the duration of your employment with us. If your enquiry is regarding one of Valour Group (UK) Plc’s products/services your details will be provided to the company in which your enquiry is regarding with your consent and they will process and collect data in line with their own privacy policy. With regard to each of your visits to our site we may automatically collect the following information: Information we collect about you. technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to contact us. Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide. We may receive information about you from recruitment agencies as part of our agreement with them. In this case you will have been informed when the data was collected and provided consent for the data to be shared with us. We may receive information about you from various jobsites we use to advertise or search for candidates of which you have provided consent for your details to be shared or passed to third parties. We will receive personal information from previous employers when an employment request is submitted to them following your consent for us to conduct such a request. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE THIS INFORMATION Our use of your personal data will always have a lawful basis, either because it is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, or to take steps, at your request, to enter into a contractual relationship. We will rely on your consent to share your personal information with third parties to respond to your enquiry/application submitted through this site. We may use information held about you in the following ways: Information you give to us. We will use this information: To respond to your enquiry submitted via our website To notify you about changes to our services; With your consent pass your details to one of our subsidiary companies in order to fulfil your job application or enquiry made. To process your information for the purpose in which you made an enquiry be that a general enquiry or a job application Consider you for the role in which you applied or notify you of any upcoming or live vacancies that maybe suitable to your skillset, unless you have requested not to be contacted regarding any other vacancies. Satisfy our companies legal obligations Monitor internal policies and procedures for compliance Submit employment reference requests with your selected referees Retain as part of your personnel records once your application has been successful To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device. Information we collect about you. We will use this information: To respond to your direct application or enquiry Assess your suitability for a position with one of our subsidiary companies to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure; to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about products or services that may interest you or them. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. With your agreement, we may wish to contact you by email, SMS, post, or phone with information about other products, services or job vacancies which may be of interest to you. These communications may be from us or other members of Valour Group (UK) Plc. We will only transfer your personal data to third parties for marketing purposes with your express consent to do so. We will notify you about the identity of third parties in order for you to provide informed consent. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION We may disclose your personal information with third parties, either as required by law or as you have provided consent to do so. We may share your information with selected third parties including: Our subsidiary companies in order to process your job application or your general enquiry about our services and products, but only if you have given consent for us to do so. Recruitment Agencies for the performance of the contract both the company and you have entered into with them Future employers whom you have given consent to contact Valour Group (UK) Plc or one of its subsidiary companies for an employment reference Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site. If Valour Group (UK) Plc or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers or employees maybe one of the transferred assets. If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND HOW LONG DO WE HOLD IT FOR Your information is stored electronically within our servers and any hard copies locked away in a secure environment. Some of your information is segregated to reduce risk, access is controlled, and our systems are backed up regularly to ensure integrity. Any backups taken are encrypted. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site or emails; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. How long we keep your information for depends on the basis on which it was provided. Generally, however, we will keep the information that is necessary to enable us to provide you with a response to the service that you have requested for as long as it takes us to provide that service. If you are successful with your job application your details will be retained in line with our Data Protection Policies. If you are unsuccessful in your application we generally retain your details for future reference should a vacancy become available that we believe to be suitable for your skills. We will seek consent from you to contact you again regarding future vacancies. YOUR RIGHTS / OPT-OUT Please contact us if you have any reason to believe the data we hold on you is inaccurate. You may review, correct, update, or change your personal information at any time by contacting us as set out at the end of this Privacy Policy. You can see what information we hold about you by asking us for a copy at any time. We will also tell you where the information was obtained from. You will need to put your request in writing and we will respond within one calendar month, there is no fee chargeable for this request. Should you wish to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold on you please write to us at the address shown below. As soon as we are satisfied as to your identity we will send you, and within the legislated time, depending on the date of your request, a copy of all the data we hold concerning you. You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for future reference. If you do not want us to use your personal data to contact you regarding future vacancies within the Valour Group (UK) Plc, or other third parties you can revoke your consent by contacting us at social@valour.co.uk. Information Commissioners Office. If you are not satisfied with how we handle your personal data, in the first instance, please contact us at info@savvy.co.uk, Should, you remain dis-satisfied, then you may contact the Information Commissioners Office: Address: Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF Tel No: 0303 123 1113 Website: https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. CONTACT Questions, comments, and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Valour Group (UK) Plc, The Colony HQ, Altrincham Road, Wilmslow, SK9 4LY or sent by email to social@valour.co.uk As the Internet is not a secure medium of communication, Valour Group (UK) Plc cannot guarantee the security of any information you input on this website or send to us on the Internet. Valour Group (UK) Plc is not, and will not be, responsible for any damages you or others may suffer as a result of the loss of confidentiality of any such information. To minimise the possible risks associated with the provision of personal data, every on-line application on this website is encrypted using 256-bit encryption - the latest and most powerful encryption technology available. Web Links The provision of a link to another Website does not constitute any authorisation by Valour Group (UK) Plc to the user to access material held at that location, nor is it evidence of any endorsement by Valour Group (UK) Plc of the material held there. Valour Group (UK) Plc accepts no responsibility or liability for the privacy of your personal information on such Websites, as these are beyond our control. Valour Group (UK) Plc will accept no responsibility or liability in respect of any materials on any Website which is not under its control. Website Problems This website has been extensively tested and should work properly at all times. However, if you experience a problem at any time, please return to the homepage and try again. If the problem persists you can contact us by following the link on the 'Contact Us' section. Enforceability In the event any provision of these terms and conditions of use and access to this website is held unenforceable, it will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions and will be replaced by an enforceable provision that comes the closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable provision. Information Information provided in this website is believed to be reliable when posted. However, Valour Group (UK) Plc cannot guarantee that information will be accurate, complete, and current at all times. All information on this website is subject to modification from time to time without notice. Governing Laws The terms and conditions of use of this website shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Valour Group (UK) Plc, First Floor, Highbank House, Exchange Street, Stockport, England, SK3 0ET. Copyright © 2024 Valour Group (UK) Plc Limited. All rights reserved. Any unauthorised copying or replication will cause an infringement of copyright and where applicable trademark(s) infringement. |