You maintain ownership of your data. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future . The court of law governing the terms is in location Ontario, Canada. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service.. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection.. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers