NEW! Fakespot Chat is live. Get answers to your product questions here. NEW! Fakespot Chat is live. Get answers to your product questions here. Menu Add to Chrome, &nbspIt's free Chrome , &nbspIt's free Fakespot Privacy Notice September 19, 2023 This Privacy Notice is designed to help you understand how Fakespot Inc. ("Fakespot," "we," "us," or "our") collects, uses, and shares your personal information, and to help you understand and exercise your privacy rights This Privacy Notice applies to personal information processed by us, including on our website (www.fakespot.com), our software applications (browser extensions and mobile applications), Trusted Deals, and other online or offline offerings (collectively, the "Service" or "Services"). Changes to our Privacy Notice. We may revise this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. If there are any material changes to this Privacy Notice, we will notify you as required by applicable law. You understand and agree that you will be deemed to have accepted the updated Privacy Notice if you continue to use our Services after the new Privacy Notice takes effect. The categories of personal information we collect depend on how you interact with us, our Services, and the requirements of applicable law. We collect information that you provide to us, information we obtain automatically when you use our Services, and information from other sources such as third-party services and organizations, as described below. We may collect personal information that you provide to us. Account Information. We may collect personal information in connection with the creation or administration of your account (e.g., as a Trusted Deals customer), such as your name, email address, and company name. Information Related to Your Communications with Us. We may collect personal information, such as your first and last name, email address, phone number, and/or home or work address when you request information about Fakespot or our Services, request support, or otherwise communicate with us. Surveys. We may contact you to participate in surveys. If you decide to participate, we may collect personal information from you in connection with the survey. Interactive Features. We and others who use our Services may collect personal information that you submit or make available through our interactive features (e.g., social media pages, review analyzer, Fakespot chat). Any information you provide using the public sharing features of the Services will be considered “public,” unless otherwise required by applicable law, and is not subject to the privacy protections referenced herein. Sweepstakes or Contests. We may collect personal information you provide for any sweepstakes or contests that we may offer. In some jurisdictions, we are required to publicly share information of sweepstakes and contest winners. Conferences, Trade Shows, and Other Events. We may collect personal information from individuals when we attend or host conferences, trade shows, and other events. Business Development and Strategic Partnerships. We may collect personal information from individuals and third parties to assess and pursue potential business opportunities. Job Applications. We may post job openings and opportunities on our Services. If you respond to one of these postings, we may collect your personal information, such as your application, CV, cover letter, and/or any other information you provide to us. We may collect personal information automatically when you use our Services. User ID: Such as screen name, handle, account ID, or other user- or account-level ID that can be used to identify a particular user or account. This information could be provided via your Fakespot account, Apple ID, Google Account, or other accounts you may use on the Services. User ID also includes your account password, other credentials, security questions, and confirmation codes. Device ID: Your device information which includes, but is not limited to, information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Product Interaction: How you interact with our Services and what features you use within the Services, including Fakespot’s sort bar, highlights, review grade, seller ratings, alternative sellers, settings and popups. Other Usage Data: Individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Service, and other information about how you interact with the Service. Browser Information: Information your internet browser provides when you access and use our Services. Application Search History: Information you provide when you perform searches in our Services. Purchase Information: Your purchase history or purchase tendencies which we may use to recommend better products and sellers. Diagnostic Information: Any other data collected for the purposes of measuring technical diagnostics related to the app Crash Reports. If you choose to provide crash reports in our mobile application, we may collect personal information from the Google PlayStore or Apple App Store related to such crash reports, including detailed diagnostic information about your device and the activities that led to the crash. Location Information. We may collect your location information, such as geolocation based on your IP address in connection with your use of our Services. Publicly Available Information. In providing our Services we may collect data (including personal information such as profile names of reviewers) that is made publicly available via the internet on the websites analyzed and crawled by our Services. Cookie Policy (and Other Technologies). We, as well as third parties that provide content, advertising, or other functionality on our Services, may use cookies, pixel tags, log files, web beacons, and other technologies ("Technologies") to automatically collect information through your use of our Services. Cookies. Cookies are small text files placed in device browsers that store preferences and facilitate and enhance your experience. Log Files. Log files track actions occurring on the Service, and collect data including your IP address, browser. type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. These files include event. data we collect using Google Analytics and our internal event system. Pixel Tags/Web Beacons. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is a piece of code embedded in our Services that collects information about engagement on our Services. The use of a pixel tag allows us to record, for example, that a user has visited a particular web page or clicked on a particular advertisement. We may also include web beacons in e-mails to understand whether messages have been opened, acted on, or forwarded. Our uses of these Technologies fall into the following general categories: Operationally Necessary. This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity, improve security, or allow you to make use of our functionality; This includes Technologies that allow you access to our Services, applications, and tools that are required to identify irregular website behavior, prevent fraudulent activity, improve security, or allow you to make use of our functionality; We may use Technologies to assess the performance of our Services, including as part of our analytic practices to help us understand how individuals use our Services Functionality-Related. We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed; We may use Technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Services. This may include identifying you when you sign into our Services or keeping track of your specified preferences, interests, or past items viewed; We may use first party or third-party Technologies to deliver content, including ads relevant to your interests, on our Services or on third-party digital properties. Some of the advertising Technologies we use include: Analytics. We may use Technologies and other third-party tools to process analytics information on our Services. These Technologies allow us to better understand how our digital Services are used and to continually improve and personalize our Services. Some of our analytics providers include: Social Media Platforms. Our Services may contain social media buttons, such as Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn, which might include widgets such as the “share this” button or other interactive mini programs). These features may collect personal information such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with these platforms are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. Data Linked to Your Personal Identity. Depending on how you use Fakespot, we may or may not link data we collect on Fakespot to your personal identity (e.g., your name and location). Apple IOS Applications ("Fakespot's Apple Apps") We collect the following data when you use Fakespot’s Apple Apps, but we do not link it to your personal identity: Browser Extensions: We collect the following data when you use Fakespot’s Browser Extensions and may link it to your personal identity in order to effectively market our products and services to you and others: Fakespot.com: We collect the following data when you use Fakespot.com and may link it to your personal identity in order to effectively market our products and services to you and others: Android Applications: We collect the following data when you use Fakespot’s Android Applications and may link it to your personal identity in order to effectively market our products and services to you and others: Third-Party Services and Sources. We may obtain personal information about you from other sources, including through third-party services and organizations; our joint-ventures and promotional and strategic partners; personal information suppliers; distributors and other vendors; marketing mailing lists; other users submitting personal information about you, such as to invite you to participate in an offering, make recommendations, or share content; publicly available sources. For example, if you access our Services through a third-party application, we may collect personal information about you from that third-party application that you have made available via your privacy settings. For purposes of the EU or UK General Data Protection Regulation, Fakespot’s processing of your personal information may be supported by the following lawful bases: We use your personal information for a variety of business purposes and legal bases, including to provide our Services, for administrative purposes, and to market our products and Services, as described below. We have a legitimate interest in using your personal information to fulfill our contract with you and provide our Services, such as: We have a legitimate interest in using your personal information for various administrative purposes, such as: We may use personal information to tailor and provide you with content and advertisements. We may provide you with these materials as permitted by applicable law. Some of the ways we may market to you include email campaigns, custom audiences advertising, and “personalized advertising” or “targeted advertising,” including through cross-device tracking. We may use personal information for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information or with your consent. We also use your personal information for other purposes as requested by you or as permitted by applicable law. We may use personal information to create de-identified and/or aggregated information, such as demographic information, information about how you use the Services, information about the device from which you access our Services, or other analyses we create. If we create or receive de-identified information, we will not attempt to reidentify such information, unless permitted by applicable laws or required to comply with. De-identified and/or aggregated information is not personal information, and we may use, disclose, and retain such information as permitted by applicable laws including, but not limited to, for research, analysis, analytics, and any other legally permissible purposes. We disclose your personal information to third parties for a variety of business purposes, including to provide our Services, to protect us or others, or in the event of a major business transaction such as a merger, sale, or asset transfer, as described below. The categories of third parties with whom we may share your personal information are described below. Service Providers. We may share your personal information with our third-party service providers and vendors that assist us with the provision of our Services. This includes service providers and vendors that provide us with IT support, hosting, payment processing, customer service, and related services. Business Partners. We may share your personal information with business partners to provide you with a product or service you have requested. We may also share your personal information with business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services. Fakespot Affiliated Companies. We may share your personal information with our corporate affiliated companies, such as our parent company or subsidiaries. Advertising Partners. We may share your personal information with third-party advertising partners. These third-party advertising partners may set Technologies and other tracking tools on our Services to collect information regarding your activities and your device (e.g., your IP address, cookie identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). These advertising partners may use this information (and similar information collected from other services) for purposes of delivering personalized advertisements to you when you visit digital properties within their networks. This practice is commonly referred to as “interest-based advertising,” “personalized advertising,” or “targeted advertising.” APIs/SDKs. We may use third-party application program interfaces ("APIs") and software development kits ("SDKs") as part of the functionality of our Services. For more information about our use of APIs and SDKs, please contact us as set forth in “Contact Us” below. We may access, preserve, and disclose any information we store associated with you to external parties if we, in good faith, believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement or national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety; enforce our policies or contracts; collect amounts owed to us; or assist with an investigation or prosecution of suspected or actual illegal activity. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. Your Privacy Choices. The privacy choices you may have about your personal information are determined by applicable law and are described below. Your Privacy Rights. In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: If your personal information is subject to the applicable data protection laws of the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority if you believe our processing of your personal information violates applicable law. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us by email at contact@fakespot.com with the subject line “Privacy Rights Request” and please provide your specific request within the body of the email so we can efficiently accommodate your request. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. All personal information processed by us may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including, but not limited to, the United States or other countries, which may have data protection laws that are different from the laws where you live. For more information about the safeguards we use for international transfers of your personal information, please contact us as set forth below. We store the personal information we collect as described in this Privacy Notice for as long as you use our Services, or as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, provide our Services, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, enforce our agreements, and comply with applicable laws. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we may consider applicable legal requirements, the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, certain risk factors, the purposes for which we process your personal information, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means. This Supplemental Notice for California Residents supplements our Privacy Notice and only applies to our processing of personal information that is subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) ("CCPA"). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of personal information Fakespot has collected about them, whether Fakespot disclosed that personal information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider), whether Fakespot “sold” that personal information, and whether Fakespot “shared” that personal information for “cross-context behavioral advertising” in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below: Category of Personal Information Collected by FakespotCategory of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business PurposeCategory of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Sold and/or SharedIdentifiers(e.g., name, postal address, zip code, email address, account name, payment card numbers, or other similar identifiers, IP address, device IDs, or other similar identifiers)Service providersN/APersonal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e))Service providersN/A Protected classification characteristics under California or federal lawService providersN/ACommercial information(e.g., records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies)Service providersAdvertising partnersService providers Category of Personal Information Collected by FakespotCategory of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business PurposeCategory of Third Parties to Whom Personal Information is Sold and/or SharedInternet or other electronic network activity(e.g., browsing history, search history, information regarding an individual's interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement, and online viewing activities)Service providersAdvertising partnersService providersGeolocation data(e.g., if you access our Services on your mobile device we may collect information about your device's precise location)Service providersAdvertising partnersService providersProfessional or employment-related informationService providersN/AInferences drawn from other personal information to create a profile about a consumerService providersAdvertising partnersService providersPersonal information that reveals a consumer’s account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an accountService providersN/A We “sell” and “share” your personal information to provide you with “cross-context behavioral advertising” about Fakespot’s products and services. Additional Disclosures for California Residents Disclosure Regarding Individuals Under the Age of 16. Fakespot does not have actual knowledge of any “sale” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Fakespot does not have actual knowledge of any “sharing” of personal information of minors under 16 years of age for “cross-context behavioral advertising.” Disclosure Regarding Sensitive Personal Information. Fakespot only uses and discloses sensitive personal information for the following purposes: Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA. Verification. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling requests submitted under the CCPA. These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative. Examples of our verification process may include following up with you to confirm that you are a user of the Services. Third-Party Websites/Applications. The Services may contain links to other websites/applications and other websites/applications may reference or link to our Services. These third-party services are not controlled by us. We encourage our users to read the privacy policies of each website and application with which they interact. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Providing personal information to third-party websites or applications is at your own risk. Marketing Affiliates. Fakespot partners with third-party businesses through affiliate marketing programs (collectively “Marketing Affiliates”) to offer you product and seller alternatives through our Services. As a result, Fakespot may earn commission from its Marketing Affiliates from some of your interactions with our Services including, but not limited to, clicking on links to third-party websites, clicking on advertising links, or purchasing an item. Fakespot does not share or sell any of your personal information generated on our Services to our Marketing Affiliates. If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice, or to exercise your rights as detailed in this Privacy Notice, please contact us at: Fakespot by Mozilla Reviews Support Apps Social Copyright 2023 Fakespot by Mozilla ×Get in touch with usSend us a message and we'll get back to you soon!If you are a human, ignore this fieldIf you are a human, ignore this fieldYour name*Your email*Subject*Select One General Question - Website General Question - Mobile Apps General Question - Chrome Extension User Feedback Analysis Inquiry Product Not Available for Analysis Media Request OthersYour message* × Get in touch with us Send us a message and we'll get back to you soon! If you are a human, ignore this fieldIf you are a human, ignore this fieldYour name*Your email*Subject*Select One General Question - Website General Question - Mobile Apps General Question - Chrome Extension User Feedback Analysis Inquiry Product Not Available for Analysis Media Request OthersYour message* If you are a human, ignore this fieldIf you are a human, ignore this field If you are a human, ignore this field Your name* Your email* Subject*Select One General Question - Website General Question - Mobile Apps General Question - Chrome Extension User Feedback Analysis Inquiry Product Not Available for Analysis Media Request Others Your message*