Your cart is empty Take the Quiz Login Log In Cart Effective Date: October 2021 Bright Cellars Inc. ("Bright Cellars", "we", "us", or "our") appreciates the trust and confidence you place in us when you visit us at brightcellars.com ("Site") and when you do with business with us (collectively our "Services"). Your privacy is important to us. Please read this Bright Cellars Privacy Policy ("Policy") to learn about what data we collect, how we collect your information, how we use your data, who we share it with, how we protect it, and your rights around the data. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. By using our Services, you agree to this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of our Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes. Please check the Policy periodically for updates. What Information We Collect? When you use our Services, we may collect information that that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with or could reasonably be linked, directly, or indirectly, to you ("Personal Information"). This does not include aggregated or de-identified information that is maintained in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked with you. Bright Cellars has collected the following categories of Personal Information from users within the last twelve months: Identifiers, such as real names, aliases, postal addresses, online usernames, email addresses, account names, driver's license numbers, social security numbers, passport numbers or other similar identifiers. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or Federal Law, such as age, race, gender identity, or gender expression. Commercial information, such as records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Internet or other electronic network activity, including but not limited to, browsing history, IP addresses, and information regarding interactions with a website, or application. Geolocation data How We Collect Information We collect the above listed categories of personal information from you when you use our Services. Additionally, the inferences we create come from our analysis of the information you provide to us. We collect information from the following sources: Information You Provide Us Information Collected Automatically Log Data: When you use our Services, whether as a registered user or a non-registered user, our servers may automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser software version or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. Mobile Devices: We may collect information from your mobile device, such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting our Services. Location Data: When you use our Services, we may solicit your permission to collect your location data. Some features within our Services may only function upon confirmation of your location, and therefore such features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data. The specificity of the location data may depend on several factors, including the device you are using and how your connected to the Internet. If you enable location services for our Services, we may collect location data periodically as you use or leave open our Services. Depending on the platform you use to access our mobile applications you may be able to control whether location data is collected with certain settings on your device. Cookies and Similar Technology: We and our third-party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Sites. We may combine this information with other Personal Information we collect from you (and our third-party service providers may do so on our behalf). Cookies. "Cookies" are small data files stored on your own computer's hard drive. We (and our third-party providers) use cookies to facilitate the operation of our Site (e.g., as part of the account login features), to personalize the content we display to you, and for analytics, marketing, and advertising purposes. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. If you choose to reject cookies, certain functions and applications on our Site may not work properly. The Bright Cellars website uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart including when you have abandoned your cart and this information is used to determine when to send cart reminder messages via SMS. Pixel Tags. Pixel tags (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, though, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages, not stored on your hard drive. We might use clear GIFs to track the activities of users of our Site, help us manage content, and compile statistics about usage. We and our third-party service providers also might use clear GIFs in HTML e-mails to our customers, to help us track e-mail response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and track whether our e-mails are forwarded. Third-Party Analytics. We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, (for more information, click here) to increase our Site's functionality and user-friendliness, to better tailor it to our visitors' needs, and to detect suspicious activity. We use these tools to help us improve our Site, performance, and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services. We do not share your Personal Information with these third parties. The above excludes text messaging originator opt-in data and consent; this information will not be shared with any third parties. DO NOT TRACK. Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to the websites with which the user communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether you intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether you even are aware of them. Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not act in response to these signals. Activity and Usage Information: We may receive information from third parties, such as technical service and analytics providers, on your interests, browsing behavior, and other navigation data, such as advertisements viewed and websites visited, to customize content and advertising. CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED BUSINESS OR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES FOR COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING CATEGORIES OF THIRD PARTIES WITH WHOM SOME OR ALL THE PERSONAL INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED Personal and online identifiers To provide and improve the Services Personalization of the Services Customer support Marketing and targeted advertising Security and fraud prevention Marketing sponsors and partners Ad networks Analytics services Characteristics of protected classifications under California or Federal Law, such as age To provide and improve the Services Personalization of the Services Direct marketing Targeted advertising Analytics Research and development Security and fraud prevention Marketing sponsors and partners Ad networks Analytics services Commercial Information To provide and improve the Services Personalization of the Services Direct marketing Targeted advertising Ad networks Analytics services Online Activity Information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement) To provide and improve the Services Personalization of the Services Direct marketing Targeted advertising Add networks Analytics services Technology service providers Non-Precise Geolocation information (such as zip or area code, state, country) To provide and improve the Services to you Personalization of the Services Fraud and cybersecurity Direct marketing Targeted advertising Marketing sponsors and partners Ad networks Analytics services Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences To improve the Services Personalization of the Services Direct marketing Targeted advertising Analytics Marketing sponsors and partners Ad networks Analytics services Technology service providers Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above To improve the Services Personalization of the Services Marketing sponsors and partners Ad networks Analytics services Technology service providers We do not sell your Personal Information to outside parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, providing marketing and advertising services, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. From time to time, we may partner with other trusted brands and may share information with them if we believe they offer products and services that may be of interest to you. We may also release your Personal information in the following situations: We may also share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose non-identifying information and Log Data to parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling, and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We use your Personal Information to tailor our marketing and advertising efforts. To do this, we provide your information to third party advertising networks (such as Google Doubleclick) and social media companies (such as Facebook, Instagram, and other social media platforms). When we provide data to agencies, ad networks, and other parties for targeted advertising, we do not provide them with your name, financial information, or any sensitive information. We use online identifiers such as email, cookie addresses, and device identifiers to help us provide targeted advertising to you and others like you. We may also use aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to target audiences. To opt out of targeted advertising, you may use the following links provided by third parties that manage opt outs for some ad networks: We also add you to our mailing lists for email communications from us and our partners, when you sign up for our mailing lists, purchase our merchandise, or subscribe to our content online. You may also be opted in to receive email or commercial communications if you have entered a contest or sweepstakes. Regardless of how you have provided us your email address for marketing purposes, if you receive commercial content from us at your email address, you can opt out at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Please note that even if you opt-out of receiving commercial emails, you will still receive emails that are transactional in nature, such as actions taken on your account, updates to our online policies, and other transactional communications. We may also ask you to consent to receive text message communications from us. You may opt-out entirely of receiving any text messages from us—promotional, transactional, or otherwise—by replying STOP to any text message you receive from us. Message and data rates may apply. We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your Personal Information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your Personal Information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, etc.) will not be stored on our servers. While the following applies to all visitors to and users of the Site regardless of where they reside, depending on where you live, you may have additional rights regarding accessing, correcting, and deleting your Personal Information. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights to your data. You can review and change your Personal Information by logging into the Site and accessing your account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the past 12 months (the "Right to Know"). Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete), we will disclose to you: You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions (the "Right to Delete"). Once we receive your request and confirm your identity (see Exercising Your Rights to Know or Delete), we will review your request to see if an exception allowing us to retain the information applies. We cannot delete your Personal Information except by deleting your user account. We will delete or deidentify Personal Information not subject to an exceptions from our records and will direct our service providers to take similar action.  Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may exercise the Right to Know or Right to Delete related to your Personal Information. You may only exercise the Right to Know twice within a 12-month period. To exercise the Right to Know or Right to Delete, you must: We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your Right to Know or Right to Delete. We will only use Personal Information provided in the request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make it. You will be asked to provide certain information to exercise this option so we can verify your identity and locate your records with us. Please note that your decision to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information may impact the availability and quality of some of the Services provided to you. Furthermore, your information may still be shared pursuant to the terms of this policy, where such sharing does not constitute a sale. Our Site and Services are not directed persons under 21. We do not knowingly collect information from persons under 21. We may update this Policy from time to time. When we update the Policy, we will notify you by updating the "Last Updated" date at the top of this Policy, posting the new Policy, and providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Policy each time you visit the Site to stay informed of our privacy practices. If you do not agree or consent to these updates or changes, do not continue to use the Services. Our Services, email updates, and other communications may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of others, including our partner networks, advertisers, and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below: Let's make wine fun together. Join our wine-curious community and learn what you like.