Language learning online @ LingQ Display Language: en English Spanish German French Italian Portuguese Japanese Chinese (Simplified) Chinese (Traditional) Korean Russian Swedish Turkish Dutch Lithuanian Greek Polish Ukrainian Display Language: en Effective Date: 25 May 2018 LingQ is headquartered in West Vancouver, Canada and our Services are provided to you by LingQ Languages Ltd (LingQ). If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), The Linguist Institute, is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of EU data protection law. This policy was written in English. To the extent a translated version conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. Unless indicated otherwise, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party products or services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with on or through the Services. LingQ collects information about you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you, if you or your other members choose to share it with LingQ. We receive information in a few different ways, including when you track, complete or upload activities using the Services. LingQ also collects information about how you use the Services. There are also several opportunities for you to share information about yourself and your activities with LingQ. For example: When you visit the Services, a cookie will be stored on your computer. Generally, cookies and similar technologies work by assigning to your browser or device a unique number that has no meaning outside of LingQ. LingQ uses these technologies to personalize your experience and to assist in delivering content specific to your interests. Additionally, after you’ve entered your member ID and password during a session on the Services, LingQ saves that information so you don’t have to re-enter it repeatedly during that session. The Services use log files. Stored information includes IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer, protect and secure the Services, track member movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc., may be linked to session IDs, user IDs and device identifiers. LingQ uses the information we collect and receive to administer and operate the Services and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we use your learning information to provide you with statistics and visualizations representing key data points like known words. Your information, including your profile, username, photos, members you follow and who follow you, groups you belong to, your activities, and likes and comments you give and receive will be shared on LingQ to participate in the Services, for example to show your place in the rankings. LingQ may de-identify or aggregate the content you make available in connection with the Services, in ways that do not personally identify you. Examples of such aggregated information or statistical data include information about equipment, usage, demographics, languages and performance. LingQ may use, sell, license, and share this information with third parties for research, business or other purposes such as to improve language acquisition. Please visit your privacy settings if you object to LingQ using your information for these purposes. We may share your information with third parties who provide services to LingQ such as supporting and improving the Services, promoting the Services, processing payments, or fulfilling orders. These service providers will only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information. We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of the Services over time on our behalf so that we or they may promote LingQ or display information that may be relevant to your interests on the Services or other websites or services. Subject to your privacy settings, your information and content may be publicly accessible. When you choose to use third party apps, plug-ins, or websites that integrate with the Services, they may receive your information and content, including your personal information, photos, and your activity data (including private activities). Information collected by these third parties is subject to their terms and policies. LingQ is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties. We may share your information with affiliates under common control with us, who are required to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to your information. If LingQ becomes involved in a business combination, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution or other similar transaction, we may share or transfer your information in connection with such transaction. We may share your information with third parties when we forward Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) notifications, which will be forwarded as submitted to us without any deletions. We take several measures to safeguard the collection, transmission and storage of the data we collect. Although we strive to employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of the information you share with us and we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information or content. No system is 100% secure. The Services uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of personal information and credit card numbers. LingQ engages a company that is an industry leader in online security and Services verification to strengthen the security of LingQ’s Services. The Services are registered with site identification authorities so that your browser can confirm LingQ’s identity before any personally identifiable information is sent. In addition, LingQ’s secure servers protect this information using advanced firewall technology. To help ensure that these measures are effective in preventing unauthorized access to your private information, you should be aware of the security features available to you through your browser. You should use a security-enabled browser to submit your credit card information and other personal information at the Services. Please note that if you do not use a SSL-capable browser, you are at risk for having data intercepted. Most browsers have the ability to notify you if you change between secure and insecure communications, receive invalid services identification information for the Services you are communicating with, or send information over an unsecured connection. LingQ recommends that you enable these browser functions to help ensure that your communications are secure. You can also monitor the URL of the services you are visiting (secure URLs begin with https:// rather than http://), along with the security symbol of your browser to help identify when you are communicating with a secure server. You can also view the details of the security certificate of the services to which you are connected. Please check the validity of any Services you connect to using secure communications. While LingQ continues to work hard to protect your personal information, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and LingQ cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to LingQ. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk. Note that content you have shared with others (for example, through lessons) or that others have copied may also remain visible after you have deleted your account or deleted the information from your own profile. Your public profile may be displayed in search engine results until the search engine refreshes its cache. If you are habitually located in the European Union, you have the right to access, rectify, download or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited circumstances. We describe these rights below: Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our Services may be de-identified and aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights which are commercially valuable to LingQ, such as statistics of the use of the Services. For example, we may retain popular lesson usage information, topic information and other depersonalized preference information to continue to improve the Services and to improve the Lesson Feed and provision of suitable content. This information will be de-associated with your name and other identifiers. © 2018 LingQ 