EnglishThis page cannot function without javascript. Please enable javascript and reload the page.DeutschDiese Seite kann ohne Javascript nicht funktionieren. Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript und laden Sie die Seite neu.EspañolEsta página no puede funcionar sin javascript. Habilite javascript y vuelva a cargar la página.DanskDenne side kan ikke fungere uden javascript. Aktivér javascript og genindlæs siden.FrançaisCette page ne peut pas fonctionner sans javascript. Veuillez activer javascript et recharger la page.NorskDenne siden kan ikke fungere uten javascript. Aktiver javascript og last siden på nytt.PolskiTa strona nie może działać bez javascript. Włącz javascript i odśwież stronę.Português Esta página não pode funcionar sem javascript. Favor habilitar o javascript e recarregar a página.SvenskaDen här sidan kan inte fungera utan javascript. Aktivera javascript och ladda om sidan igen.NederlandsDeze pagina kan niet functioneren zonder javascript. Schakel javascript in en laad de pagina opnieuw. EnglishThis page cannot function without javascript. Please enable javascript and reload the page. English This page cannot function without javascript. Please enable javascript and reload the page. DeutschDiese Seite kann ohne Javascript nicht funktionieren. Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript und laden Sie die Seite neu. Deutsch Diese Seite kann ohne Javascript nicht funktionieren. Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript und laden Sie die Seite neu. EspañolEsta página no puede funcionar sin javascript. Habilite javascript y vuelva a cargar la página. Español Esta página no puede funcionar sin javascript. Habilite javascript y vuelva a cargar la página. DanskDenne side kan ikke fungere uden javascript. Aktivér javascript og genindlæs siden. Dansk Denne side kan ikke fungere uden javascript. Aktivér javascript og genindlæs siden. FrançaisCette page ne peut pas fonctionner sans javascript. Veuillez activer javascript et recharger la page. Français Cette page ne peut pas fonctionner sans javascript. Veuillez activer javascript et recharger la page. NorskDenne siden kan ikke fungere uten javascript. Aktiver javascript og last siden på nytt. Norsk Denne siden kan ikke fungere uten javascript. Aktiver javascript og last siden på nytt. PolskiTa strona nie może działać bez javascript. Włącz javascript i odśwież stronę. Polski Ta strona nie może działać bez javascript. Włącz javascript i odśwież stronę. Português Esta página não pode funcionar sem javascript. Favor habilitar o javascript e recarregar a página. Português Esta página não pode funcionar sem javascript. Favor habilitar o javascript e recarregar a página. SvenskaDen här sidan kan inte fungera utan javascript. Aktivera javascript och ladda om sidan igen. Svenska Den här sidan kan inte fungera utan javascript. Aktivera javascript och ladda om sidan igen. NederlandsDeze pagina kan niet functioneren zonder javascript. Schakel javascript in en laad de pagina opnieuw. Nederlands Deze pagina kan niet functioneren zonder javascript. Schakel javascript in en laad de pagina opnieuw. Privacy, Please! Blog and newsletter on the latest in privacy. Our Privacy PolicyWe created Startpage to help you search and browse the internet privately. Not because you have something to hide, but because you have a lot to protect! We blazed the trail in 2006, and protecting your privacy is now more important than ever. Protecting your privacy is all about having control over your data. At Startpage, we help you control and protect what’s yours. When it comes to privacy, it's not just our policy. It's our mission! We created Startpage to help you search and browse the internet privately. Not because you have something to hide, but because you have a lot to protect! We blazed the trail in 2006, and protecting your privacy is now more important than ever. Protecting your privacy is all about having control over your data. At Startpage, we help you control and protect what’s yours. When it comes to privacy, it's not just our policy. It's our mission! We created Startpage to help you search and browse the internet privately. Not because you have something to hide, but because you have a lot to protect! We blazed the trail in 2006, and protecting your privacy is now more important than ever. Protecting your privacy is all about having control over your data. At Startpage, we help you control and protect what’s yours. When it comes to privacy, it's not just our policy. It's our mission! ContentsWe don't collect any "personal data"How we define "personal data"We don't record your search queriesHow we have implemented truly anonymous analyticsHow we keep Startpage free without using "personal data"What happens to your data beyond Startpage searchWe don't disclose or sell your contact informationHow we respond to governmental requests for dataWe will never comply with any voluntary surveillance programStartpage complies with the GDPRIn the EU you have a "right to be forgotten"Dutch Data Protection AuthorityOur company and contact information We don't collect any "personal data"How we define "personal data"We don't record your search queriesHow we have implemented truly anonymous analyticsHow we keep Startpage free without using "personal data"What happens to your data beyond Startpage searchWe don't disclose or sell your contact informationHow we respond to governmental requests for dataWe will never comply with any voluntary surveillance programStartpage complies with the GDPRIn the EU you have a "right to be forgotten"Dutch Data Protection AuthorityOur company and contact information We don't collect any "personal data" How we define "personal data" We don't record your search queries How we have implemented truly anonymous analytics How we keep Startpage free without using "personal data" What happens to your data beyond Startpage search We don't disclose or sell your contact information How we respond to governmental requests for data We will never comply with any voluntary surveillance program Startpage complies with the GDPR In the EU you have a "right to be forgotten" Dutch Data Protection Authority Our company and contact information We don't collect any "personal data"If information isn’t collected, it can’t be stolen, demanded, leaked or abused. Protecting your personal data is the best way to safeguard your online privacy. If information isn’t collected, it can’t be stolen, demanded, leaked or abused. Protecting your personal data is the best way to safeguard your online privacy. How we define "personal data"Our definition of personal data is based on the privacy laws and regulations of the EU, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These are widely regarded as the strongest privacy protections in the world. We consider any information about you or your behavior that can be traced back to you as personal data. Information we don’t collect So let’s be perfectly clear: We don’t record your IP address The only exception is for automated search requests (robots) that rapidly submit more queries to our servers than any normal human would. When our software detects potential abuse, we register and block the offending IP address in order to keep our service safe and free. We don’t serve any tracking or identifying cookies This is about "good" and "bad" cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to your hard drive by websites you visit. "Bad" cookies have unique elements that can track all kinds of personal information. We don’t serve any of those. Startpage uses just one "good" cookie called "preferences" in order to remember the search preferences you choose. It’s completely anonymous and expires after not visiting Startpage for 90 days. Our definition of personal data is based on the privacy laws and regulations of the EU, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These are widely regarded as the strongest privacy protections in the world. We consider any information about you or your behavior that can be traced back to you as personal data. Information we don’t collect So let’s be perfectly clear: We don’t record your IP address The only exception is for automated search requests (robots) that rapidly submit more queries to our servers than any normal human would. When our software detects potential abuse, we register and block the offending IP address in order to keep our service safe and free. We don’t serve any tracking or identifying cookies This is about "good" and "bad" cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to your hard drive by websites you visit. "Bad" cookies have unique elements that can track all kinds of personal information. We don’t serve any of those. Startpage uses just one "good" cookie called "preferences" in order to remember the search preferences you choose. It’s completely anonymous and expires after not visiting Startpage for 90 days. Our definition of personal data is based on the privacy laws and regulations of the EU, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These are widely regarded as the strongest privacy protections in the world. We consider any information about you or your behavior that can be traced back to you as personal data. Information we don’t collect So let’s be perfectly clear: We don’t record your IP address We don’t serve any tracking or identifying cookies We don't record your search queriesWhen you search, your query is automatically stripped of unnecessary metadata including your IP address and other identifying information. We send the anonymized search query to our search and content providers and return the search results to you. We don’t log your searches. To prevent abuse such as robotic high-volume querying, we anonymously determine the frequency of popular search keywords as a part of our anti-abuse measures, while protecting your privacy. When you search, your query is automatically stripped of unnecessary metadata including your IP address and other identifying information. We send the anonymized search query to our search and content providers and return the search results to you. We don’t log your searches. To prevent abuse such as robotic high-volume querying, we anonymously determine the frequency of popular search keywords as a part of our anti-abuse measures, while protecting your privacy. When you search, your query is automatically stripped of unnecessary metadata including your IP address and other identifying information. We send the anonymized search query to our search and content providers and return the search results to you. We don’t log your searches. We send the anonymized search query to our search and content providers and return To prevent abuse such as robotic high-volume querying, we anonymously determine the frequency of popular search keywords as a part of our anti-abuse measures, while protecting your privacy. How we have implemented truly anonymous analyticsWe do measure overall traffic numbers and some other – strictly anonymous – statistics. These stats may include the number of times our service is accessed by a certain operating system, a type of browser, a language, etc., but we don’t know anything about individual users. We do measure overall traffic numbers and some other – strictly anonymous – statistics. These stats may include the number of times our service is accessed by a certain operating system, a type of browser, a language, etc., but we don’t know anything about individual users. How we keep Startpage free without using "personal data"Most online advertising today is personalized, meaning that online advertising services track what you do online and profile you in order to serve tailored ads. We don’t do that at Startpage. No tracking. No profiling! Our search result pages may include a small number of clearly labeled "sponsored links," which generate revenue and cover our operational costs. Those links are retrieved from platforms such as Google AdSense. In order to enable the prevention of click fraud, some non-identifying system information is shared, but because we never share personal information or information that could uniquely identify you, the ads we display are not connected to any individual user. It’s a myth that search engines need to profile you in order to earn decent money. Startpage serves strictly non-personalized ads. Sure, our ads make only a fraction of what other search engine ads make, but they pay all our bills. Most online advertising today is personalized, meaning that online advertising services track what you do online and profile you in order to serve tailored ads. We don’t do that at Startpage. No tracking. No profiling! Our search result pages may include a small number of clearly labeled "sponsored links," which generate revenue and cover our operational costs. Those links are retrieved from platforms such as Google AdSense. In order to enable the prevention of click fraud, some non-identifying system information is shared, but because we never share personal information or information that could uniquely identify you, the ads we display are not connected to any individual user. It’s a myth that search engines need to profile you in order to earn decent money. Startpage serves strictly non-personalized ads. Sure, our ads make only a fraction of what other search engine ads make, but they pay all our bills. Most online advertising today is personalized, meaning that online advertising services track what you do online and profile you in order to serve tailored ads. We don’t do that at Startpage. No tracking. No profiling! Our search result pages may include a small number of clearly labeled "sponsored links," which generate revenue and cover our operational costs. Those links are retrieved from platforms such as Google AdSense. In order to enable the prevention of click fraud, some non-identifying system information is shared, but because we never share personal information or information that could uniquely identify you, the ads we display are not connected to any individual user. It’s a myth that search engines need to profile you in order to earn decent money. Startpage serves strictly non-personalized ads. Sure, our ads make only a fraction of what other search engine ads make, but they pay all our bills. Once you click on a search result, you leave our site and our privacy protection. This is true for sponsored links, search results and other external links. Unless ... you use our proprietary feature " How we respond to governmental requests for dataThey can’t request what we don’t have. Any request will have to come from Dutch judicial authorities. We’ll only comply if we’re legally obliged to do so. But we’re not likely to receive requests by governments to hand over user data – simply because we don’t have any. They can’t request what we don’t have. Any request will have to come from Dutch judicial authorities. We’ll only comply if we’re legally obliged to do so. But we’re not likely to receive requests by governments to hand over user data – simply because we don’t have any. We will never comply with any voluntary surveillance programFortunately, we are based in the EU, where we have strong laws that protect your right to privacy. European governments can’t legally force service providers like Startpage to implement a blanket spying program. Fortunately, we are based in the EU, where we have strong laws that protect your right to privacy. European governments can’t legally force service providers like Startpage to implement a blanket spying program. Startpage complies with the GDPRWe are located in the EU, and we fully comply with applicable privacy laws and regulations of the EU, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These are widely regarded as the strongest privacy protections in the world. Looking for a quick win to improve your own GDPR compliance? Setting Startpage as the default search engine on all your organization’s IT equipment will help you minimize the amount of personal data that is processed by or for your organization. This can also help you implement important privacy principles, such as data minimization, storage limitation, privacy by design and privacy by default. We are located in the EU, and we fully comply with applicable privacy laws and regulations of the EU, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These are widely regarded as the strongest privacy protections in the world. Looking for a quick win to improve your own GDPR compliance? Setting Startpage as the default search engine on all your organization’s IT equipment will help you minimize the amount of personal data that is processed by or for your organization. This can also help you implement important privacy principles, such as data minimization, storage limitation, privacy by design and privacy by default. We are located in the EU, and we fully comply with applicable privacy laws and regulations of the EU, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). These are widely regarded as the strongest privacy protections in the world. Looking for a quick win to improve your own GDPR compliance? Setting Startpage as the default search engine on all your organization’s IT equipment will help you minimize the amount of personal data that is processed by or for your organization. This can also help you implement important privacy principles, such as data minimization, storage limitation, privacy by design and privacy by default. Still have privacy questions? Startpage is owned and operated by Surfboard Holding BV, Wilhelmina van Pruisenweg 104 2595 AN, Den Haag, The Netherlands. You can contact us at  Learn more about how to be private online. Visit our privacy blog.