This privacy policy discloses: We do not disclose your information to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: We do not sell the personal information that we collect. Urban Dictionary provides California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) consumer rights to all our users. You have the following rights concerning the information we collect: Please understand that the above rights are subject to exceptions in some cases and that your request may require verification. We will always consider and verify your privacy request in accordance with California regulations before we take responsive action. You may request disclosure and/or deletion of any information we have collected about you by either: We will be in touch after receiving your request to verify your identity and to process your request. Please note that requests are considered on a case-by-case basis and are subject to legal requirements and, in some cases, verification. In some cases, users may also click the "Do Not Sell My Personal Information Link" available in a banner on the bottom of our website to opt out of Ad Partner information collection. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are required to use some Urban Dictionary services. Urban Dictionary and its Ad Partners use cookies to record current session information. Our Ad Partners may also from time to time use web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons are provided by our Ad Partners and allow Ad Partners to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page and the information in cookies set by the Ad Partners. Web beacons enable our Ad Partners to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. With both cookies and web beacon technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. Urban Dictionary uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run Urban Dictionary. Urban Dictionary owns the code, databases, and all rights to the Urban Dictionary application. We take precautions to ensure the security of your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee that hackers or unauthorized personnel may gain access to your personal information despite our efforts. You should note that in using the Urban Dictionary service, your information will travel through third party infrastructures which are not under our control. We cannot protect, nor does this Privacy Policy apply to, any information that you transmit to other users. You should never transmit personal or identifying information to other users. We do not collect personal information that belongs to any of the following categories: Below we provide details about the categories of personal information we have collected about all visitors to our site in the last year, and the categories of personal information we have disclosed about those users for a business purpose in the last year. We collect additional information from users with accounts, about users who make purchases from our store, and other individuals, as detailed in the following sections. Categories: identifiers; geolocation data We collect: IP address Purpose: to analyze trends; to help improve and secure our website; for sharing with third-party advertisers How long we keep the information: for a limited time as determined by our security and compliance requirements How we disclose the information: to our service providers; to third-party advertisers Service Providers that process the information: hosting, security, cloud storage and computing, and analytics service providers How shared or sold: shared with third-party advertisers Source(s): automatic collection Category: network activity We collect: internet service providers' names; web browser types; mobile device types; computer operating system information; data about browsing activity when using our website; search data on our website Below we provide details about the categories of personal information we have collected about users with user accounts on our website in the last year, and the categories of personal information we have disclosed about those users for a business purpose in the last year. We collect additional information about all users of our website, users who make purchases in our store, and other individuals, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. Category: identifiers We collect: any pseudonym or handle used on our website; email address Purpose: to allow you to submit definitions to the Urban Dictionary website and to use our services; to communicate with you about our website and services How long we keep the information: until you delete your account and/or opt out of communications about our services, or as long as is necessary for our security and compliance purposes, whichever is longer How we disclose the information: to our service providers Service Providers that process the information: email, hosting, security, cloud storage and computing, and analytics service providers How shared or sold: n/a Source(s): you Category: Definitions We collect: definitions that are submitted, but not published, on Urban Dictionary Purpose: to provide our services How long we keep the information: as long as is necessary for our security and compliance purposes How we disclose the information:: to our service providers Below we provide details about the categories of personal information we have collected about users who have made a purchase from our store in the last year, and the categories of personal information we have disclosed about those users for a business purpose in the last year. We collect additional information about all users of our website, users with accounts, and other individuals, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. We collect: name, email address, address, phone number, payment information Purpose: to process transactions with our store How long we keep the information: as long as is necessary to process your transaction and provide customer service for your transaction, or for our security and compliance purposes, whichever is longer Service Providers that process the information: payment processing and point-of-sale system service providers Category: commercial information We collect: purchase history, payment information Purpose: to process transactions with our store; to improve our store and our products How long we keep the information: we keep purchase history indefinitely, otherwise, we keep information for as long as is necessary for our security and compliance purposes Below we provide details about the categories of personal information we have collected about individuals who have communicated with us in the last year, and the categories of personal information we have disclosed about those individuals for a business purpose in the last year. We collect additional information in other circumstances, as detailed above. We collect: email addresses, names Purpose: for communicating with you How long we keep the information: for as long as your communications remain relevant or actionable, or as long as is otherwise necessary for security and compliance purposes Service Providers that process the information: email and hosting service providers The Urban Dictionary service is not intended for children under 16, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16. Urban Dictionary may periodically update this policy. We may notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our site. Or by mail at: Urban Dictionary LLC, Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiries, PO Box 7775, ECM #82617, San Francisco, CA 94120 Updated: July 1, 2023