Teachers Schools Resources Dojo Islands Teacher login Parent login Privacy Policy Print policyContents Print policy Contents Last updated: 2023-10-05 Introduction ClassDojo's mission is to work with teachers, school leaders, parents, and students to give every child on Earth an education they love. We're humbled that millions of people like you trust ClassDojo to do that every day. Keeping this trust through your privacy and safety is incredibly important to us. This Privacy Policy explains: This Privacy Policy also does not apply to information collected through other websites, products, or services that ClassDojo doesn't own or control, such as third-party services you might access through links or other features (e.g., social media buttons, email campaigns, push or in-app notifications, or YouTube videos) on the Service. These other services have their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to review them before providing them with personal information. Basically, Acknowledgment and ConsentBy using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy. By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services. Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms. Basically, By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy. Acknowledgment and Consent By using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy. By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services. Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms. Basically, By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy. By using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to this Privacy Policy. By visiting the ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps, or using our Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the terms, practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy (and as updated from time to time), and you hereby agree that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you should not use our Services. Your use of our Services is at all times subject to our Terms of Use (as updated from time to time (the "Terms" )), which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any capitalized terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms. By visiting our ClassDojo Platform or ClassDojo Apps or using our Services, you agree that we may collect, use and share your information as described in our Privacy Policy. ClassDojo's Privacy Certifications  ClassDojo holds the iKeepSafe FERPA Certification. Our Website, Platform, and Apps have been reviewed and approved for having policies and practices that are compliant with the federal mandates for FERPA. What is ClassDojo? School Use Out of School Use Users can utilize either the ClassDojo Apps or the ClassDojo Platform - if multiple devices are used, they will all sync with each other Parents can also message with other parents and create groups to engage with other parents in which teachers are not included ("Family Messaging"). How does ClassDojo protect children's personal information? What information does ClassDojo collect? Information You Provide To Us As a teacher, school leader, school admin, or parent, your first and last name (or last initial only if you choose) and profile photo and your child's first name and last initial may be displayed to the people with whom you are messaging, including through ClassDojo Messaging and Family Messaging. If you are a teacher or school leader, you may receive a 'read receipt' showing which parents have read your message and in what language. Additionally, parents may elect to turn on a Premium Feature that allows them to know if a teacher has read their messages and may similarly receive a 'read receipt' telling them the teacher has read the message. Please be aware that by using ClassDojo Messaging or Family Messaging, any messages, photos, videos or other content shared can be viewed by all parents, and teachers and school leaders that are part of that message. Feedback Points – School Home Points Information We Collect Automatically The technologies and information we automatically collect include: Information Received from Third Party Sources How Does Classdojo Use The Information It Collects? We do not use algorithms for profiling or to otherwise make any decision based solely on automated processing that would significantly affect you without the opportunity for human review ("Automated Decision Making"). Will ClassDojo share any information it collects? Please keep in mind that information (including personal Information or children's personal information) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others - including to other ClassDojo users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) - can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with. We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of such information or content by others. Fraud and Security Protection : We may share information to assist with security operations for scheduled penetration testing, auditing, and continuous improvement of our security practices, including without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection. Authorized parties of the information would comply with our current privacy and security policies. How Does Classdojo Protect And Secure My Information? We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the personal information designed to protect personal information from unauthorized or illegal use, destruction, disclosure, or access. In particular: How Long Does Classdojo Keep Information About Me? We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings. Non-Student Users: Additional examples of when we may need to retain personal information after your account is deleted: Student Users and Outside School Child Users: Classdojo’s Commitments To Providing Transparency And Your Rights How to Exercise Your Rights We may reject requests for access, change, or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive (more than two times per year for access rights), risk the privacy of others, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems). Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort or if more than two times a year for access rights. Access or Correct Your Personal Information How Can I Delete My Personal Information or Account? Object, Restrict, or Withdraw Consent Additional Information or Assistance And Article 27 GDPR Local Representative If you are located in the European Union or the EEA, you have a right to lodge complaints about the data processing activities carried about by ClassDojo with the supervisory authority in your country. European Data Protection Officer General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) – European Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), ClassDojo has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU. You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR: UK General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) - UK Representative Pursuant to Article 27 of the UK GDPR, ClassDojo has appointed EDPO UK Ltd as its UK GDPR representative in the UK. You can contact EDPO UK regarding matters pertaining to the UK GDPR: What Communications Will I Receive From Classdojo? If you registered on ClassDojo, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, you consent to us sending you messages and updates regarding your account and the Services, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from ClassDojo or third-parties we believe you may be interested in. We do not send communications about third-party products, features or services to students or Outside School Child Users. These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push and in-app notifications, email, and postal mail. If you have an account with us, we'll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business. We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it. We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful. If you invite another person to join you on ClassDojo or to join your conversation on Family Messaging, by providing their email address or phone number, ClassDojo may send an invitation on your behalf to the individual via the email or phone number you provided. Prior to providing ClassDojo with email addresses or phone numbers of another person, you must ensure you have obtained consent from the person. The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message. If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the "Unsubscribe" or "STOP" instructions contained in those communications. You are consenting to ClassDojo (on your behalf) sending these informational text messages. If, as a parent/legal guardian of a student, you provided an email address or phone number to your child's school, ClassDojo, at the direction of the school, may send an invitation to join ClassDojo via the email or phone number your student's teacher provided ClassDojo. The invitation (and any invitation reminders) may be sent via email or SMS/MMS text message. If, as a parent/legal guardian, you provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the school's mission. You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our 1) marketing emails or other marketing communications whenever you'd like by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email; 2) marketing SMS texts by replying or texting 'STOP'; or 3) marketing push notifications by turning off push notifications on your device. If you decide to unsubscribe, we will only contact you thereafter: (i) for the purposes allowed under applicable law; and (ii) to receive service related messages. For example, if you unsubscribe from marketing communications, it will not limit our ability to send transactional communications to you regarding products or services you have requested From time to time, we may send you useful messages about updates or new features. You can always opt-out of these messages if you'd rather we didn't contact you. Third-party Authentication Services We may allow for users to register on our Service through an Authentication Service (e.g. with Google Login). If you choose to do so, we may collect personal information that is already associated with your connected Authentication Service and you give us permission to use and store this information consistent with this Privacy Policy. You can revoke our access to your account on this Authentication Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account settings of the Authentication Service. Please note, that when using an Authentication Service for registering a student (or if a student is directly using their own authentication service), ClassDojo will not request more information from the Authentication Service than name and email address unless specifically requested or chosen to be passed by the teacher or school to ClassDojo. Third-Party Services These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service. The fact that we link to a website or other third-party content is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We are not responsible for the content, features, privacy and security practices and policies of any third-parties. We encourage you to learn about third-parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with personal information. Links to other websites and services as well as embedded video players may be found within the Service — this Privacy Policy does not apply to those. Is ClassDojo a Controller? ClassDojo will generally be the Controller when: What if I’m not in the U.S.? Our servers are located in the U.S., so if you are using the Service from any other country, your data might be transferred to the U.S. EU – U.S. DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (EU-U.S. DPF), SWISS – U.S. DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK AND UK EXTENSION TO THE EU-U.S. DPF ClassDojo is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the DPF Programs , and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf. ClassDojo complies with the DPF Principles for all onward transfers of personal information from the EU, UK and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the DPF Programs, ClassDojo is subject to the jurisdiction and regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies. In certain situations, ClassDojo may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. CANADA ClassDojo works hard to provide privacy protections consistent with applicable privacy laws in Canada. U.S. State Data Privacy Disclosures Overview Please note that recent changes to the CCPA and other state data privacy laws are set to take effect in 2023; however, the rules implementing some of these laws have not yet been finalized. We are continuously working to better comply with these laws, and we will update our processes and disclosures as these implementing rules are finalized. Transparency Your Rights and Choices We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under CCPA or any other applicable U.S. state data privacy law with a similar right. Unless permitted by the CCPA or any other applicable U.S. state data privacy law, we will not: However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA, or any other applicable U.S. state data privacy law, that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted (or other U.S. state data privacy law) financial incentive we offer will be reasonably related to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt-in consent, which you may revoke at any time. Sensitive Personal Information We Do Not Sell Your Personal Information California Privacy Disclosures In addition to the disclosures listed above in this U.S. State Data Privacy Section, please see the following California specific disclosures. Do Not Share My Personal Information Do Not Track or Opt-Out Preference Signal Third-parties that have content embedded on the Service, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user's browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited the Service from a certain IP address. Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from the Service unless you provide it to them directly. Notice for Minors (Users under 18) " Shine the Light" Law How Will Classdojo Notify Me Of Changes To This Policy? We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy as our business practices and legal requirements evolve or to further protect our users. You can see when the last update was by looking at the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page. Any updates will be effective upon posting. We won't reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. If we make any significant changes, we'll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information through the Service. If you don't agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we'll be sad to see you go!). By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to notify you of updates to our Privacy Policy as part of communications, e.g., by email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you have opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you have not provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. How Can I Contact Classdojo With Questions? If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or how we protect our community, please contact us at privacy@classdojo.com - we'd love to help. If you'd like, you may also write to us at: ClassDojo, Inc. 735 Tehama Street San Francisco, CA 94103 Attention: Chief Privacy Officer Further Privacy and Security Resources Company About us Press Careers Engineering Accessibility Big Ideas Points Training Remote Learning ClassDojo Plus Support Helpdesk Contact Cookie Settings Notice at Collection Privacy Center Community Teacher Community Facebook Twitter Instagram Wall of Love English © ClassDojo, Inc Terms of Service Product Privacy Policy Website Privacy Policy