No guarantee is given regarding quality. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. Usernames can be rejected or changed for any reason. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the past year of fees you paid as a user not exceeding $100. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. You maintain ownership of your content. You have the right to leave this service at any time. Your feedback is invited regarding changes to the terms.. They may stop providing the service at any time. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users. The service can intervene in user disputes. Your use is throttled. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service.. The terms for this service are easy to read. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. You are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses that may incur by downloading materials. This service can use your content for all their existing and future services. Your content can be licensed to users at other schools. Service fines users for Terms of Service violations. The copyright license that you grant this service is limited to the parties that make up the service's broader platform.