Teachers Schools Resources Dojo Islands Teacher login Parent login Terms of Service Print policyContents Print policy Contents Last updated: 2023-10-16 ClassDojo Terms of Service The following are the terms of service (“Terms of Service”) that define the relationship between ClassDojo, Inc. (doing business as ClassDojo (“Company,” “ClassDojo,” “we,” or “us”)) and you, and govern your use of ClassDojo’s services. We’ve done our best to write this policy in simple, clear terms. We’ve also added summaries below each section that provide short explanations of the legal language in plain English (it starts with ‘Basically...’) to aid in understanding, but it isn’t legally binding. The ClassDojo Terms Thank you for your interest in ClassDojo, which owns and operates the services offered on classdojo.com (“ClassDojo Website”), including the ClassDojo platform (“ClassDojo Platform”), and any associated mobile applications (“ClassDojo Apps”) or products and services that Company may provide now or in the future (collectively, the “Service”). Agreeing to our TermsBy registering for an account on, or otherwise accessing or using the ClassDojo Service, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you are using the Service on behalf of an institution that has a separate written agreement with ClassDojo, that agreement governs your use of the Service. If you are under the age of 18, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to the Agreement. If you don’t get your parent or guardian to read and agree to the Agreement, you don’t have permission to use the Service. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity (including if you are School Personnel entering on behalf of your school), you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to these terms and conditions, in which case the terms “you”, “your” or “User” shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with these terms and conditions, you must not accept this Agreement and may not use the Service. Basically, By using or signing up for ClassDojo, you agree to these terms. If you are under the age of 18, your legal guardian or parent will need to review and agree to the Agreement on your behalf. Welcome to the community! Agreeing to our Terms By registering for an account on, or otherwise accessing or using the ClassDojo Service, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you are using the Service on behalf of an institution that has a separate written agreement with ClassDojo, that agreement governs your use of the Service. If you are under the age of 18, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to the Agreement. If you don’t get your parent or guardian to read and agree to the Agreement, you don’t have permission to use the Service. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity (including if you are School Personnel entering on behalf of your school), you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to these terms and conditions, in which case the terms “you”, “your” or “User” shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with these terms and conditions, you must not accept this Agreement and may not use the Service. Basically, By using or signing up for ClassDojo, you agree to these terms. If you are under the age of 18, your legal guardian or parent will need to review and agree to the Agreement on your behalf. Welcome to the community! By registering for an account on, or otherwise accessing or using the ClassDojo Service, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you are using the Service on behalf of an institution that has a separate written agreement with ClassDojo, that agreement governs your use of the Service. If you are under the age of 18, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to the Agreement. If you don’t get your parent or guardian to read and agree to the Agreement, you don’t have permission to use the Service. If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity (including if you are School Personnel entering on behalf of your school), you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity to these terms and conditions, in which case the terms “you”, “your” or “User” shall refer to such entity. If you do not have such authority, or if you do not agree with these terms and conditions, you must not accept this Agreement and may not use the Service. Basically, By using or signing up for ClassDojo, you agree to these terms. If you are under the age of 18, your legal guardian or parent will need to review and agree to the Agreement on your behalf. Welcome to the community! Registration and SecurityAs a condition to using Service, you may be required to register with Company and select a password and username or provide additional contact information ("Company User ID"). Alternatively, (1) an Institution or School Personnel or (2) a parent, may create accounts and logins for students or their child (“Student Login(s)”). When you register or create a Student Login, you must provide Company with accurate, complete, and updated Company User ID and Student Login information. You may not select or use as a Company User ID or Student Login, a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person. You will not provide any false information or create an account for anyone other than yourself without permission. ClassDojo reserves the right to refuse registration or to cancel a ClassDojo ID or Student Login in its discretion. You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login credentials, ClassDojo ID, Student Login, password or QR code (“Account Credentials”) and will not share with anyone or let anyone else access your Account Credentials or account. You may not transfer your Account Credentials or account to anyone without express prior written consent of Company. Company will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account Credentials, either with or without your knowledge or for a failure to comply with this Section. However, you may be held liable for losses incurred by ClassDojo or another party due to someone else using your Account Credentials. You expressly agree to (a) immediately notify ClassDojo of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of your Account Credentials, account or a child's personal information, and (b) ensure that you properly logout from your account at the end of each session. You represent, warrant and covenant that (1) all Account Credential information you submit is truthful and accurate, and (2) if you are setting up a Student Login that you have obtained any and all necessary rights, permissions, or consents to access, setup, monitor, use or disclose any data from such accounts of other Users.. Basically, You should keep your QR code, username, password and any other login credentials secret! Registration and Security As a condition to using Service, you may be required to register with Company and select a password and username or provide additional contact information ("Company User ID"). Alternatively, (1) an Institution or School Personnel or (2) a parent, may create accounts and logins for students or their child (“Student Login(s)”). When you register or create a Student Login, you must provide Company with accurate, complete, and updated Company User ID and Student Login information. You may not select or use as a Company User ID or Student Login, a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person. You will not provide any false information or create an account for anyone other than yourself without permission. ClassDojo reserves the right to refuse registration or to cancel a ClassDojo ID or Student Login in its discretion. You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login credentials, ClassDojo ID, Student Login, password or QR code (“Account Credentials”) and will not share with anyone or let anyone else access your Account Credentials or account. You may not transfer your Account Credentials or account to anyone without express prior written consent of Company. Company will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account Credentials, either with or without your knowledge or for a failure to comply with this Section. However, you may be held liable for losses incurred by ClassDojo or another party due to someone else using your Account Credentials. You expressly agree to (a) immediately notify ClassDojo of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of your Account Credentials, account or a child's personal information, and (b) ensure that you properly logout from your account at the end of each session. You represent, warrant and covenant that (1) all Account Credential information you submit is truthful and accurate, and (2) if you are setting up a Student Login that you have obtained any and all necessary rights, permissions, or consents to access, setup, monitor, use or disclose any data from such accounts of other Users.. Basically, You should keep your QR code, username, password and any other login credentials secret! As a condition to using Service, you may be required to register with Company and select a password and username or provide additional contact information ("Company User ID"). Alternatively, (1) an Institution or School Personnel or (2) a parent, may create accounts and logins for students or their child (“Student Login(s)”). When you register or create a Student Login, you must provide Company with accurate, complete, and updated Company User ID and Student Login information. You may not select or use as a Company User ID or Student Login, a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person. You will not provide any false information or create an account for anyone other than yourself without permission. ClassDojo reserves the right to refuse registration or to cancel a ClassDojo ID or Student Login in its discretion. You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login credentials, ClassDojo ID, Student Login, password or QR code (“Account Credentials”) and will not share with anyone or let anyone else access your Account Credentials or account. You may not transfer your Account Credentials or account to anyone without express prior written consent of Company. Company will not be liable for any direct or indirect loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your Account Credentials, either with or without your knowledge or for a failure to comply with this Section. However, you may be held liable for losses incurred by ClassDojo or another party due to someone else using your Account Credentials. You expressly agree to (a) immediately notify ClassDojo of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security of your Account Credentials, account or a child's personal information, and (b) ensure that you properly logout from your account at the end of each session. You represent, warrant and covenant that (1) all Account Credential information you submit is truthful and accurate, and (2) if you are setting up a Student Login that you have obtained any and all necessary rights, permissions, or consents to access, setup, monitor, use or disclose any data from such accounts of other Users.. You should keep your QR code, username, password and any other login credentials secret! Using the Service Permission to use ClassDojo The right to access and use the Service is revoked in jurisdictions where it may be prohibited, if any. Changes to the Service We are constantly changing and improving our Services. We may add or remove functionalities or features, and we may suspend or stop a Service altogether, including, for example, if you do not comply with this Agreement or if we are investigating suspected misconduct. You can stop using our Service at any time, although we’ll be sorry to see you go. We may also add or create new limits to our Service or restrict your access to all or a part of the Service at any time without notice or liability. Restrictions You can use ClassDojo, as long as you follow the rules in these terms. ClassDojo TechnologyThe Service and the ClassDojo Technology are intended solely for the personal, non-commercial use of our Users and may only be used in accordance with this Agreement. “ClassDojo Technology” means all past, present and future content of the Service, including, all the software, hardware and technology used to provide the Service (including ClassDojo proprietary code and third-party software), user interfaces, materials displayed or performed on the Service, such as text, graphics, articles, photographs, images, illustrations and the design, structure, sequence and “look and feel” of the Services, and all other intellectual property, including all ClassDojo Marks. “ClassDojo Marks” means the trademarks, service marks, logos, or any other trade name, trademarks, service marks and other distinctive or proprietary brand features of ClassDojo. ClassDojo Technology is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Using our Service does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Service or the ClassDojo Technology. You agree that, as between you and ClassDojo, all the intellectual property rights in the ClassDojo Service and ClassDojo Technology, which does not include User Content (as defined below), are owned by ClassDojo or its licensors. These terms do not grant you the right to use any ClassDojo Marks. You will not, nor will you allow any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to: Run, license, rent, lease, loan, distribute, or sell access to the ClassDojo Service or the ClassDojo Technology. Build or support (and/or assist a third-party in building or supporting) products or services in competition with ClassDojo, or access the ClassDojo Service to build a product using similar ideas, features, functions, interface or graphics of the ClassDojo Service. Use, store, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, create derivative works from, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit the ClassDojo Technology for any purposes other than as expressly permitted under this Agreement. Decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to obtain the source code of any ClassDojo Technology. Circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any User Content or ClassDojo Technology or enforce limitations on use of the ClassDojo Service or the User Content and ClassDojo Technology. Remove, obscure, or alter any copyright, logo, trademark, or other legal notices displayed in or along with our Services or any ClassDojo Premium Features or other custom products or merchandise, or otherwise use any of the ClassDojo Technology in a manner that creates the impression that the ClassDojo Technology belongs to you. Basically, Use of our Service does not give you any ownership rights to our intellectual property. We respect copyrights, trademarks and brands. Please respect ours, too! ClassDojo Technology The Service and the ClassDojo Technology are intended solely for the personal, non-commercial use of our Users and may only be used in accordance with this Agreement. “ClassDojo Technology” means all past, present and future content of the Service, including, all the software, hardware and technology used to provide the Service (including ClassDojo proprietary code and third-party software), user interfaces, materials displayed or performed on the Service, such as text, graphics, articles, photographs, images, illustrations and the design, structure, sequence and “look and feel” of the Services, and all other intellectual property, including all ClassDojo Marks. “ClassDojo Marks” means the trademarks, service marks, logos, or any other trade name, trademarks, service marks and other distinctive or proprietary brand features of ClassDojo. ClassDojo Technology is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Using our Service does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Service or the ClassDojo Technology. You agree that, as between you and ClassDojo, all the intellectual property rights in the ClassDojo Service and ClassDojo Technology, which does not include User Content (as defined below), are owned by ClassDojo or its licensors. These terms do not grant you the right to use any ClassDojo Marks. You will not, nor will you allow any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to: Run, license, rent, lease, loan, distribute, or sell access to the ClassDojo Service or the ClassDojo Technology. Build or support (and/or assist a third-party in building or supporting) products or services in competition with ClassDojo, or access the ClassDojo Service to build a product using similar ideas, features, functions, interface or graphics of the ClassDojo Service. Use, store, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, create derivative works from, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit the ClassDojo Technology for any purposes other than as expressly permitted under this Agreement. Decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to obtain the source code of any ClassDojo Technology. Circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any User Content or ClassDojo Technology or enforce limitations on use of the ClassDojo Service or the User Content and ClassDojo Technology. Remove, obscure, or alter any copyright, logo, trademark, or other legal notices displayed in or along with our Services or any ClassDojo Premium Features or other custom products or merchandise, or otherwise use any of the ClassDojo Technology in a manner that creates the impression that the ClassDojo Technology belongs to you. Basically, Use of our Service does not give you any ownership rights to our intellectual property. We respect copyrights, trademarks and brands. Please respect ours, too! The Service and the ClassDojo Technology are intended solely for the personal, non-commercial use of our Users and may only be used in accordance with this Agreement. “ClassDojo Technology” means all past, present and future content of the Service, including, all the software, hardware and technology used to provide the Service (including ClassDojo proprietary code and third-party software), user interfaces, materials displayed or performed on the Service, such as text, graphics, articles, photographs, images, illustrations and the design, structure, sequence and “look and feel” of the Services, and all other intellectual property, including all ClassDojo Marks. “ClassDojo Marks” means the trademarks, service marks, logos, or any other trade name, trademarks, service marks and other distinctive or proprietary brand features of ClassDojo. ClassDojo Technology is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. Using our Service does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Service or the ClassDojo Technology. You agree that, as between you and ClassDojo, all the intellectual property rights in the ClassDojo Service and ClassDojo Technology, which does not include User Content (as defined below), are owned by ClassDojo or its licensors. These terms do not grant you the right to use any ClassDojo Marks. You will not, nor will you allow any third party (whether or not for your benefit) to: Use of our Service does not give you any ownership rights to our intellectual property. We respect copyrights, trademarks and brands. Please respect ours, too! Your Information and Content User Content and Activities School Personnel may contribute educational content, create answers to assessments, create activities for students to complete, create derivative works (e.g. completion of assignments) and transmit this data and content to ClassDojo (collectively “Activities”). School Personnel and Users may submit feedback, comments or suggestions for improvements to the Services (in written, oral or any other form) (“Feedback”). Ownership Consistent with applicable law, as between ClassDojo and you, you (or your school as applicable) retain all ownership rights you have in any User Content. ClassDojo does not claim any ownership rights in the User Content. Please note that, while you retain ownership of your User Content, any template or layout in which you arrange or organize such User Content through tools and features made available through any of our Service are not proprietary to you — rights to such templates or layouts will remain with us or our service providers. License User Content In order to allow ClassDojo to provide the Service, you hereby grant to us a limited, non-exclusive, sublicensable (as necessary to perform the Service, including distributing Activities, and providing the Premium Features), worldwide, royalty-free, and transferable (only to a successor) right and license to: Activities By default, if School Personnel contribute Activities, such Activities will be licensed royalty-free to ClassDojo under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 License (“CC License”), which is available at https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/. Such Activities shall be available to the School Personnel's school and its Users, but ClassDojo may also sub-license such Activities to other Users of the Services at other schools. You acknowledge and agree that Activities will be licensed under the CC License unless you "opt-out" of sharing to other schools. Such Activities will continue to be licensed under the CC License until School Personnel “turns off” such sharing for that particular Activities. However, you understand and agree that if you "turn-off" sharing for Activities (i) the Activities will be available to Users within the School Personnel's school only; (ii) the change is prospective and does not terminate any sub-licenses to the underlying Activities previously granted by ClassDojo to any third parties (such as teachers from other schools and districts), and (iii) ClassDojo thereafter shall not grant any additional sub-licenses for the underlying Activities to third parties such as other schools. License Termination Your Responsibilities and ClassDojo Rights All information posted or transmitted through the Service is the responsibility of the person that posted it, and we will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content. ClassDojo cannot guarantee the identity of any other Users with whom you may interact in the course of using the Service, or the authenticity of any data which users may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that all content accessed by you using the Service is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting therefrom. You acknowledge that ClassDojo and its designees (such as teachers) reserve the right, but shall have no obligation, to pre-screen, filter, edit, remove, refuse to accept, post, display, or transmit any User Content through or on the Service in whole or in part at any time for any reason or no reason with or without notice and without liability of any kind. Additionally, we do not guarantee that we will publish any of your User Content, and reserve the right to remove User Content from the Service at any time for any reason, such as if we receive a notice reports a User Content infringes someone’s intellectual property rights. _Your Likeness _ While ClassDojo does not permit User Content containing personal information of Users under the age of 13 to be public, if you as a parent or School Personnel, upload any User Content to any area of our Service in areas that my be viewed by others (for example, in Class Story or School Story) containing your likeness or the likeness of others, you also agree to the following: You consent to the use of your likeness, and you have obtained (as necessary) the written consent, release, and/or permission of every identifiable individual who appears in your User Content to use such individual's likeness, for purposes of using and otherwise exploiting the User Content in the manner contemplated by this Agreement, or, if any such identifiable individual is under the age of eighteen (18), you have obtained any necessary written consent, release and/or permission from such individual's parent or guardian (and you agree to provide to us a copy of any such consents, releases and/or permissions upon our request). If you do submit a submission that contains the likeness of an identifiable individual under the age of eighteen (18), we strongly encourage you not to include any identifying information (such as the individual's first and last name or address) with such User Content. Privacy and Security Online Safety Additional Terms for Students and Outside School Child Users (iii) Consent: Children under the age of 13 are prohibited from using certain features of the Service without Consent, including, without limitation, Student Accounts and Outside School Child Accounts. By using a Student Account or Outside School Child Account on the Service, you promise that, if requested during your use of the Service, you provided your real age and that you are either (a) over the age of 13; or (b) if under 13 that your parent (or you with the unique student code given to you by your teacher) has set up your Student Account or Outside School Child Account and that any response sent to Company in response to Company seeking your parent's consent comes from your parent or legal guardian; or (c) your School Personnel has set up your Student Account or is otherwise allowing you to use the Service and provided School Consent. Additional Terms for School Personnel If you are a School Personnel accessing the Service on behalf of a school, school district, or other similar educational institution (the "Institution"), the following terms apply to you: (i) Permissions and Authority: You agree that you are acting on behalf of (or have received all necessary permission from) your Institution to enter into this Agreement and to register and use the Service as part of your curriculum. Only School Personnel who are current employees of the Institution may use the Service on the Institution's behalf. The School Personnel is responsible for obtaining any necessary approvals from their school's authorities and administrators before using the Service. Upon termination of a School Personnel or other staff member's employment with the Institution, such individual must return and cease using all login details and Student access he or she has in his or her possession. If at any time you learn a User of the Service claims to be affiliated with your Institution who is not, in fact, affiliated with your Institution, you will notify ClassDojo immediately at privacy@classdojo.com. If you provide or allow Students to provide Portfolio Comments, you agree that ClassDojo may provide parents with a notice that you are engaging in the use of such Portfolio Comments, including to communicate with their child prior to any posting of such Portfolio Comments to the child's Portfolio. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that once a Student Activity Response is reviewed and accepted by you to be posted on the student's portfolio, that all associated Portfolio Comments can be viewed by the child's parent. If you provide, use, or link to any any Third-Party Application Created Content, Third-Party Content or Third Party Websites (all as defined below) in a Student's Portfolio, on on a Class or School Story, you acknowledge and agree (i) to comply with Sections 14 "Third-Party Applications and Integrations" and 15 "Third Party Content and Websites"; and (2) that ClassDojo is not responsible for your choice to include any such Third-Party Application Created Content, Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites. You also represent and warrant in connection with your use of any Third-Party Applications, Third-Party Websites, or Third-Party Content, that you will only use such Third-Party Application Created Content, Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites that have been approved by your Institution. (vii) Feedback Points. You may customize any feedback points awarded to your students in your classroom ("Classroom Feedback Points") and agree that you are solely responsible for any such customization of Classroom Feedback Points. Additionally, you agree that you are solely responsible for (a) deciding how and when to award such Classroom Feedback Points to your students, (b) any notes that you may leave in connection with such Classroom Feedback Points, and (c)the decision on whether or not you share a student's individual Classroom Feedback Points with their parent or guardian. The Virtual World Terms will also apply to this use, and you agree to these terms and conditions, including on behalf of your Students. (xii) Stories and Other Communications with Parents. If you choose to use Stories, ClassDojo Messaging, or other digital communications features with parents or guardians ("Parent Communications") the following terms apply: (xiii) Activities. If you choose to submit Activities to the Service, the following conditions and limitations apply: Additional terms for Parents and Guardians (i) Creating Your Child's Student Account or Outside School Child Account: If you would like to create your child's Student Account or Outside School Child Account at home, you must first have created a Parent Account on ClassDojo. IF YOU REGISTER OR CREATE AN ACCOUNT FOR, APPROVE OR CONSENT TO THE REGISTRATION OF, OR OTHERWISE ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CHILD USER, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE SUCH CHILD USER'S LEGAL PARENT OR GUARDIAN AND YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF SUCH CHILD USER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION BEING LIABLE FOR ALL USE OF THE SERVICES BY THE CHILD USER. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child who is using the Service and your child's Student Account was not set up by your child's School Personnel, or you did not give Consent while setting up your child's Student Account or Outside School Child Account, you can email us at privacy@classdojo.com to have that child's Student Account or Outside School Account deleted. Please note that if you, as a parent, provide an email to School Personnel when the school is obtaining School Consent, we may send an email asking you to verify your child's account, but you will not receive any other emails unless you have opted in to email marketing or have separately created an account on our Service. The Virtual World Terms will also apply to this use and you agree to these terms and conditions. FERPA If the Institution has a policy of disclosing Education Records under FERPA, the Institution shall include a specification of criteria for determining who constitutes a School Official and what constitutes a legitimate educational interest in its annual notification of FERPA rights ("Annual Notification of Rights"). Additionally, the Institution represents, warrants and covenants to ClassDojo, as applicable, that the Institution has: If the Institution is relying on the Directory Information exemption, Institution represents, warrants, and covenants to ClassDojo that it shall not provide information to ClassDojo from any student or parent/legal guardian that has opted out of the disclosure of Directory Information. ClassDojo depends on the Institution to ensure that the Institution is complying with the FERPA provisions regarding the disclosure of any Education Records or Student Data that will be shared with ClassDojo. ClassDojo is not in a position to provide legal advice regarding whether the school's existing FERPA disclosures are sufficient. To the extent that School Personnel or the Institutions have questions regarding these issues, they should consult the school's own legal counsel for more information. Linked Accounts Text, SMS, and other messaging ClassDojo, on behalf of and at the direction of an Institution, may send Parent Users informational text messages or invites from your child's Institution, including, but not limited to, messages: (1) providing information related to a Parent User or their child's use of the Services; (2) supplying information that they request; or (3) responding to their inquiries regarding their account or use of ClassDojo. If you as a Parent User, provide your telephone number to your child's school, you are consenting to ClassDojo (on behalf of and at the direction of your child's school) sending informational text messages closely related to the Institution's mission. Third-Party Authentication Services Basically, If you want to login through or use third-party services with your ClassDojo account (e.g., Google Apps), we'll help you connect your account to those services so you can use them, and you are giving us permission to store and use certain information already associated with your authentication service. You can revoke our access to this account by updating your settings in your authentication service account. Third-party Applications and IntegrationsIf you use any third-party applications, such as YouTube video, including, but not limited to, third-party applications that are integrated directly with our Service through application programming interfaces ("APIs") for your convenience, ("Third-Party Applications"), you are solely responsible for your interactions with such Third-Party Applications. Additionally, if you elect to use any Third-Party Applications, you are solely responsible for the selection of and any transfer or downloading of any User Content, or any other data or content stored on the ClassDojo Service, to such Third-Party Applications, including through any ClassDojo API’s. By exporting your User Content to a Third-Party Application, you hereby authorize ClassDojo to transfer that information to that Third-Party Application. ClassDojo shall not be responsible for any disclosure, modification or deletion of your data, or the use of your data by such Third-Party Applications, including, without limitation, any User Content, resulting from any such access by Third-Party Applications. You acknowledge and agree that in connection with certain Third-Party Applications, you will be required to create accounts on other websites in your name ("User Third-Party Accounts") for such services to function. Such User Third-Party Accounts are required by the Third-Party Applications to be set up directly between you and the Third-Party Application. Use of the User Third-Party Accounts will be governed by the terms of use, agreements, policies, rules, guidelines and privacy policies of such websites ("Third-Party Application Terms"). You agree and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for compliance with such Third-Party Application Terms. If required to provide the Service, you hereby authorize and grant ClassDojo a right to use any names, passwords, API keys or other keys ("Third-Party Application Account Keys") solely as necessary to provide the Service to User. If you use any Third-Party Applications, including without limitation, to create and link or integrate any videos or other content ("Third-Party Application Created Content") to your account on ClassDojo, it is your responsibility to obtain any and all necessary rights and consents you need, including, without limitation, for any additional photos / videos / music not already part of the ClassDojo Stories or Portfolios,and as necessary to grant us the license set forth in “Your Information and Content” Section. You are also solely responsible for all Third-Party Application Created Content, and for ensuring that such Third-Party Application Created Content meets all applicable conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, those in “Your Information and Content” Section and the Community Guidelines. You further acknowledge that any Third-Party Application Created Content is subject to any other disclaimers and rights of ClassDojo with respect to such content contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited to the “Your Information and Content” Section. You represent and warrant, in connection with any use of Third-Party Applications, that you: (i) shall comply at all times with all applicable Third-Party Application Terms, including regarding the indirect or direct transfer of any User Content or other data to any third parties; (ii) shall comply with any and all process and guidelines set forth (or that may be set forth) by ClassDojo regarding Third-Party Applications; and (iii) will comply with the Community Guidelines for all content you link to or integrate with the Service through the use of any Third-Party Applications. Basically, If you use any third-party applications in conjunction with ClassDojo, you are responsible for your interactions on those applications. Also, those applications will have their own terms of use and privacy policies you must follow. Any content you share from third-party applications onto ClassDojo must still follow our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Third-party Applications and Integrations If you use any third-party applications, such as YouTube video, including, but not limited to, third-party applications that are integrated directly with our Service through application programming interfaces ("APIs") for your convenience, ("Third-Party Applications"), you are solely responsible for your interactions with such Third-Party Applications. Additionally, if you elect to use any Third-Party Applications, you are solely responsible for the selection of and any transfer or downloading of any User Content, or any other data or content stored on the ClassDojo Service, to such Third-Party Applications, including through any ClassDojo API’s. By exporting your User Content to a Third-Party Application, you hereby authorize ClassDojo to transfer that information to that Third-Party Application. ClassDojo shall not be responsible for any disclosure, modification or deletion of your data, or the use of your data by such Third-Party Applications, including, without limitation, any User Content, resulting from any such access by Third-Party Applications. You acknowledge and agree that in connection with certain Third-Party Applications, you will be required to create accounts on other websites in your name ("User Third-Party Accounts") for such services to function. Such User Third-Party Accounts are required by the Third-Party Applications to be set up directly between you and the Third-Party Application. Use of the User Third-Party Accounts will be governed by the terms of use, agreements, policies, rules, guidelines and privacy policies of such websites ("Third-Party Application Terms"). You agree and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for compliance with such Third-Party Application Terms. If required to provide the Service, you hereby authorize and grant ClassDojo a right to use any names, passwords, API keys or other keys ("Third-Party Application Account Keys") solely as necessary to provide the Service to User. If you use any Third-Party Applications, including without limitation, to create and link or integrate any videos or other content ("Third-Party Application Created Content") to your account on ClassDojo, it is your responsibility to obtain any and all necessary rights and consents you need, including, without limitation, for any additional photos / videos / music not already part of the ClassDojo Stories or Portfolios,and as necessary to grant us the license set forth in “Your Information and Content” Section. You are also solely responsible for all Third-Party Application Created Content, and for ensuring that such Third-Party Application Created Content meets all applicable conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, those in “Your Information and Content” Section and the Community Guidelines. You further acknowledge that any Third-Party Application Created Content is subject to any other disclaimers and rights of ClassDojo with respect to such content contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited to the “Your Information and Content” Section. You represent and warrant, in connection with any use of Third-Party Applications, that you: (i) shall comply at all times with all applicable Third-Party Application Terms, including regarding the indirect or direct transfer of any User Content or other data to any third parties; (ii) shall comply with any and all process and guidelines set forth (or that may be set forth) by ClassDojo regarding Third-Party Applications; and (iii) will comply with the Community Guidelines for all content you link to or integrate with the Service through the use of any Third-Party Applications. Basically, If you use any third-party applications in conjunction with ClassDojo, you are responsible for your interactions on those applications. Also, those applications will have their own terms of use and privacy policies you must follow. Any content you share from third-party applications onto ClassDojo must still follow our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. If you use any third-party applications, such as YouTube video, including, but not limited to, third-party applications that are integrated directly with our Service through application programming interfaces ("APIs") for your convenience, ("Third-Party Applications"), you are solely responsible for your interactions with such Third-Party Applications. Additionally, if you elect to use any Third-Party Applications, you are solely responsible for the selection of and any transfer or downloading of any User Content, or any other data or content stored on the ClassDojo Service, to such Third-Party Applications, including through any ClassDojo API’s. By exporting your User Content to a Third-Party Application, you hereby authorize ClassDojo to transfer that information to that Third-Party Application. ClassDojo shall not be responsible for any disclosure, modification or deletion of your data, or the use of your data by such Third-Party Applications, including, without limitation, any User Content, resulting from any such access by Third-Party Applications. You acknowledge and agree that in connection with certain Third-Party Applications, you will be required to create accounts on other websites in your name ("User Third-Party Accounts") for such services to function. Such User Third-Party Accounts are required by the Third-Party Applications to be set up directly between you and the Third-Party Application. Use of the User Third-Party Accounts will be governed by the terms of use, agreements, policies, rules, guidelines and privacy policies of such websites ("Third-Party Application Terms"). You agree and acknowledge that you are solely responsible for compliance with such Third-Party Application Terms. If required to provide the Service, you hereby authorize and grant ClassDojo a right to use any names, passwords, API keys or other keys ("Third-Party Application Account Keys") solely as necessary to provide the Service to User. If you use any Third-Party Applications, including without limitation, to create and link or integrate any videos or other content ("Third-Party Application Created Content") to your account on ClassDojo, it is your responsibility to obtain any and all necessary rights and consents you need, including, without limitation, for any additional photos / videos / music not already part of the ClassDojo Stories or Portfolios,and as necessary to grant us the license set forth in “Your Information and Content” Section. You are also solely responsible for all Third-Party Application Created Content, and for ensuring that such Third-Party Application Created Content meets all applicable conditions and restrictions set forth in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, those in “Your Information and Content” Section and the Community Guidelines. You further acknowledge that any Third-Party Application Created Content is subject to any other disclaimers and rights of ClassDojo with respect to such content contained in this Agreement, including, but not limited to the “Your Information and Content” Section. You represent and warrant, in connection with any use of Third-Party Applications, that you: (i) shall comply at all times with all applicable Third-Party Application Terms, including regarding the indirect or direct transfer of any User Content or other data to any third parties; (ii) shall comply with any and all process and guidelines set forth (or that may be set forth) by ClassDojo regarding Third-Party Applications; and (iii) will comply with the Community Guidelines for all content you link to or integrate with the Service through the use of any Third-Party Applications. Basically, If you use any third-party applications in conjunction with ClassDojo, you are responsible for your interactions on those applications. Also, those applications will have their own terms of use and privacy policies you must follow. Any content you share from third-party applications onto ClassDojo must still follow our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Third Party Content and WebsitesContent from other Users and third parties, including information about third-party products and services, is made available to you through the Service ("Third-Party Content"). Additionally, the Service may contain links to third-party websites (e.g. YouTube educational videos) that are not owned or controlled by Company, and includes features that allow you to interact and communicate with third parties ("Third-Party Websites"). The inclusion of Third-Party Content and links to Third-Party Websites on the Service does not imply our affiliation or endorsement of such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites. Because we do not control Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites, you agree that we are not responsible for any such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites, including the accuracy, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness, safety or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites (including privacy policies or opinions expressed on the Third-Party Websites and how these Third Party Websites may use User information), it is the sole responsibility of the person from which such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites originated, and ClassDojo has no obligation to monitor such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites. When you access Third-Party Websites or interact or communicate with third parties through the Service, you do so at your own risk and are solely responsible for determining whether or not such Third-Party Content and Third-Party Websites are appropriate or acceptable to you. Your interactions with Third-Party Content and Third-Party Websites, organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Service are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You understand that using the Services and interacting with Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites could subject you to third-party fees, terms and/or policies, such as a privacy policy, and you agree to pay all those fees and to follow those terms and policies. You understand that by using the Service you may be exposed to Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites that are offensive, indecent or objectionable, and that you use the Service at your own risk. Basically, We're not responsible for any third-party content posted, or third-party websites or services linked from our service, or any disputes you may have with them. Third Party Content and Websites Content from other Users and third parties, including information about third-party products and services, is made available to you through the Service ("Third-Party Content"). Additionally, the Service may contain links to third-party websites (e.g. YouTube educational videos) that are not owned or controlled by Company, and includes features that allow you to interact and communicate with third parties ("Third-Party Websites"). The inclusion of Third-Party Content and links to Third-Party Websites on the Service does not imply our affiliation or endorsement of such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites. Because we do not control Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites, you agree that we are not responsible for any such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites, including the accuracy, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness, safety or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites (including privacy policies or opinions expressed on the Third-Party Websites and how these Third Party Websites may use User information), it is the sole responsibility of the person from which such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites originated, and ClassDojo has no obligation to monitor such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites. When you access Third-Party Websites or interact or communicate with third parties through the Service, you do so at your own risk and are solely responsible for determining whether or not such Third-Party Content and Third-Party Websites are appropriate or acceptable to you. Your interactions with Third-Party Content and Third-Party Websites, organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Service are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You understand that using the Services and interacting with Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites could subject you to third-party fees, terms and/or policies, such as a privacy policy, and you agree to pay all those fees and to follow those terms and policies. You understand that by using the Service you may be exposed to Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites that are offensive, indecent or objectionable, and that you use the Service at your own risk. Basically, We're not responsible for any third-party content posted, or third-party websites or services linked from our service, or any disputes you may have with them. Content from other Users and third parties, including information about third-party products and services, is made available to you through the Service ("Third-Party Content"). Additionally, the Service may contain links to third-party websites (e.g. YouTube educational videos) that are not owned or controlled by Company, and includes features that allow you to interact and communicate with third parties ("Third-Party Websites"). The inclusion of Third-Party Content and links to Third-Party Websites on the Service does not imply our affiliation or endorsement of such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites. Because we do not control Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites, you agree that we are not responsible for any such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites, including the accuracy, integrity, quality, legality, usefulness, safety or intellectual property rights of or relating to such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites (including privacy policies or opinions expressed on the Third-Party Websites and how these Third Party Websites may use User information), it is the sole responsibility of the person from which such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites originated, and ClassDojo has no obligation to monitor such Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites. When you access Third-Party Websites or interact or communicate with third parties through the Service, you do so at your own risk and are solely responsible for determining whether or not such Third-Party Content and Third-Party Websites are appropriate or acceptable to you. Your interactions with Third-Party Content and Third-Party Websites, organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Service are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You understand that using the Services and interacting with Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites could subject you to third-party fees, terms and/or policies, such as a privacy policy, and you agree to pay all those fees and to follow those terms and policies. You understand that by using the Service you may be exposed to Third-Party Content or Third-Party Websites that are offensive, indecent or objectionable, and that you use the Service at your own risk. Basically, We're not responsible for any third-party content posted, or third-party websites or services linked from our service, or any disputes you may have with them. Premium Features Modification to Agreement General: We may modify this Agreement or Guidelines to, for example, reflect changes to the law or changes to our Services. You should look at the Agreement periodically for changes. We'll post notice of modifications to this Agreement on this page or elsewhere in the Services and/or as required by law. Changes will not apply retroactively. Changes will be effective immediately, except that for existing users, material revisions will be effective thirty (30) days after posting or notice to you of the revisions unless otherwise stated. However, changes addressing new functions for a Service or changes made for legal reasons will be effective immediately. We may require you to accept the modified Agreement or Guidelines in order to continue to use the Service. Your continued use of the Services, following notice of the changes to the Agreement or Guidelines, constitutes your acceptance of our amended terms, policies or guidelines. If you do not agree to the modified Agreement, you should discontinue your use of the Service. Basically, If these terms of use change, we will notify you, and give you a chance to opt out or discontinue use of the Service. We won't change the terms retroactively. If we materially change how PII contained in an Education Record or Student Data is used, we'll give you advance notice. If you don't like the new changes, we'll give you an opportunity to contact us and to opt out of the change. Your Representations and Warranty You agree not to post content that harms others or violates anyone’s rights. We think you’ll be reasonable and responsible, but if you’re not, we might have to remove your content. Acceptable Use and Conduct We do our best to keep ClassDojo safe, but we cannot guarantee it. We need your help to keep ClassDojo safe, which includes the following commitments by you when using our Service: Any violation of the above may be grounds for termination of your right to access or use the Service. Basically, You agree to keep ClassDojo a safe and positive place and to not to misuse ClassDojo's services. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITYWe provide our Service using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we don’t promise about our Services. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THE SERVICE (AND ANY ASSOCIATED PRODUCTS, PREMIUM FEATURES, VIRTUAL GOODS, CLASSDOJO SLIME, CLASSDOJO SHOP, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES, THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS, USER CONTENT, CLASSDOJO TECHNOLOGY OR SOFTWARE AND ANY OTHER CONTENT (“COLLECTIVELY THE “CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS”) ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY . WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, CLASSDOJO (AND ITS PARENT, SUCCESSORS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, CONTRACTORS,SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, PARTNERS AND AGENTS (TOGETHER THE “CLASSDOJO PARTIES”) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF QUALITY, ACCURACY, PERFORMANCE, AVAILABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, CLASSDOJO AND THE CLASSDOJO PARTIES MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS (1) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS, OR BE TO YOUR LIKING, (2) WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, FREE FROM ERRORS OR LOSS, OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE SERVICES ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR (3) THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED. SOME FEATURES ARE EXPERIMENTAL AND HAVE NOT BEEN TESTED IN ANY MANNER. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED FROM THE WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT THE USER'S OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THE USER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO THEIR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ACCESSING OR DOWNLOADING ANY SUCH MATERIAL. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY THE USER FROM CLASSDOJO OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CLASSDOJO OR THE CLASSDOJO PARTIES , BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, COST OF COVER, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF CLASSDOJO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO (i) THIS AGREEMENT; (ii) YOUR USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS; OR (iii) ANY INTERACTION WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS, INCLUDING OTHER USERS. EXCEPT AS NOTED IN THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION, IN NO EVENT WILL CLASSDOJO OR THE CLASSDOJO PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU IN THE AGGREGATE (FOR ALL POTENTIAL CLAIMS BY YOU) FOR ANY DAMAGES INCURRED IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF ANY FEES YOU HAVE ACTUALLY PAID TO COMPANY FOR USE OF THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM, OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100). CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF YOU RESIDE IN SUCH A JURISDICTION, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. IN SUCH CASES, CLASSDOJO’S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. Basically, ClassDojo is a free service and is provided “as-is.” We’re not liable to you for indirect, or special damages if something goes wrong. Additionally, we set a cap of our liability to you for any direct damages that you may incur as a result of using our Services to be the greater of the amount of fees you have paid to us for your use of the Service in the 12 months prior to the claim or $100 (except as set forth in the Dispute Resolution Section). WARRANTY DISCLAIMER AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY We provide our Service using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we don’t promise about our Services. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THE SERVICE (AND ANY ASSOCIATED PRODUCTS, PREMIUM FEATURES, VIRTUAL GOODS, CLASSDOJO SLIME, CLASSDOJO SHOP, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES, THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS, USER CONTENT, CLASSDOJO TECHNOLOGY OR SOFTWARE AND ANY OTHER CONTENT (“COLLECTIVELY THE “CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS”) ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY . WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, CLASSDOJO (AND ITS PARENT, SUCCESSORS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, CONTRACTORS,SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, PARTNERS AND AGENTS (TOGETHER THE “CLASSDOJO PARTIES”) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF QUALITY, ACCURACY, PERFORMANCE, AVAILABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, CLASSDOJO AND THE CLASSDOJO PARTIES MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS (1) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS, OR BE TO YOUR LIKING, (2) WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, FREE FROM ERRORS OR LOSS, OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE SERVICES ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR (3) THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED. SOME FEATURES ARE EXPERIMENTAL AND HAVE NOT BEEN TESTED IN ANY MANNER. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED FROM THE WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT THE USER'S OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THE USER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO THEIR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ACCESSING OR DOWNLOADING ANY SUCH MATERIAL. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY THE USER FROM CLASSDOJO OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CLASSDOJO OR THE CLASSDOJO PARTIES , BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, COST OF COVER, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF CLASSDOJO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO (i) THIS AGREEMENT; (ii) YOUR USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS; OR (iii) ANY INTERACTION WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS, INCLUDING OTHER USERS. EXCEPT AS NOTED IN THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION, IN NO EVENT WILL CLASSDOJO OR THE CLASSDOJO PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU IN THE AGGREGATE (FOR ALL POTENTIAL CLAIMS BY YOU) FOR ANY DAMAGES INCURRED IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF ANY FEES YOU HAVE ACTUALLY PAID TO COMPANY FOR USE OF THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM, OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100). CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF YOU RESIDE IN SUCH A JURISDICTION, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. IN SUCH CASES, CLASSDOJO’S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. Basically, ClassDojo is a free service and is provided “as-is.” We’re not liable to you for indirect, or special damages if something goes wrong. Additionally, we set a cap of our liability to you for any direct damages that you may incur as a result of using our Services to be the greater of the amount of fees you have paid to us for your use of the Service in the 12 months prior to the claim or $100 (except as set forth in the Dispute Resolution Section). We provide our Service using a commercially reasonable level of skill and care and we hope that you will enjoy using them. But there are certain things that we don’t promise about our Services. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THE SERVICE (AND ANY ASSOCIATED PRODUCTS, PREMIUM FEATURES, VIRTUAL GOODS, CLASSDOJO SLIME, CLASSDOJO SHOP, THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES, THIRD-PARTY APPLICATIONS, USER CONTENT, CLASSDOJO TECHNOLOGY OR SOFTWARE AND ANY OTHER CONTENT (“COLLECTIVELY THE “CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS”) ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY . WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, CLASSDOJO (AND ITS PARENT, SUCCESSORS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, CONTRACTORS,SERVICE PROVIDERS, EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SUPPLIERS, LICENSORS, PARTNERS AND AGENTS (TOGETHER THE “CLASSDOJO PARTIES”) EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, REGARDING THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF QUALITY, ACCURACY, PERFORMANCE, AVAILABILITY, MERCHANTABILITY, QUIET ENJOYMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, CLASSDOJO AND THE CLASSDOJO PARTIES MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY THAT THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS (1) WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR EXPECTATIONS, OR BE TO YOUR LIKING, (2) WILL BE TIMELY, SECURE, ACCURATE, FREE FROM ERRORS OR LOSS, OR UNINTERRUPTED, OR THAT THE SERVICES ARE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR (3) THAT ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS WILL BE CORRECTED. SOME FEATURES ARE EXPERIMENTAL AND HAVE NOT BEEN TESTED IN ANY MANNER. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED FROM THE WEBSITE OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS DONE AT THE USER'S OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THE USER WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO THEIR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM ACCESSING OR DOWNLOADING ANY SUCH MATERIAL. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY THE USER FROM CLASSDOJO OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, SHALL CLASSDOJO OR THE CLASSDOJO PARTIES , BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, COST OF COVER, GOODWILL, USE, DATA, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF CLASSDOJO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), ARISING FROM OR RELATING TO (i) THIS AGREEMENT; (ii) YOUR USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS; OR (iii) ANY INTERACTION WITH ANY THIRD-PARTY THROUGH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS, INCLUDING OTHER USERS. EXCEPT AS NOTED IN THE DISPUTE RESOLUTION SECTION, IN NO EVENT WILL CLASSDOJO OR THE CLASSDOJO PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU IN THE AGGREGATE (FOR ALL POTENTIAL CLAIMS BY YOU) FOR ANY DAMAGES INCURRED IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF ANY FEES YOU HAVE ACTUALLY PAID TO COMPANY FOR USE OF THE CLASSDOJO OFFERINGS IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENTS GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM, OR ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100). CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF YOU RESIDE IN SUCH A JURISDICTION, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. IN SUCH CASES, CLASSDOJO’S LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. Basically, ClassDojo is a free service and is provided “as-is.” We’re not liable to you for indirect, or special damages if something goes wrong. Additionally, we set a cap of our liability to you for any direct damages that you may incur as a result of using our Services to be the greater of the amount of fees you have paid to us for your use of the Service in the 12 months prior to the claim or $100 (except as set forth in the Dispute Resolution Section). IndemnityYou agree, to the extent permissible by your state’s laws, to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Company and the ClassDojo Parties from and against all damages, losses, demands, liabilities, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses of any kind (including reasonable attorneys' fees) from any claim or demand made by any third-party relating to or arising out of (i) your access to, use, or misuse of the Service or Premium Features, (ii) your breach of alleged breach of this Agreement, (iii) your failure to comply with applicable Laws (including any failure to obtain or provide any necessary consent), (iv) the infringement by you or any third-party using your account of any intellectual property, privacy, or other right of any person or entity, including in connection with your User Content, or (v) your breach or alleged breach of any interaction, agreement, or policy between you and any other Users. ClassDojo reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of ClassDojo. ClassDojo will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it. Basically, If someone brings a claim against us related to your content or use of the Service, violation of another’s rights, or a breach of this Agreement, you promise to pay for the cost of legal expenses and any loss or damages we incur. Indemnity You agree, to the extent permissible by your state’s laws, to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Company and the ClassDojo Parties from and against all damages, losses, demands, liabilities, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses of any kind (including reasonable attorneys' fees) from any claim or demand made by any third-party relating to or arising out of (i) your access to, use, or misuse of the Service or Premium Features, (ii) your breach of alleged breach of this Agreement, (iii) your failure to comply with applicable Laws (including any failure to obtain or provide any necessary consent), (iv) the infringement by you or any third-party using your account of any intellectual property, privacy, or other right of any person or entity, including in connection with your User Content, or (v) your breach or alleged breach of any interaction, agreement, or policy between you and any other Users. ClassDojo reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of ClassDojo. ClassDojo will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it. Basically, If someone brings a claim against us related to your content or use of the Service, violation of another’s rights, or a breach of this Agreement, you promise to pay for the cost of legal expenses and any loss or damages we incur. You agree, to the extent permissible by your state’s laws, to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Company and the ClassDojo Parties from and against all damages, losses, demands, liabilities, judgments, settlements, costs and expenses of any kind (including reasonable attorneys' fees) from any claim or demand made by any third-party relating to or arising out of (i) your access to, use, or misuse of the Service or Premium Features, (ii) your breach of alleged breach of this Agreement, (iii) your failure to comply with applicable Laws (including any failure to obtain or provide any necessary consent), (iv) the infringement by you or any third-party using your account of any intellectual property, privacy, or other right of any person or entity, including in connection with your User Content, or (v) your breach or alleged breach of any interaction, agreement, or policy between you and any other Users. ClassDojo reserves the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of ClassDojo. ClassDojo will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it. If someone brings a claim against us related to your content or use of the Service, violation of another’s rights, or a breach of this Agreement, you promise to pay for the cost of legal expenses and any loss or damages we incur. User Interactions and ReleaseUser Disputes. ClassDojo is not responsible for the actions, content, information or data of other third parties, including other Users. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Services, and any other parties with whom you interact through the Service. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline interaction with any other person. We reserves the right, but have no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes. Release. If you have a dispute with one or more Users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, successors, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes, including damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, privacy or data. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code §1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." And, if you are not a California resident, you waive any applicable state statutes of a similar effect. Basically, There are many people who use ClassDojo. Although we expect every user to follow our guidelines, we are not responsible for their actions. We’ll enforce our acceptable use and other guidelines, but we won’t get involved in, nor are we responsible for any disputes you may have with other users of ClassDojo. User Interactions and Release User Disputes. ClassDojo is not responsible for the actions, content, information or data of other third parties, including other Users. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Services, and any other parties with whom you interact through the Service. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline interaction with any other person. We reserves the right, but have no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes. Release. If you have a dispute with one or more Users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, successors, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes, including damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, privacy or data. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code §1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." And, if you are not a California resident, you waive any applicable state statutes of a similar effect. Basically, There are many people who use ClassDojo. Although we expect every user to follow our guidelines, we are not responsible for their actions. We’ll enforce our acceptable use and other guidelines, but we won’t get involved in, nor are we responsible for any disputes you may have with other users of ClassDojo. User Disputes. ClassDojo is not responsible for the actions, content, information or data of other third parties, including other Users. You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the Services, and any other parties with whom you interact through the Service. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline interaction with any other person. We reserves the right, but have no obligation, to become involved in any way with these disputes. Release. If you have a dispute with one or more Users, you release us (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, successors, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes, including damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, privacy or data. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code §1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him or her must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." And, if you are not a California resident, you waive any applicable state statutes of a similar effect. Basically, There are many people who use ClassDojo. Although we expect every user to follow our guidelines, we are not responsible for their actions. We’ll enforce our acceptable use and other guidelines, but we won’t get involved in, nor are we responsible for any disputes you may have with other users of ClassDojo. Copyright Protection ClassDojo’s policies prohibit you from providing User Content that infringes trademarks. If you provide User Content that infringes trademarks, your User Content can be blocked or removed. If you are a trademark owner that believes your trademark is being infringed, please note that we are not in a position to mediate disputes between users and the holders of trademark rights. However, we will look into and try to resolve any allegations of trademark infringement by following the similar process as our DMCA Notification Guidelines for trademarks. Term and Termination This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Service unless your account is terminated as provided in this Agreement ("Term"). All provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, should survive termination, shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. Termination by ClassDojo: For non-school based accounts (including parents not connected to a school or Outside School Child Users):ClassDojo may suspend or terminate your access to the Service or your account at any time, for any reason (without cause or for your violation of any term of this Agreement), and without warning or notice, which may result in the loss of information associated with your account. Upon termination of your account, your right to use the Service will immediately cease. You agree that any termination of your access to the Services or any account you may have, or portion thereof, may be affected without prior notice, and you agree that ClassDojo shall bear no responsibility or liability to you or any third party for any damages or claims resulting from or in connection with such actions, including the loss of information associated with your account. Termination by ClassDojo of School Personnel, Institutions, Parent Users Connected to Schools or Students: You acknowledge that, if you knowingly, intentionally or negligently violate this Agreement, ClassDojo may suspend your license to the Services, in whole or in part, until the violation has stopped or terminate your license and use of the Services. In the event that you fail to correct the violation after reasonable notice from ClassDojo, ClassDojo may terminate your license and use of the Services and this Agreement. You agree and if such termination or suspension occurs, ClassDojo shall bear no responsibility or liability for any damages or claims resulting from or in connection with such actions, including the loss of information associated with your account. Basically, There is no obligation to use our Service, and you can stop using your account, or delete it completely, at any time. We can do that for you, too. However, if you are a Student (or parent of a Student) – you (or you parent) must first contact your school if you wish to terminate your Student Account and your school can tell you what the process will be. Additionally, we might suspend or terminate your account if you violate our rules or the law. If you are using the Service not in connection with a school, we may suspend or terminate your account at any time for any reason. Dispute Resolution Basically, It is our goal to quickly and efficiently resolve disputes that may arise. For that reason, we require disputes to be submitted to arbitration. If you bring a dispute in arbitration that is $10,000 or less, ClassDojo will pay all the filing fees and make arrangements for telephonic or video-based proceedings (if you prefer). Additionally, we each waive rights to bring class actions. Experimental FeaturesWe may provide experimental features for you to try. These experimental features are not guaranteed to work the first time or any time. These features may abruptly and unexpectedly cease functioning, or disappear altogether. Other features of ClassDojo are not regularly tested for compatibility with experimental features. To enable an experimental feature, turn the switch on within a teacher account’s Settings. Experimental features will be added and old ones removed, possibly (probably) without notice. Basically, ClassDojo sometimes offers experimental features which haven't been tested. These may be removed without notice. Experimental Features We may provide experimental features for you to try. These experimental features are not guaranteed to work the first time or any time. These features may abruptly and unexpectedly cease functioning, or disappear altogether. Other features of ClassDojo are not regularly tested for compatibility with experimental features. To enable an experimental feature, turn the switch on within a teacher account’s Settings. Experimental features will be added and old ones removed, possibly (probably) without notice. Basically, ClassDojo sometimes offers experimental features which haven't been tested. These may be removed without notice. We may provide experimental features for you to try. These experimental features are not guaranteed to work the first time or any time. These features may abruptly and unexpectedly cease functioning, or disappear altogether. Other features of ClassDojo are not regularly tested for compatibility with experimental features. To enable an experimental feature, turn the switch on within a teacher account’s Settings. Experimental features will be added and old ones removed, possibly (probably) without notice. ClassDojo sometimes offers experimental features which haven't been tested. These may be removed without notice. Third Party NoticesApple Notice. If User is using the ClassDojo App on an iOS device, User also acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Section. This Agreement is between User and ClassDojo only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Services and the content of the Services. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to provide any maintenance and support service with respect to the Services. If the Services fail to meet the applicable warranty, User may notify Apple and Apple will refund any applicable purchase price for the ClassDojo App to User. Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Services. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by User or any third party relating to the Services or User’s use of the Services, including: (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Services fail to meet any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third-party claim that the Services or User’s use of the ClassDojo App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights. User agrees to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Services. Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of the ClassDojo Agreement, and when User accepts the ClassDojo Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the ClassDojo Agreement against User as a third-party beneficiary. User hereby represents and warrants that (i) User is not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) User is not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. Google Notice: THIS SERVICE MAY CONTAIN TRANSLATIONS POWERED BY GOOGLE. GOOGLE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES RELATED TO THE TRANSLATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Third Party Notices Apple Notice. If User is using the ClassDojo App on an iOS device, User also acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Section. This Agreement is between User and ClassDojo only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Services and the content of the Services. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to provide any maintenance and support service with respect to the Services. If the Services fail to meet the applicable warranty, User may notify Apple and Apple will refund any applicable purchase price for the ClassDojo App to User. Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Services. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by User or any third party relating to the Services or User’s use of the Services, including: (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Services fail to meet any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third-party claim that the Services or User’s use of the ClassDojo App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights. User agrees to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Services. Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of the ClassDojo Agreement, and when User accepts the ClassDojo Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the ClassDojo Agreement against User as a third-party beneficiary. User hereby represents and warrants that (i) User is not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) User is not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. Google Notice: THIS SERVICE MAY CONTAIN TRANSLATIONS POWERED BY GOOGLE. GOOGLE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES RELATED TO THE TRANSLATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Apple Notice. If User is using the ClassDojo App on an iOS device, User also acknowledges and agrees to the terms of this Section. This Agreement is between User and ClassDojo only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Services and the content of the Services. Apple has no obligation whatsoever to provide any maintenance and support service with respect to the Services. If the Services fail to meet the applicable warranty, User may notify Apple and Apple will refund any applicable purchase price for the ClassDojo App to User. Apple has no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Services. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by User or any third party relating to the Services or User’s use of the Services, including: (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Services fail to meet any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any third-party claim that the Services or User’s use of the ClassDojo App infringe that third party’s intellectual property rights. User agrees to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Services. Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of the ClassDojo Agreement, and when User accepts the ClassDojo Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce the ClassDojo Agreement against User as a third-party beneficiary. User hereby represents and warrants that (i) User is not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (ii) User is not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties. Google Notice: THIS SERVICE MAY CONTAIN TRANSLATIONS POWERED BY GOOGLE. GOOGLE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES RELATED TO THE TRANSLATIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Notice to California ResidentsIf User is a California resident, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, User may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by phone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve complaints. Notice to California Residents If User is a California resident, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, User may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by phone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve complaints. Service Provider under the CCPAClassDojo shall be considered a “service provider” to Institutions located in California as that term is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the “CCPA”) and as such agrees to comply with all applicable provisions of the CCPA that apply to service providers. ClassDojo will notify the Institution if it can no longer meet these obligations under the CCPA. The business purpose (as defined by the CCPA) for which ClassDojo is processing personal information of the Institutions’ Users shall be set forth in the Student DPA and such Institution is disclosing this personal information only for this limited and specified business purpose. In addition to those restrictions set forth in the Student DPA, ClassDojo agrees not to (i) sell or share (as those terms are defined under the CCPA) personal information of the Institution’s Users collected by ClassDojo (ii) retain, use, or disclose the personal information of the Institution’s Users collected by ClassDojo for any purpose other than the business purpose (as defined under the CCPA) set forth in the Student DPA or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA; (iii) retain, use, or disclose the personal information of the Institution’s Users collected by ClassDojo for any commercial purpose other than the business purpose (as defined under the CCPA) set forth in the Student DPA or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA; (iv) retain, use, or disclose the personal information of the Institution’s Users collected by ClassDojo outside the direct business relationship between ClassDojo and the Institution, unless expressly permitted by the CCPA. Service Provider under the CCPA ClassDojo shall be considered a “service provider” to Institutions located in California as that term is defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act and its implementing regulations (collectively the “CCPA”) and as such agrees to comply with all applicable provisions of the CCPA that apply to service providers. ClassDojo will notify the Institution if it can no longer meet these obligations under the CCPA. The business purpose (as defined by the CCPA) for which ClassDojo is processing personal information of the Institutions’ Users shall be set forth in the Student DPA and such Institution is disclosing this personal information only for this limited and specified business purpose. In addition to those restrictions set forth in the Student DPA, ClassDojo agrees not to (i) sell or share (as those terms are defined under the CCPA) personal information of the Institution’s Users collected by ClassDojo (ii) retain, use, or disclose the personal information of the Institution’s Users collected by ClassDojo for any purpose other than the business purpose (as defined under the CCPA) set forth in the Student DPA or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA; (iii) retain, use, or disclose the personal information of the Institution’s Users collected by ClassDojo for any commercial purpose other than the business purpose (as defined under the CCPA) set forth in the Student DPA or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA; (iv) retain, use, or disclose the personal information of the Institution’s Users collected by ClassDojo outside the direct business relationship between ClassDojo and the Institution, unless expressly permitted by the CCPA. Miscellaneous Basically, Please abide by these terms - we will! Contact Information Company About us Press Careers Engineering Accessibility Big Ideas Points Training Remote Learning ClassDojo Plus Support Helpdesk Contact Cookie Settings Notice at Collection Privacy Center Community Teacher Community Facebook Twitter Instagram Wall of Love English © ClassDojo, Inc Product Privacy Policy Website Privacy Policy