 Free standard shipping on orders over $29.00. VIP Campaign Logi Member ID Prime Day Dads & Grads Spring promo Valentine's day promo Holiday campaign BTS Ukraine promo Carbon Neutral Free Shipping Workspace Config Express Delivery Free standard shipping on orders over $29.00. United States Close Master Series Ergo Series Combos Desk Accessories All Mice Explore All iPad Keyboard Cases All Keyboards Webcams Headsets & Earbuds Bluetooth® Speakers PC Speakers Lighting Digital Pens Portable Mice & Keyboards Presentation Remotes Conference Room Cameras Business Mice & Keyboards Business Headsets Business Webcams Docking Stations Accessories Shop All Mobile + Tablet Notebook + Desktop Room Systems For Students For Educators For Classrooms Education Resources Gaming Mice Gaming Keyboards Gaming Headsets & Audio Gaming Mouse Pads Driving Wheels Microphones Explore all See Special Offers Special Offers Planet People Take Action Recycle Reporting About Logitech Design Awards Social Impact Blog Ergo Setups Wellbeing Tips Ergo Lab Healthy Computing MX Master Series MX Setups MX for Mac MX Software For Creatives & Coders Designed with sustainability in mind. See our pledge See our sustainability pledge Meeting Rooms Work Desks Conference Cameras Mice & Keyboards Headsets Select Service Plan Sync Management Tune App Desk Booking Extended Warranty Microsoft Teams Google Zoom Alliance Partners Channel Partners Insights Customer Stories Research & Reviews Product Info Room Configurator Find a Reseller View Resource Center Individual Support Home Register a Product Downloads Orders/Returns/Refunds Contact Support Business Support Home Video Collaboration Support Education Support Spare Parts Contact Business Support Logi Tune Logitech Options Logi Options+ Logitech Flow Logitech Capture Spotlight for Presentation Remote Spotlight for Mouse Logitech Sync Device Management G HUB See all Software Software SUBMIT YOUR PRIVACY & SECURITY Your privacy is important to Logitech, so we have created this policy to explain how we process your personal information. This Statement of Privacy and Security outlines what types of data we collect, how we use it, and how we protect personal information collected by our products, services, applications (apps), software and other devices. Logitech is a group of companies working under their parent company; Logitech Europe S.A. The Logitech company that controls your personal data will vary depending on your relationship with us (whether it be as a customer, partner, contractor or any other relevant relationship). INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect data in a variety of ways to improve our products and services: Information you provide to us This includes information you provide when you register and set up new products, download software, post on online platforms like forums or communities, respond to a survey, or enter a contest. Information from the use of products and services When you use products and services, data may be sent to us such as your hardware model, firmware and operating system version, unique device identifiers and IP address/location information. Other times, subject to applicable law and your consent where it is required, we may collect data based on your activities including your settings and configurations, usage data, and crash or error data. We may also collect and otherwise process business contact information that you provide to us, or that we collect from your organization, such as our business partners and suppliers when we are doing business and in the context of performing an agreement. Where notice or consent is required for such processing, the organization will notify and obtain such consent from its respective personnel and authorized users. We collect data in a variety of ways to improve our products and services: We may also collect and otherwise process business contact information that you provide to us, or that we collect from your organization, such as our business partners and suppliers when we are doing business and in the context of performing an agreement. Where notice or consent is required for such processing, the organization will notify and obtain such consent from its respective personnel and authorized users. The data we receive depends on the products, features and services you use, events in which you may participate, business engagements and other interactions you may have with us. This data can include the following: When you sign up to become a Logitech product or service tester, we may collect information about you. We use this data to invite you to become a tester, and we use your feedback to develop and improve our products and services. Examples of the information we collect includes: Unless otherwise communicated to you when you sign up for our testing program, we process this data for the purpose of entering into or performing the contract between you and Logitech. HOW WE USE INFORMATION We use the data we collect: to operate our business and provide, improve, and personalize our products and services, and to send communications, including promotions, account information, security updates, and product information. We may analyze this data, including your personal information, to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience. We will always do so subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required. We use the data we collect: We may analyze this data, including your personal information, to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience. We will always do so subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required. We use data to provide and improve our products and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features, and provide customer support. Example uses include: SHARING AND DISCLOSING INFORMATION We do not sell your personal data. We may share your personal data with your consent or to complete a transaction or provide a product or service you requested or authorized. We also share personal data among our controlled affiliates and subsidiaries for the purposes described in this policy and when required by law. We do not sell your personal data. We may share your personal data with your consent or to complete a transaction or provide a product or service you requested or authorized. We also share personal data among our controlled affiliates and subsidiaries for the purposes described in this policy and when required by law. We may share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. These companies must abide by our data protection and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data to another company if we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business. This may include any organization involved in a merger, transfer, or sale of our assets or business. If you post information in public areas in our products and services, like communities, forums, or blogs, it will be available to the public and we may reuse and republish it at our discretion and in line with our Terms of Use. Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to: We are not responsible for information provided by you to third parties, and that information is not subject to this policy. You assume all privacy, security, and other risks with providing information, including personal information, to third parties. To understand the privacy protections from third parties, you should refer to their privacy policies, if any. You can direct us to update, delete, or deactivate certain information pertaining to you. You can also request that we remove your personal information from the blog, community forums, or other public areas within our control. If we cannot remove certain personal information, we will let you know why. If you are not satisfied with our response, you can refer your privacy complaint or dispute to the state or national data protection authority in your jurisdiction. CHILDREN We do not knowingly collect or maintain information about persons under 13 years of age. If we learn that information about persons under 13 years of age has been collected on or through Logitech sites, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has registered for an account or service on our sites, please contact us using the contact information below to have that child’s account or service terminated and personal information deleted. We do not knowingly collect or maintain information about persons under 13 years of age. If we learn that information about persons under 13 years of age has been collected on or through Logitech sites, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has registered for an account or service on our sites, please contact us using the contact information below to have that child’s account or service terminated and personal information deleted. DATA SECURITY We are committed to the protection of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures, including TLS encryption, to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We are committed to the protection of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures, including TLS encryption, to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. HOW WE STORE AND PROCESS INFORMATION We will retain your personal data for as long as: you use our products or services; your account is active; needed to provide you services; we are legally required to; to resolve disputes; and to enforce our agreements. Personal data that is no longer required to be retained will be deleted at regular intervals. Personal information collected by us may be stored and processed in the United States or in any other country we or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. We take steps to ensure that the data we collect is processed as described in this statement and according to the law wherever the data is located. We will retain your personal data for as long as: Personal data that is no longer required to be retained will be deleted at regular intervals. Personal information collected by us may be stored and processed in the United States or in any other country we or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. We take steps to ensure that the data we collect is processed as described in this statement and according to the law wherever the data is located. Logitech collects and uses various types of personal information when you use its products and services, which are described within the Logitech Product and Web Privacy Policies. Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes: If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal information has been collected about you, how we use, share and disclose it, and to access that information. You also have the right to request that we delete your personal information, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow us to retain and use certain personal information. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different service level for exercising your privacy rights. However, we may offer certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, discounts or quality levels. Any incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information and will only be collected or processed with your consent. Separate from the CCPA, California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to you unless you request it. Creativity and Productivity Products Logitech Creativity & Productivity include hardware like mice, keyboards, touchpads, presenters, webcams, and headsets, and related software and services like Logitech Options and Options+ (Logitech Options), Logitech Capture, Logitech Presentation, Setpoint, and Logitech Control Center. We use data we collect relating to these products and services for a variety of purposes described above, including security, stability and product performance. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech Creativity & Productivity include hardware like mice, keyboards, touchpads, presenters, webcams, and headsets, and related software and services like Logitech Options and Options+ (Logitech Options), Logitech Capture, Logitech Presentation, Setpoint, and Logitech Control Center. We use data we collect relating to these products and services for a variety of purposes described above, including security, stability and product performance. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech Options allows you to customize your mice, keyboards, and touchpads on your computer. Logitech Capture software allows you to record video and audio on your computer and change the settings of the camera. This software also offers you the ability to back up your device settings to the cloud so you can transfer those settings to other computers and set up your devices easily. Information that may be collected includes: With Logitech Options, device settings get backed up automatically. You can choose to not have your device settings backed up automatically or log out, effectively turning off the backup functionality. Our servers automatically record certain information, including the IP address, the software version, and the connected devices to check for necessary software updates and download the required device images or assets, during and after the installation of our software. With your consent, some of our software (like Logitech Options, Capture, Presentation app, Setpoint, and Logitech Control Center) collect and record information about the software, devices, and other information such as: We do not collect the data you insert while using your mice, keyboards or touchpads. A Keystroke assignment refers to when you customize your device and assign a shortcut, our apps require permission from you in order to perform the assigned shortcut. We sometimes collect data like device and application information for product features to function properly. For example, Logitech Flow is a feature in some devices that allows you to seamlessly switch between two or three computers, and transfer text, images, and files from one computer to another. To enable automatic discovery of computers during the setup process of Flow, we may collect your device identifier and IP address. Circle Cameras and Products Logitech Circle cameras are wireless cameras and software applications that can be used for a variety of purposes at home and at work. They provide users rich video and audio recordings accessible from a mobile device or computer. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech Circle cameras are wireless cameras and software applications that can be used for a variety of purposes at home and at work. They provide users rich video and audio recordings accessible from a mobile device or computer. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. To activate and register your products, you provide information to us to create an account, including your name, email address, password, credit card (if you subscribe to premium services), camera name, and camera settings. We also offer activation and registration through third party open authorization (OAuth2) services, such as Facebook, so you can share clips you’ve selected to that service. While setting up the product, the country code of operation needs to be set. Some operating systems may prompt for location data access when determining the country code of operation. When you use Circle products and services, our servers automatically receive, record, and process data necessary to provide the service as well as information from the devices you use to view or listen to the data, including: Circle products may send pseudonymous information to an analytics tool, including timestamps, transmission statistics, feature usage, performance metrics, errors, etc. We use the pseudonymous information to provide, enhance, and improve our services, features, technical support and information. Circle products have features that, if enabled, require us to collect and analyze data intelligently for them to work. For example, Smart Location automatically detects when you leave the house or come home, and Smart Alerts intelligently analyze motion to make sure you only get relevant alerts. We have implemented Circle products so that no Logitech employee, contractor, vendor, affiliate, or governmental entity can access unencrypted footage. Every Circle camera has a unique private key and digital certificate, which is used to encrypt communications in transit. The Circle servers use AES 256 Bit Dual Layer Encryption to store your footage encrypted-at-rest. Data collected is stored directly within the application, on your Device, and on servers in the U.S. or other countries where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers have facilities. We will retain collected information for as long as needed to provide the service and in accordance with the Logitech Privacy Policy. When a Circle camera is connected to the Apple HomeKit ecosystem, Apple controls the data generated and passed to HomeKit and is responsible for the privacy and handling of your audio and video content. We have no ability or mechanism to access any HomeKit audio/video data. If a Circle camera is only set up in HomeKit, the camera will still periodically check our servers for firmware update availability. This involves sending the model, firmware version, and the country code of operation to our servers. If you enable the sharing of diagnostic information with Logitech through the Apple Home App, the following data will be shared with Logitech and/or Apple, and used for troubleshooting purposes only: Logitech Gaming Products Logitech Gaming (Logitech G) products and services include hardware like gaming keyboards, headsets, speakers, and mice, and applications for gaming consoles and PCs like G HUB software. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech Gaming (Logitech G) products and services include hardware like gaming keyboards, headsets, speakers, and mice, and applications for gaming consoles and PCs like G HUB software. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. G HUB software allows you to easily configure devices and create commands and macros for games and other applications. Adding other information about your PC, operating system, games and applications and any specific settings you adjust as part of setting up your product improves your experience. We also use this data to enhance the security and stability of our products. If you opt-in to data analytics collection, when you use G HUB, our servers automatically receive and record information about the use of your product, including: When you create an account for the G HUB community, we collect information like your name, email address, country of residence, and security question responses. Accessing the G HUB community gives you access to features including: You can unsubscribe or delete your G HUB account at any time. G Cloud is a handheld gaming console on which you can play cloud gaming titles and access cloud streaming services anywhere, at any time. Logitech’s processing of your personal data is limited to the Logitech hardware and the Logitech incorporated software. We collect your unique device ID for the core functioning of your console, to ensure it works correctly. There is also certain personal data collected for the core functioning that is only processed and stored locally on your console, such as your country or region for network connectivity. If you choose to share your diagnostics and device usage data, we will receive information about your use of the console, such as your battery and charging experience, your usage of the buttons and joysticks and the audio ports. We use this information to improve our products and services. For EEA, the UK or CH; we collect your device diagnostics and device usage data on the basis of legitimate interest. We use this information to improve our products and services. You may opt out at any time from your device settings. Pro Alliance is a website platform designed to support you as a professional gaming athlete, to improve your performance and wellness. There are services that Logitech provides for you, such as customer service support and technical product information. There are also third party service providers available that you may choose to use, such as to receive wellness coaching and services. You may be required to register with that third party, consent to their terms and review their privacy policy. We will not share your personal data with these third parties nor will we receive any of the personal data you share with those third parties. Harmony and Related Products Logitech Harmony products and services include hardware like remote controls, Harmony Hub, and Pop Button and related applications for tablets and/or smart phones like the Harmony app. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech Harmony products and services include hardware like remote controls, Harmony Hub, and Pop Button and related applications for tablets and/or smart phones like the Harmony app. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. When you activate and register your Harmony products, we collect information like your name, email address, country of residence, and security question responses. This data is used to authenticate and associate you to your account and devices. You can also activate and register through third party open authorization (OAuth2) services, such as Facebook. Harmony products let you easily control and create activities or routines that combine commands from multiple devices. Adding information about your entertainment and home automation devices (like brand and model numbers), activities you choose to program (like Watch TV, Listen to Music, etc.), and any specific settings you adjust as part of setting up your product (e.g., customizing buttons) improves your experience. For example, you may actively provide your zip or postal code, your TV service provider and your preferred TV channels, shows and/or programming genres. You will know what you submit in each case, because you will manually enter the information. We store this information to prevent the loss of your custom configurations. We also use the following information to ensure that your device works and to enhance the security and stability of our products: Logitech Video Conferencing Products Logitech Video Conferencing products and services include video conferencing systems, video conferencing cameras, speakerphones, touch controllers, headsets, and webcams, as well as software like Sync, our cloud device management platform. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech Video Conferencing products and services include video conferencing systems, video conferencing cameras, speakerphones, touch controllers, headsets, and webcams, as well as software like Sync, our cloud device management platform. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech Sync enables users to remotely monitor and manage their Logitech video conferencing systems. Sync is made up of two parts, the desktop Sync app and the cloud “Sync Portal”. To use the Sync Portal, the Sync App must be installed on the meeting room computer. Once installed and authenticated with the Sync Portal, the Sync app will communicate directly with Sync Portal to enable remote management and monitoring capabilities. When you create a Logitech Sync account, we collect information like your name, email address, password, country, and organization name. We use this data to authenticate and associate you to your account and devices. Sync collects diagnostic and usage data to help maintain and improve the Sync experience. Sync collects the following information to provide management and monitoring features: Jaybird Products and Services Jaybird products include lightweight, high-quality headphones for people with active lifestyles and related applications for tablets and/or smartphones like the Jaybird app. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Jaybird products include lightweight, high-quality headphones for people with active lifestyles and related applications for tablets and/or smartphones like the Jaybird app. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. The Jaybird app allows a user to: When you register for an account, we collect information like your name, email address, personal image (avatar), current location, and password. This data is used to authenticate and associate you to your account and devices. Jaybird also offers registration through third party open authorization (OAuth2) services, such as Facebook, Google and Spotify. When you use your Jaybird product with the app, or the app by itself, our servers automatically receive and record certain information, including: To safely back up your custom configurations, our servers receive and record additional information, including: Location data for Find My Buds is stored on the mobile device and is not backed up to our servers. Users can customize their listening experience by configuring their devices using an Ultimate Ears application. These applications enable features like pairing multiple devices, tap controls, and multi-user DJ functionality. During the customization process, a user may be required to enter their name and contact information, including an email address and password. We do not collect any data about the content a user plays using Ultimate Ears products. Some Ultimate Ears products, like our Bluetooth speakers, can integrate with third-party services like Amazon Alexa. These integrations let users perform tasks like streaming music, ordering goods and services, and asking for information. To enable third party services that link with your Ultimate Ears device, you may be required to register with that third party and consent to their terms. Once the link has been made, Ultimate Ears devices can receive and pass information directly to the third party. Ultimate Ears products do not store any user command data passed from the user to the third party. Only data necessary to ensure the link between third parties and the user’s Ultimate Ears product is retained. CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT We will occasionally update this Statement. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how we will use your personal information, we will prominently post the changes before making them. We will not make any changes that are less protective of your personal information collected in the past without your consent. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information. Thank you for your interest in Logitech and our products and services. We will occasionally update this Statement. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how we will use your personal information, we will prominently post the changes before making them. We will not make any changes that are less protective of your personal information collected in the past without your consent. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information. Thank you for your interest in Logitech and our products and services. Logitech Story Careers Investors Press Contact Us Sustainability Recycling Accessibility Affiliate Program Influencer Return Policy Email Preferences Student Discount Thank you. Your subscription is successful ©2023 Logitech. All rights reserved Loading... Item Subtotal: (Not Including Tax or Shipping) (Not Including Tax or Shipping) Enter Promo Code Promo Code Apply msg flash msg flash Or Your cart is currently empty. Begin shopping now Close