See what’s new in Airflow 2.8! Astronomer Astro vs OSS Airflow Why Airflow? Customers Professional Services Astro Pricing By Use Case Airflow Upgrades Data Integration (ETL + ELT) AI + ML Operational Analytics Financial Services Technology & SaaS Retail & eCommerce By Technology Amazon Web Services Google Cloud Microsoft Azure dbt Core Migrations Move to Astro MWAA Oozie Google Cloud Composer Docs Academy Certification Webinars Blog Resources Demos About Events Registry Forum Slack About Us Our Story Press Security Work With Us Careers Partners Contact Us Privacy Last Updated: This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Definitions For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, the following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural: means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service. Account (referred to as either “the Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our” in this Agreement) refers to Astronomer, Inc, 231 W 12th Street, Suite 2E, Cincinnati, OH 45202. Company For GDPR purposes, the Company is the Data Controller. are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device, or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses. Cookies , for the purposes of the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), refers to the Company as the legal person which alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data. Data Controller means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cell phone, or a digital tablet. Device is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. Personal Data For the purposes of GDPR, Personal Data means any information relating to You, such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier, or the one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity. means the subscription software services to which the Customer is subscribed. Platform Services means any operation or set of operations which is performed upon Personal Data, whether by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction. Processing refers to the Website and/or Platform Services. Service means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used. For GDPR purposes, Service Providers are considered Data Processors. Service Provider refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service. Third-party Social Media Service refers to data collected automatically, either generated using the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). Usage Data refers to the Company website, accessible from and various other websites accessible therefrom. Website means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable. You Under GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), You are the Data Subject or the User, as you are the individual using the Service. Collecting and Using Your Personal Data Principles for Collecting Data We are committed to ensure that Personal Data is: Processed in accordance with applicable laws; Collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a way incompatible with those purposes; Adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the purposes for which it is collected and/or further processed; Accurate and kept up to date; Kept in a form which permits identification of Individuals for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data was collected or for which it is further processed; and Kept securely in compliance with applicable Law. Method of Collecting Data We may collect information about You from various sources, such as: You may provide Us with Personal Data about You by your own disclosure (e.g., You fill out a contact form on Our Website); Information you provide. . When you use the Service, we may automatically collect Personal Data, some of which may or may not involve cookies. (e.g., your IP address); Information we automatically collect From time to time, We may obtain information about You from third party sources, such as public databases and websites, resellers and distributors, joint marketing or business partners, security and fraud detection firms and social media platforms; and Information we receive from third parties. . We may use one or more third parties to serve ads on the Website and/or other websites. These third parties may automatically collect and use certain information about your online activities, either on our Website or other websites, such as your IP address, your ISP and the browser you are using. We are not responsible for cookies or web beacons in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please visit . Targeted Online Advertisements Types of Data Collected While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: Email address First name and last name Phone number Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. Usage Data may include information such as Your Device’s IP address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data. When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device. Tracking Technologies and Cookies We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include: . A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies. Cookies or Browser Cookies . Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear GIFs, pixel tags, and single-pixel GIFs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity). Web Beacons or Tracking Pixels Cookies can be “Persistent” or “Session” Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below: Use of Your Personal Data The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes: , including to monitor the usage of our Service. To provide and maintain our Service : to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user. To manage Your Account : the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service. For the performance of a contract : To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application’s push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation. To contact You about other goods, services, and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or inquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information. To provide You with news, special offers and general information : To attend and manage Your requests to Us. To manage Your requests : We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of a bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred. For business transfers : We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing, and your experience. For other purposes We may share Your personal information in the following situations: : We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service or to contact You. With Service Providers : We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company. : We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us. With Affiliates : We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services, or promotions. With business partners : when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile. With other users : We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent. With Your consent Retention of Your Personal Data The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods. Transfer of Your Personal Data Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside Your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer. The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place, including the security of Your data and other personal information. Disclosure of Your Personal Data Business Transactions If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy. Law enforcement Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g., a court or a government agency). Other legal requirements The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: Comply with a legal obligation Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public Protect against legal liability Security of Your Personal Data The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security. Other uses of Your Personal Data The Company does not sell Your Personal Data. GDPR Privacy Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under GDPR We may process Personal Data under one or more of the following conditions: : You have given Your consent for processing Personal Data for one or more specific purposes. Consent : Provision of Personal Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with You and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof. Performance of a contract : Processing Personal Data is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Company is subject. Legal obligations : Processing Personal Data is necessary to protect Your vital interests or of another natural person. Vital interests : Processing Personal Data is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Company. Public interests : Processing Personal Data is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Company. Legitimate interests In any case, the Company will, upon Your request, help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. Your Rights under the GDPR The Company undertakes to respect the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and to guarantee You can exercise Your rights. You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are within the EU, to: . The right to access, update or delete the information We have on You. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of Your Personal Data directly within Your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact Us to assist You. This also enables You to receive a copy of the Personal Data We hold about You. Request access to Your Personal Data . You have the right to have any incomplete or inaccurate information We hold about You corrected. Request correction of the Personal Data that We hold about You . This right exists where We are relying on a legitimate interest as the legal basis for Our processing and there is something about Your situation, which makes You want to object to our processing of Your Personal Data on this ground. You also have the right to object where We are processing Your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes. Object to processing of Your Personal Data . You have the right to ask Us to delete or remove Personal Data when there is no good reason for Us to continue processing it. Request erasure of Your Personal Data . We will provide to You, or to a third-party You have chosen, Your Personal Data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note that this right only applies to automated information which You initially provided consent for Us to use, or where We used the information to perform a contract with You. Request the transfer of Your Personal Data . You have the right to withdraw Your consent to using your Personal Data. If You withdraw Your consent, We may not be able to provide You with access to certain specific functionalities of the Service. Withdraw Your consent Exercising of Your GDPR Data Protection Rights You may make your data subject requests by contacting Us at . Please note that we may ask You to verify Your identity before responding to such requests. If You make a request, We will try our best to respond to You as soon as possible. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about Our collection and use of Your Personal Data. For more information, if You are in the European Economic Area (EEA), please contact Your local data protection authority in the EEA. Subprocessors A list of subprocessors can be provided upon request by emailing . Your information may be transferred outside the EU. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) California law affords residents additional rights to protect Your privacy. Requests associated with Your data should also be sent to . You have the right under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are a resident of California: The right to know about the personal information a business collects about them and how it is used and shared; The right to delete personal information collected from them (with some exceptions); The right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information; and The right to non-discrimination for exercising their CCPA rights. Links to Other Websites Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third-party link, You will be directed to that third-party’s site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update Our Privacy Policy from time-to-time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and updating the “Last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us: By email: By phone at By visiting this page on our website: Ready to Get Started? Try Astro free for 14 days and power your next big data project.