 X IT & CX leaders from BARK join us on the latest Radically Personal Podcast episode. Listen Now END NAVIGATION Transform your customer service How we help Why Gladly Drive Revenue Enhance Efficiency Decrease Costs Compare Gladly Zendesk Salesforce Genesys Gorgias Kustomer What makes us unique It starts with people Help customers help themselves Turn agents into heroes Unified in a single conversation Writing the Modern Customer Service Platform RFP Find the best platform for you, your business, and your customers. The only all-in-one customer service platform Product Tour Pricing Request a Demo Customers at the Center People Match® Payments All Channels Built-in Voice Email SMS Live Chat Social Media Personalized Self-service Powered by AI Gladly Sidekick Self-service Threads IVR Insights Liveboards Insight Builder Support Hero Experience Customer Profile Conversation Timeline Answers Task Management A-Z Directory Featured Integrations Shopify Medallia Agent Connect Klaviyo Most Popular Agyle Time Big Commerce Magento Trusted by the world’s most loved brands Featured Customers Deckers Tory Burch Breeze Ulta All Customer Success Stories Radically Personal Podcast Episodes Radically Personal and BARK Unleashing AI to Scale Customer Service Happiness Stay up-to-date with the latest Learn Blog Library Webinars Free CX Tools Customer Experience Connect Events Gladly Connect Live Grow Learning Community Help Docs Mentorship CX Hero Resources Driving Customer Loyalty With the Metrics That Matter Learn how to measure and optimize key CX metrics for long-term loyalty. Start Flex Content Privacy Policy Our Privacy Policy was updated on September 12, 2023. Gladly Software, Inc. its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively ) knows you care about how your Personal Information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By using or accessing Gladly’s Website or by using any of Gladly’s materials or services (the “Gladly Solution”) in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we may collect, use, and share your information in the following ways. Changes to this Privacy Policy Gladly may make changes to this Privacy Policy. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will govern Gladly’s use of information about you and will be located at . If Gladly makes material changes to this Privacy Policy, Gladly will notify you by posting a notice on our website and may send an email to the address Gladly has on file for your account, if applicable. This Privacy Policy explains: The type of information we collect How Gladly collects your information, including tracking and cookies How Gladly uses your personal information How you can correct or update the information Gladly has Rights to object or restrict processing of Personal Information Who we may share information with How we handle Do Not Track requests Linked sites and services Data security Retention of your information Notice of privacy rights to California residents Notice of privacy rights to residents of the European Union Area and the United Kingdom How to contact us Gladly may collect information that you provide to Gladly in connection with your use of the Gladly Solution when you: Register your account with Gladly as a user of the Gladly Solution (“”) Make changes to your user profile information Send email messages, forms, or other information to Gladly or other users using the Gladly Solution, or Install, use or otherwise interact with the Gladly Solution. This information may include your first and last name, your address, email address, telephone number, your location, and any additional information you provide to Gladly during the account registration process or via the Gladly Solution. Gladly may also collect certain technical information about your use of the Gladly Solution. This technical information may include technical information about your device(s), browser type and version, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Gladly Solution, ad data, Wi-Fi connection information, internet protocol (“”) address, and standard web log information. Additionally, when expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Gladly Solution or registering to use the Gladly Solution, we require you to provide us with personal contact information, such as your name, company name, address, phone number, and email address (“”). Although we use third party service providers to process payments, when purchasing access to the Gladly Solution, we may require you to provide our payment processing service providers with financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of employees within your company that will be using the Gladly Solution (“”). We may also ask you to provide additional information, such as company annual revenues, number of employees, or industry (“”). Required Contact Information, Billing Information, and Optional Information about Customers are referred to collectively as “.” How Gladly Collects Your Information; Tracking and Cookies When you register for an account with Gladly, we may ask you to provide us with certain information in order to create your account, and to provide you with our Gladly Solution. This information is collected by us when you fill out forms that may be provided to you through the Gladly Solution. Gladly, and third parties we interact with, including our third-party service providers, may use cookies, web beacons, hashed identifiers derived from email addresses for the purposes of cross-device tracking for targeted advertising, local shared objects (sometimes called “flash cookies”), and similar technologies in connection with your use of the Gladly Solution to provide and support the Gladly Solution (collectively referred to in this policy as “Cookies”). Cookies are small data files that may have unique identifiers, and reside, among other places, on your mobile device, in emails we send to you, and on our applications. Locally shared objects or “flash cookies” are data files that can be created on your computer by the websites you visit and are a way for websites to store information for later use. Locally stored objects are different than cookies because they are stored in different parts of your computer than cookies. Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. If Cookies are used, they may be used to collect information about you and your use of the Gladly Solution, such as your browser type, preferences, data relating to content that has been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use. Cookies may also be used in order to further features and processes on the Gladly Solution, provide authentication and security for your transactions using the Gladly Solution, store your preferences, facilitate relevant advertising, and help us learn more about how users engage with the Gladly Solution. We sometimes use service providers to help us provide certain products and services or to integrate other features. These third-party providers may collect information when you view or use them, including information about you and your device or browser. They may do this using Cookies or similar technologies. These third-party providers also may use these technologies to help share information with us, like how you use their website or application. To learn more about the information they collect or receive, review their privacy policies. In particular, Gladly works with AdRoll.com, which uses hashed identifiers derived from email addresses for the purposes of cross-device tracking for targeted advertising. AdRoll.com’s privacy policy may be found at . As part of using our Gladly Solution, Gladly’s Customers may submit to Gladly electronic data or information (“”) that constitutes personal information of other individuals. Such data may include an individual’s name, email address, phone number or any other data that the Customer chooses to submit to us. Gladly generally has no direct relationship with the individuals to whom Submitted Data may pertain. Gladly processes Submitted Data on behalf of our Customers and any uses of Customer Data by Gladly are done so pursuant to our Terms of Gladly Solution or a separate agreement in place between Gladly and the applicable Customer, which governs our treatment of Submitted Data. Submitted Data How Gladly Uses Your Information Gladly may use your information to: Provide access to the Gladly Solution to communicate with you Personalize, customize, measure, and improve Gladly’s products, services, content, and advertising Prevent, detect, and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities or a breach of the applicable agreement(s) between you and Gladly Analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of the Gladly Solution Generate and review reports and data about Gladly’s user base and Gladly Solution usage patterns Compile aggregate data for internal and external business purposes Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems; and Contact you with information, including promotional, marketing, and advertising information and recommendations that Gladly believes may be of interest to you. Consistent with applicable laws, including United States CAN-SPAM laws, if you do not wish to receive commercial emails, you may unsubscribe following the instructions on any email. We may still send you administrative notices, however. We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but unfortunately, we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. In particular, you acknowledge that Gladly is not responsible for any loss of any passwords or login information which you receive for access to Gladly Gladly Solution which results from your failure to keep that information secure. Correcting and Updating Your Information Customers may update or change their account information through their account settings accessible using the Customer account page included in the Gladly Solution. Access to your Gladly account page will require your Gladly Solution username and password. To update your Information or to delete your account information, please email . You can access or change your profile and contact information or delete your account through the Gladly settings page. If you choose to delete or deactivate your account, you can no longer retrieve content or reactivate your account. You have the right to request access to any Personal Information which Gladly may have about you by contacting . The information will be provided in a machine-readable format. You may also ask that we transfer the Personal Information to a third party, which we will do if technically feasible. You also have the right to review, add and update your Personal Information. You may also request the deletion of your Personal Information where: the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed, you withdraw consent to Gladly’s possession of the information on which the processing is based and where there is no other legal ground for Gladly’s retention of the information, you object to Gladly’s possession of the information and there is no overriding legitimate basis for the retention, the personal information has been unlawfully obtained or processed, or the personal information has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in the European Union, the United Kingdom or other law to which Gladly is subject. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. Some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally. If your individual personal information has been submitted to us by a Customer as Submitted Data and you wish to exercise any rights you may have to access, correct, amend, or delete such data, please first inquire with the Customer (or his/her organization) directly. Consent to Commercial Electronic Messages If you provide us with an email address, you expressly consent to receiving Commercial Electronic Messages from Gladly about your use of the Website, the Gladly Solution and our Products. If you have any questions about Gladly’s Commercial Electronic Messages, you can contact Gladly at: Gladly Software, Inc. 423 Broadway, 503 Millbrae, CA 94030 Attention: Privacy Officer or by emailing privacy@gladly.com In addition, you may opt out of receiving Commercial Electronic Messages at any time by emailing . Rights to Object or Restrict Processing of Personal Information If Gladly has your Personal Information as a result of your relationship with one of Gladly’s customers, you should first contact that customer before contacting Gladly.You may, however, at any time revoke your consent to the collection, processing and use of your Personal Information by emailing . Upon receipt of your request, Gladly will delete your personal data provided Gladly may retain any data which is required for billing and accounting purposes or which is subject to legal retention requirements. In addition, if you discover any errors in data, you may contact us by emailing and we will correct it. You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information may be needed to take advantage of product features or may be required by your relationship with one of Gladly’s customers. Right to be informed of appropriate safeguards where Personal Information is Transferred to a Third Country or to an International Organization Gladly enters into agreements with its customers regarding the safeguards that have been put in place to protect your Personal Information for transfer outside of the United Kingdom, Switzerland or the European Economic Area. For transfers to countries without an adequacy decision by the United Kingdom, Switzerland or the European Commission, Gladly puts appropriate safeguards through contractual obligations. Who We May Share Information With Gladly may disclose the information we collect from you to the following third parties: Users of the Gladly Solution; Public Information. When you share information with us via the Gladly Solution, Gladly may share your information to other users, in accordance with the privacy settings you have chosen for your account or that are applicable to that information. To the extent you share any information to a public audience or via a publicly accessible portion of the Gladly Solution such as an online customer community or forum, that information may be available to anyone who has access to that customer community or forum. Credit Card Processing.When you make a payment to Gladly through our payment page, we may collect credit card information from you in order to properly process your payment. We do not store your credit card information on our servers and no one at Gladly can access your credit card information. All credit card information that you share with us is maintained by a third-party payment processing merchant. We use industry standard encryption techniques and methods to protect all information sent to the payment processing merchants servers. Once your information reaches the payment processing merchant it resides on their server that is protected both physical and electronically. Gladly’s solution Providers. Gladly may share your information with third-party contractors, agents, collaborators, or service providers who provide certain services to Gladly or on Gladly’s behalf, such as operating and supporting the Gladly Solution. Gladly may also request your information from a previous service provider, which we need to provide our services to you. Alternatively, Gladly may pass on your information to a service provider that Gladly customers have chosen to replace Gladly. Companies that Acquire Gladly’s Business or Assets. If Gladly becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, or dissolution or if the ownership of all or substantially all of Gladly’s business relating to the Gladly Solution otherwise changes, Gladly may provide your information to a third party or parties in connection with the applicable transaction. Gladly’s Affiliates. Gladly may share some or all of your information with Gladly’s parent company, subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, joint ventures or other companies under common control with Gladly. Gladly Customers. If Gladly has received your information as part of Submitted Data, Gladly may share that information, or any modifications or revisions to that information with that Customer. Switching Gladly Solution Providers. Gladly may request your information from your previous service provider, which we need to provide our services to you. Alternatively, Gladly may pass on your information to a service provider that you have chosen to replace Gladly. Aggregate Information. Gladly may share information relating to our visitors and users with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties on an aggregate basis, however this information will not identify you personally. Legal Requirements. Gladly may share your information with law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third parties, in response to a request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose Gladly, you, or any other Gladly user to legal liability, or to protect Gladly’s rights or property, or during emergencies when safety is at risk. Gladly may also share your information in response to court orders, subpoenas, or other legal or regulatory requests, and Gladly may provide access to your information to Gladly’s legal counsel and other consultants in connection with actual or potential litigation. Gladly shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Gladly proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. How We Handle “Do Not Track” Requests You may be able to adjust your browser settings or other settings so that “do not track” requests are sent to our websites and mobile applications. Gladly does not use any tracking technology that would respond to any “do not track” requests that are sent to our services. Gladly does not collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use the Gladly Solution; however, certain service providers that use Cookies may collect your personally identifiable information over time and across different websites. Linked Sites and Gladly Solution Gladly’s website or mobile application may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. Data Security Gladly takes reasonable measures to protect the information you provide to Gladly or submit through the Gladly Solution against misuse, loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk and your information may be disclosed to third parties in unforeseeable situations or situations that are not preventable even when commercially reasonably protections are employed, such as in the case that Gladly or if the Gladly Solution are subject to a hacking or other attack. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access. Retention of Your Information We retain information about you only for as long as it is necessary and relevant for Gladly’s operations, and for Gladly’s customers to work with their consumers. Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant for Gladly’s operations will be disposed of securely. Gladly may also retain information collected from you to comply with the law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, and take other actions permitted by law or disclosed in this Privacy Policy. Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents The California Consumer Privacy Act requires businesses to disclose whether they sell Personal Data. As a business covered by the CCPA, we do not sell Personal Data. We may share Personal Data with third parties or allow them to collect Personal Data from our sites or Services if those third parties are authorized service providers or business partners who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Data, or if you use Gladly sites or Services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your Personal Data to third parties. California law requires that we detail the categories of Personal Data that we disclose for certain “business purposes,” such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products, and to such other entities as described in Sections 8 and 10 of this Privacy Statement. We disclose the following categories of Personal Data for our business purposes: Identifiers; Commercial information; Internet activity information; Financial information; and Inferences drawn from any of the above information categories. California law grants state residents certain rights, including the rights to access specific types of Personal Data, to learn how we process Personal Data, to request deletion of Personal Data, and not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights. If you are a California resident under the age of 18, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to our website(s). Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, because, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user. For information on how to exercise your rights, please refer to Section 13 of this Privacy Statement. If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a California resident, please contact us using the information in the “Contacting Us” section above and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request. You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at . VeraSafe has been appointed as Gladly’s representative in the European Union and the United Kingdom for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union. VeraSafe can be contacted in addition to , only on matters related to the processing of personal data. To make such an inquiry, please contact VeraSafe using or via telephone at: +420 228 881 031. Alternatively, VeraSafe can be contacted at: VeraSafe Netherlands BV Keizersgracht 555 1017 DR Amsterdam Netherlands How to Contact Us If you have questions or complaints regarding Gladly’s Privacy Policy or practices, please contact or via postal mail at Gladly Software, Inc. 423 Broadway, 503 Millbrae, CA 94030 Attention: Privacy Officer. Effective March 24, 2021