Terms and Conditions / Privacy Policy  KidzSearch believes that maintaining the online privacy of children is essential to building a safe site where kids can learn and play. We provide the following information about our policies in conformance with the 1998 Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). 1. What personal information does KidzSearch collect? 1. What personal information does KidzSearch collect? 2. Does KidzSearch use cookies? Yes, but only to provide generic non-personal site features, such as remembering a selected background screen color when a person visits again. We do not store any identifiable information. 3. Does KidzSearch collect aggregated information? KidzSearch collects statistics on which keywords a visitor searches and which responses they select. This information is gathered together (aggregated) so that individual visitors cannot be identified or distinguished from the whole. The same is true for websites visited (see Filtering API and Data section below). For example, we might know that 100 visitors searched for giraffes, but we do not know who those visitors were. This information helps us make editorial and design decisions to make KidzSearch more helpful, such as providing better autocomplete. As required by COPPA, we do not show any ads that are interest-based. We only allow ads that are contextual, meaning it is related to the page a user is viewing and not based on any identifiable information or past sites visited. This is done by opting-out of this feature with our ad network partners. We may use aggregated information to help us target advertising or content based on general location or other non-identifiable data. We also may collect IP Addresses (which domain a visitor is logged on from), Referral Data (the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to KidzSearch), Browser type (which browser is being used), Platform Type (whether a visitor uses Macintosh or Windows), and Traffic Flow (where a visitor spends their time while on the site) on our site, however these collected pieces of information do not allow for personal identification of the visitor. 4. Does KidzSearch have a chat room? No. 5. Does KidzSearch run contests for children? We may have periodic contests. Collected information is never given out to third-parties and parental permission is always required. 6. Interaction with Children The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) governs information gathering online from or about children under the age of 13. Verifiable consent from a child's parent or guardian is required before collecting, using, or disclosing personal information from a child under the age of 13. We collect no identifiable personal information, like email, address, first/last name, etc. for users that are under 13 years of age. None of our features require an account for usage. However, some features have added-value items, like notification if a homework help question is answered. These special features require parental consent for children under 13 before it can be used and we communicate this to the user. If we do need to collect information about a child under 13 years of age, COPPA required information and instructions will be provided by the specific Web page that collects information about the child. The Web page will specify exactly what the information will be used for, who will see it, and how long it will be kept. We never ask or store personal information, such as email address or full names of our subscribers. The only email stored is a the parent's account, since that is needed to get membership approval. Account requests that are not activated are deleted after 21 days. Finally, all posted content is first reviewed by staff for safety, such as if it contains any personal or harmful content. If it does, the content is either edited to make it safe, or removed from our system. 6. Interaction with Children There are several exceptions that permit collection of a child's email address without receiving parental consent in advance: To provide the parents with notice and to seek consent for communications with the child. Note: this may require collection of the parent's email address as well. To respond to a one time request from a child, such as when they user our contact form. To respond more than once to a child's request; i.e., subscription to a newsletter. However, parental consent is required prior to the second communication. To protect the safety of a child who is participating on the site; i.e., in our homework help forum. To protect the site or to respond to law enforcement; i.e., in the case of a Web site being compromised. Personal information about children under 13 years of age may be needed to respond to his/her communication to us, such as to request a site feature or to report problems with the site. Personal information about your child will be deleted/destroyed immediately upon completion of its intended purpose. On rare occasions, it may be determined that a communication from a child under 13 years old should be maintained for historical purposes. Should such an occasion occur, we will obtain the necessary consent from the child's parent. 6. How can I contact KidzSearch if I have questions about this Privacy Policy? 6. How can I contact KidzSearch if I have questions about this Privacy Policy? TERMS AND CONDITIONS LIMITATIONS APPLICABLE LAWS NAI/IAB COMMUNICATION THIRD PARTY WEB SITES ADVERTISING ANALYTICS SEARCH DATA SOCIAL MEDIA PLUGINS FILTERING API AND DATA LIABILITY DISCLAIMER COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES Copyright and Limited License Repeat Infringer Policy Copyright Complaints Trademarks