By choosing I Accept, you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. I Accept Vox Media homepage Updated and Effective as of January 30, 2023 We have prepared this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain to you how we collect, use, and share information and Personal Data we obtain through your use of the Internet sites, applications and online services (“Services”) that are operated by, controlled by or affiliated with Vox Media, LLC, and any of its subsidiaries, affiliates, brands and entities that it controls, including those listed at corp.voxmedia.com and any other affiliated sites and applications for which a link to this Privacy Policy appears (collectively “Vox,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). This Privacy Policy only covers information collected through the Services and via direct communications between you and Vox Media, LLC, and, unless otherwise notified to you, does not cover any information collected at any other website, application or otherwise by us (unless specifically stated), including when you call us, write to us, or communicate with us in any manner other than through the Services. By using the Services, you consent to such collection, use and sharing of your information and Personal Data and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We will only process your Personal Data in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. Categories of Information. We and our third-party service providers (including any third-party content, advertising, and analytics providers) automatically collect certain information from your device or web browser when you interact with the Services to help us understand how our users use the Services and to target advertising to you (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as “Usage Data”). For example, each time you visit the Services we and our third-party service providers may automatically collect your location, IP address, mobile device identifier or other unique identifier, browser and computer type, Internet service provider used, clickstream information, access time, the Web page you came from, the URL you go to next, the Web page(s) that you access during your visit and your interaction with content or advertising on the Services. We may contract with third parties to collect this information on our behalf for analytics purposes. Purposes For This Information. We and our third-party service providers use such Usage Data for a variety of purposes including to diagnose problems with our servers and software, to administer the Services, to gather demographic information and to target advertising to you on the Services and elsewhere online. Accordingly, our third-party advertising networks and ad servers will also provide us with information, including reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked on the Services in a manner that does not identify personally any specific individual. The Usage Data we collect is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we will treat it as Personal Data. We use tracking technologies, such as cookies, local storage, and pixel tags. Cookies and local storage may be set and accessed on your computer. Upon your first visit to the Services, a cookie or local storage will be sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. “Cookies” and local storage are small files containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer’s browser and stored on your device when you visit a website. Many major Web services use cookies to provide useful features for their users. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent; however, if you reject cookies, you will not be able to sign in to the Services or take full advantage of our Services. Additionally, if you clear all cookies on your browser at any point after setting your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent, you will have to again reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. We also use “pixel tags,” which are small graphic files that allow us and third parties to monitor the use of the Services and collect Usage Data. A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the device that downloaded the page on which the tag appears; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears; the time (and length of time) the page containing the pixel tag was viewed; the type of browser that retrieved the pixel tag; and the identification number of any cookie previously placed by that server on your computer. We use pixel tags, either provided by us or by our third-party advertisers, service providers and ad networks, to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and Services and use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you. Pixel tags also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit the Services or other websites. A log file is a file that records events that occur in connection with your use of the Service, such as your service use data. We collect log files and other usage information when you access, use and interact with the Services (even if you have not created an account or logged into your account on the Services), including IP address, date and time that you signed up for an account, language setting, browser type, operating system type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, page you requested, user agent, date and time stamps, clickstream data, and information about your search and click activity. Device fingerprinting is the process of analyzing and combining sets of information elements from your device’s browser, such as JavaScript objects and installed fonts, in order to create a “fingerprint” of your device and uniquely identify your device and apps. There are a variety of tracking technologies that may be included in our apps that allow us to collect information about your installation, use, and updating of our apps as well as information about your device, including your unique mobile device identifier (“UDID”) and other technical identifiers. More specifically, these tracking technologies allow us to collect data about your device and your use of our apps, the pages, videos, other content, or ads you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, and items you download. These tracking technologies are not browser-based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings. For example, our apps may include third party SDKs, which is code that sends information about your use to a server, and is in effect the app version of a pixel. These SDKs allow us to track our conversions and communicate with you across devices, bring you advertising both on and off the Services, customize the app to your interests and preferences and link such across platforms and devices, and provide you with additional functionality, such as the ability to connect our Service with your social media account. GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth, and other location-aware technologies may be used to collect location data when you enable location-based services through your device. Location data may be used for purposes such as verifying your device’s location and delivering or restricting relevant content and advertising based on that location. In addition, we use a variety of other technologies that collect similar information for security and fraud detection purposes essential to the operation of our sites and business. You can visit the Services without telling us who you are or revealing any information by which someone could identify you as a specific, identifiable individual (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as “Personal Data”). If, however, you wish to register to become a member of the Services, you are required to provide certain Personal Data (for example, your name and email address), and you must also provide a username and password. We use your Personal Data to fulfill your requests for products and services, to improve our Services, to contact you from time to time about us and our products and services, and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We refer collectively to all information we collect that is not Personal Data, including Usage Data, demographic data and de-identified Personal Data, as “Non-Personal Data”. If we combine Non-Personal Data with Personal Data, we will treat the combined information as Personal Data under this Privacy Policy. Personal Data, Non-Personal Data, and User Submissions are referred to in this Privacy Policy collectively as “User Information.” You may choose to enter contests, sweepstakes, competitions, participate in surveys, subscribe to newsletters, comment articles, use message boards, chat rooms, reader photo upload areas, reader ratings and reviews, save articles or other content on our Services, reader-created content upload areas, contact us and customer support areas, and areas that allow you to register for SMS text messaging and mobile alerts, or otherwise interact with us in similar ways (“Interactive Areas”). These Interactive Areas may require that you provide Personal Data corresponding with the activities. You understand and agree that the Interactive Areas are voluntary and that your're providing Personal Data for those activities will be collected and used by us to identify and communicate with you. In certain circumstances, we may share that Personal Data with sponsors, advertisers, affiliates or other partners. When you take a quiz or survey or respond to a poll on the Services, in addition to recording your responses, we may record your IP address and/or other identifiers in order to provide an outcome (for quizzes), report and analyze your survey results, or record your vote as part of the final count (for polls). We may also use and disclose this information for advertising purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, you are required to provide certain Personal Data when you submit a job application and supporting materials. You can also choose to submit or we may collect additional information about yourself, such as demographic information (for example your gender, birth date, or zip code) and information about your preferences and interests. Failure to provide any required Personal Data will prevent us from being able to provide the Services you request (e.g., member registration or submission of job application) or otherwise inhibit our ability to provide the Services. Here are examples of User Information we may collect: We may supplement the information we collect with outside records in order to learn more about our users, to better tailor the content and offers we show you, and for other purposes. We may receive this information about you from public sources or third parties, including without limitation consumer data resellers, social networks, and advertisers. We may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect through the Services. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information. Information from public sources or third parties may include, without limitation: We use the information we collect, including Personal Data and Usage Data: The Services contain integration with social networks and other platforms in which information is shared between us and such platforms. For example, if you create or log into your account through a third-party social media site, we may have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, email address, account information, photo and friends lists, and other information in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site. If you don’t want a social network to collect the information about you as described above, or you don’t want a social network to share it with us, please review the privacy policy, privacy settings and instructions of the applicable social network before you visit and use our Services. We share Non-Personal Data with third parties in our discretion. Information collected via the Services is shared among our affiliates. For example, we may share your information with our related entities including our parent and sister companies for customer support, marketing, and technical operations. We share User Information, including Personal Data, as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, and under the following circumstances. For your convenience, we may provide the opportunity to purchase certain goods, merchandise and services through the Services (including, without limitation, retail purchases, print and digital magazine subscriptions and special event tickets). Companies other than Vox Media, Inc., its parents, partners, affiliates or subsidiaries may process these transactions. We call these companies that conduct our e-commerce operations, order and contest fulfillment and/or contract services “operational providers.” They are third parties that perform services on our behalf. If you choose to use these optional services, our operational providers will request your Personal Data to fulfill your order or request. The voluntary submission of your Personal Data to these operational providers, including your order or request, will be governed by the operational provider’s terms of use and privacy policies. To facilitate an order or request from you, we may share your Personal Data with the provider. The operational provider may also share your Personal Data and information about your purchases with us. We may store this information in our membership database. In most instances, we request that our operational providers adhere to the provisions in our Privacy Policy and that such providers only share visitors’ Personal Data with us, unless necessary to complete a visitor’s request or order. Operational providers are only authorized by us to use any Personal Data for the purpose of conducting the sale or fulfilling your requested service or order. However, you must read an operational provider’s privacy policy to determine the extent of use and disclosure of your Personal Data collected online. We are not responsible for the collection, use and disclosure practices of operational providers, nor are we responsible or liable for their services. Our Events and promotions may be jointly managed, sponsored or offered by third parties. If you voluntarily choose to enter or attend an Event, we may share your information with third parties as set forth in the official rules that govern the Event as well as for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering a contest or sweepstakes Event, you agree to the official rules that govern that Event, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other parties to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials. Some events may be managed wholly by a third party and will be governed by any rules or terms they provide for that event and it is your responsibility to review and comply with those terms. We may share your information with third parties for our own direct marketing purposes (for example, email blasts, special offers, discounts, etc.). If you have not opted out of us sharing your information with third parties for marketing purposes, we may also share your information (including Personal Data) with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. Please note, messages delivered from a third-party will subject you to the third-party’s privacy policy. We may also match your email address with third parties and use such match to deliver custom offers or emails to you on the Services and off the Services. We may allow you to connect our Services to a third party service or offer our Services through a third party service (“Third Party Features”). If you use a Third Party Feature, both we and the applicable third party may have access to and use information associated with your use of the Third Party Feature, and you should carefully review the third party’s privacy policy and terms of use. Some examples of Third Party Features include the following: Logging-In. You may choose to log in, create an account or enhance your profile on the Services through the Facebook Connect feature. By doing this, you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile, and you authorize us to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface. Brand Pages. We offer our content on social networks such as a Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Any information you provide to us when you engage with our content (such as through our brand page) is treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Also, if you publicly reference our Services on a third party service (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with us in a tweet or post), we may use your reference on or in connection with our Service. When you submit a photo to Twinning, we post a composite image of your photo and your celebrity look-a-likes on a public URL for you to reference and share with your friends. When you submit a photo to Aura by POPSUGAR, we post an image of your photo with your results on a public URL. For both Twinning and Aura by POPSUGAR, while we only provide this unique URL to you. The URL is public and may be viewed by anyone who has the link. You can request removal of any unique URL created in connection with your photos through Twinning or Aura by POPSUGAR by contacting us at vmprivacy@voxmedia.com. We take no responsibility for the content or privacy practices of any third parties. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies of any third-party services you access. In the event we go through a business transition (such as a merger, acquisition by another company, bankruptcy, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process), your Personal Data will likely be among the assets transferred. By providing your Personal Data, you agree that we can transfer such information in those circumstances without your further consent. Should such a business transition occur, we will make reasonable efforts to request that the new owner or combined entity (as applicable) follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Data. If your Personal Data would be used contrary to this Privacy Policy, we will request that you receive prior notice. We reserve the right, and you hereby expressly authorize us, to share User Information: (i) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; (ii) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person or property; (iii) if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding significant abuse of the Services infrastructure or the Internet in general (such as voluminous spamming, denial of service attacks, or attempts to compromise the security of information); (iv) to protect and defend our legal rights or property, our services or their users, or any other party, and to protect the health and safety of our users or the general public; and (v) to our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us (in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy). When we use the term “anonymous data,” we are referring to data and information that does not permit you to be identified or identifiable, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third-party. We may create anonymous data from the Personal Data we receive about you and other individuals whose Personal Data we collect. Anonymous data will include analytics information and information collected by us using cookies. We make Personal Data into anonymous data by excluding information (such as your name or other personal identifiers) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous data to analyze usage patterns in order to make improvements to our Services. If you identify any User Information as public, you are authorizing us to share such information publicly. For example, you can elect to make certain of your User Submissions (such as your alias, bio, email or photos) publicly available. Also, there are areas of the Services (for example, message boards, discussion rooms, and other online forums) in which you are able to post information that automatically will be available to all other users of the Services. By choosing to use these areas, you understand and agree that anyone can access, use, and disclose any information that you post to those areas. The Services are operated in the United States. If you are located in another jurisdiction, please be aware that information you provide to us will be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States. By using the Services or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing, and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may be different than those in the jurisdiction where you reside or are a citizen, such as the European Union. You understand that the U.S. government can obtain access to the Personal Data you submit if necessary for investigative purposes (e.g., terrorism investigation). We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We use appropriate and suitable safeguards for transferring your Personal Data to the U.S. Internet browsers can be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We use other companies under agreements with us to serve third-party advertisements when you visit and use the Services. These companies may collect and use clickstream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to the Services in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use tracking technologies to collect this information. Other companies’ use of their tracking technologies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. In addition, we share with these third parties any Personal Data you voluntarily provide, such as an email address, in response to an advertisement or sponsored content link. In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be of interest to our users, we display targeted advertisements on the Services, or other digital properties or applications in conjunction with our content, based on information provided to us by our users and information provided to us by third parties that they have independently collected. Please note opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads while online or on your device. We may from time to time offer certain location or pinpoint based services, such as location assisted navigation instruction. If you elect to use such location-based services, we must periodically receive your location in order to provide such location-based services to you. By using the location-based services, you authorize us to: (i) locate your hardware; (ii) record, compile and display your location; and (iii) publish your location to third parties designated by you by means of location publication controls available within the applications (for example, settings, user preferences). As part of the location-based services, we also collect and store certain information about the users who elect to use such location-based services, such as a device id. This information will be used to provide you the location-based services. We use third-party providers to help provide location-based services through mobile systems (unless you opt out of such location-based services with such providers) and we provide the information to such providers to enable them to provide their location-based services, provided that such providers use the information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We offer you the opportunity to manage your communications from us. Even after subscribing to one or more newsletters and/or opting in to one or more offers to receive marketing and/or promotional communications from us or our third-party partners, users may elect to modify their preferences by following the “Communications Preferences” and/or “Unsubscribe” link provided in an email or communication received. If you no longer wish to receive text messages from us, please follow the instructions provided in our text message. You may also be able to change your preferences by updating your profile or account, depending on which of our Services you are using. Please be aware that if you wish to remove yourself from a newsletter and/or other marketing emails from third parties that you consented to through the Services, you must do so by contacting the relevant third-party. Even if you do opt-out of marketing emails, we reserve the right to send you transactional and administrative emails including those related to the Services, service announcements, notices of changes to this Privacy Policy or other Services policies, and to contact you regarding any goods or services you have ordered. Please note that we need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion (for example, when you enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Data provided until after the completion of such promotion). We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We have implemented commercially reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational security measures to help protect your Personal Data from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure; unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your User Information, we cannot guarantee its security. You use the Services and provide us with information at your own initiative and risk. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us using the details in the Contact Us section below. The Services contain links to other websites that we do not control, and the Services contain videos, advertising and other content hosted and served by third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third-party. We may also integrate with third parties who will interact with you under their terms of service. We especially care about the privacy of young children. Most of our Services, with the exception of certain child-directed services as described below, are intended for a general audience and are not intended for and should not be used by children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16 on our general audience services, and we do not target such services to children under the age of 16. Some of our Services are clearly identified as being marketed directly to children under the age of 16 (such as our Dodo Kids channel or other child-directed services). In connection with such child-directed services, we do not knowingly collect any Personal Data from users under the age of 16 without complying with applicable legal requirements and making appropriate disclosures. We are committed to compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), a U.S. federal law designed to protect children online. We may collect and store persistent identifiers (such as IP addresses) from children without parental consent for the purpose of supporting the internal operations of the Services or as otherwise permitted under COPPA. For any of our Services, if a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us using the details in the Contact Us section below. We will delete such information from our files as soon as reasonably practicable. Contact Us When we conduct research or carry out surveys and you participate in our research or surveys, we may collect sensitive Personal Data about you, for example, information about your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life or sexual orientation. We will get your explicit consent for our collection, use, or sharing of this data where required by law. Otherwise, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive Personal Data as this term is defined under applicable data protection and privacy laws on or through the Services or otherwise to us. If you send or disclose any sensitive Personal Data to us or the public through the Services, you consent to our processing and use of such sensitive Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such sensitive Personal Data, you must not submit such content to our Services, and you must contact us to make us aware immediately. We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, or is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) refers to such information as “Personal Information.” If you are a California consumer, as defined by the CCPA, the CCPA provides you with specific rights regarding your Personal Information. This section describes the rights that California consumers have and explains how to exercise those rights. For the purposes of this section, Personal Information does not include: (i) information that is lawfully made available from federal, state or local government records; (ii) de-identified or aggregated data; or (iii) information excluded from the scope of the CCPA. To be clear, these rights are granted only to the extent that you are a California consumer. The rights in this section are not intended to grant you additional rights, but only your rights under the CCPA with respect to the applicable Personal Information. Information about our data collection during the prior 12 months is described below. California consumers may access, delete, and control certain uses of their information as set forth in Rights to Your Information. Category Examples Purposes for Which Such Information Was Collected in the Preceding 12 Months or Will be Used Categories of Sources From Which Personal Information Has Been Collected in the Preceding 12 Months or will be Collected Categories of Third Parties With Whom the Website Shares Personal Information Disclosed by Company in the Preceding Twelve (12) Months for a Business Purpose "Shared" or "Sold" (as defined by CCPA) by Company in the Preceding Twelve (12) Months A. Personal identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. See Sections 1-6 See Section 7 YES Personally Identifiable Information such as government ID numbers, names or addresses are not sold or shared, but technical identifiers such as unique IDs, technical identifiers, and behavioral actions associated therewith may be sold and shared. Occasionally, we may “sell” or “share” names and email addresses with sponsors of events or sweepstakes, but will notify you separately upon participation in those activities. B. Personal information covered by the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. No C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). NO D. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. F. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. G. Location data. Physical location or movements. DMA level location data may be “sold” or “shared” for targeting of advertising to specific areas, but not specific location. H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. I. Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. K. Inferences drawn from other personal information for profiling purposes. Used to create a profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. We may disclose your Personal Information to a third party for a business purpose or sell your Personal Information, subject to your right to opt out of those sales (see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights, below). The information above under Information We Collect; How We Collect It; How We Use It describes the third parties with which we may share your Personal Information. If you are a California resident, you have the right to delete the personal information we have collected from you and the right to know certain information about our data practices in the preceding 12 months. In particular, you have the right to request the following from us: As a California consumer, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, disclosure or sale of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access and Deletion Rights, below), and subject to certain limitations that we describe below, we will disclose such information. You have the right to request any or all of the following: You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access and Deletion Rights, below), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. However, we may retain Personal Information that has been de-identified or aggregated. Furthermore, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) in order to perform certain actions set forth under CCPA, such as detecting security incidents and protecting against fraudulent or illegal activity. Only you, or a person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf (an “authorized agent”), may make the requests set forth above. We have a duty as the holder of certain personal information to verify your identity when making requests to know or delete personal information and to ensure that dissemination of that information would not cause harm to you if it were distributed to another person. To verify your identity, we will request and collect additional personal information from you to match it against our records. We may ask for additional information or documentation if we feel it is necessary to confirm your identity with the necessary degree of certainty. We may communicate with you through email, a secure message center, or other reasonably necessary and appropriate means. We do have the right to deny requests under certain circumstances. In such cases, we will notify you of the reasons for denial. You have the right to direct us to not sell your Personal Information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the Personal Information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is at least 16 and less than 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 16 years of age. To our knowledge, we do not sell the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age. To exercise the right to opt out, you (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to us by visiting the following Internet Web page: "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information." You may also submit a request to opt-out by emailing us at vmprivacy@voxmedia.com. You may change your mind and opt back in to Personal Information sales at any time by emailing us at vmprivacy@voxmedia.com. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights, including but not limited to, by: Financial incentives are programs, benefits, or other offerings, including payments to consumers as compensation, for the disclosure, deletion, or sale of personal information about them. We may offer discounted prices to consumers who sign up to be on our mailing lists or join our loyalty programs. Such programs will have additional terms that require your review and agreement. Please review those terms for the details of those programs, how to withdraw or cancel, or to assert your rights specific to those programs. We generally do not treat consumers differently if they exercise a right under California law. However, in certain circumstances, discounted prices will require you to be on our mailing list or a member of our loyalty program. In such circumstances, we may offer a price difference because the price is reasonably related to the value of your data. The value of your data will be explained in the terms of such incentivized programs. California’s “Shine the Light” law permits customers in California to request certain details about how certain types of their information are shared with third parties and, in some cases, affiliates, for those third parties’ and affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. Under the law, a business should either provide California customers certain information upon request or permit California customers to opt out of this type of sharing. The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”) provides Virginia consumers with specific rights regarding their Personal Data. To the extent that you are a resident of Virginia, this section describes your rights under the VCDPA and explains how you may exercise these rights. The categories of Personal Data we process, our purposes for processing your Personal Data, the categories of Personal Data that we share with third parties, and the categories of third parties with whom we share it are set forth in the terms of our Privacy Policy above. In addition to the rights set forth in our Privacy Policy, the VCDPA provides you with the following rights: To exercise any of your Virginia privacy rights, or if you have any questions about your privacy rights, you may contact us by emailing us at vmprivacy@voxmedia.com. After submitting a request, we will take steps to verify your identity in order for us to properly respond and/or confirm that your request is not fraudulent. We may contact you for additional information as reasonably necessary to authenticate your request, but if we are ultimately unable to authenticate your request using reasonably commercial efforts, then we may not be able to comply with it. Only you may make a verifiable request related to your Personal Data. If you are making a request as the parent or legal guardian of a known child regarding the processing of that child’s Personal Data, we may ask you to submit reliable proof of your identity. We will make every effort to respond to your request within 45 days from when you contacted us. If you have a complex request, the VCDPA allows us up to 90 days to respond. We will contact you within 45 days from when you contacted us to inform you of the need for additional time and the reason for such extension. We may charge you a reasonable fee to cover administrative costs if your requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive, or repetitive. If we decline to take action on a request that you have submitted, we will inform you of our reasons for doing so, and provide instructions for how to appeal the decision. You will have the right to appeal within a reasonable period of time after you have received our decision. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If we deny your appeal, we will provide you with a method for contacting the Virginia Attorney General to submit a complaint. IF YOU ARE SITUATED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA, SWITZERLAND, OR THE UNITED KINGDOM, THIS SECTION APPLIES TO OUR COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND ADDITIONAL RIGHTS YOU HAVE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW. We will only use your personal data, as that term is defined under the General Data Protection Regulation or comparable local law in the United Kingdom or Switzerland (“GDPR”), when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances: To the extent permitted under applicable laws, we will also process, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary. Vox is the data controller of all personal data collected through our Services. To contact us, please see the section titled Contact Us. If you are situated in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and have any complaints regarding our privacy practices, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to your local supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach your supervisory authority, so please contact us in the first instance. If you have a complaint, please contact our privacy manager can be contacted at: vmprivacy@voxmedia.com. Where we need to collect personal data by law or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with our services). In this case, we may not be able to provide certain services to you. We may obtain personal data and other information about you through public sources and/or our third-party partners who help us provide our products and services to you. If we are relying on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at vmprivacy@voxmedia.com. We may transfer personal data from the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK to the United States and other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission or the UK Secretary of State to have an adequate level of data protection. Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission and/or UK Secretary of State which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For more information about how we transfer your data, please contact us at vmprivacy@voxmedia.com. We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising: If you are situated in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, under the GDPR, as a data subject, you have the right to: If you have accepted our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, we will collect your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy based on your affirmative informed consent, which you may withdraw at any time through the methods provided herein. If you have not accepted, then we only collect your personal data based on our legitimate interests. To view additional information about behavioral advertising and manage your preferences, you can do so by visiting: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/. We update this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion and will notify you of any material changes to the way in which we treat Personal Data by posting a notice on relevant areas of the Services. We will also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such as through contact information you have provided. Any updated version of this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy (or such other act specified at that time) will constitute your consent to those changes. However, we will not, without your consent, use your Personal Data in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time your Personal Data was collected. Vox Media on Facebook Vox Media on Twitter Vox Media on Linked In