Effective Date: April 06, 2023 06, 2023 Privacy Policy Couchsurfing we us our Couchsurfing provides a platform for members to learn about one another, arrange stays and travel, engage in activities and communicate with one another. Couchsurfing connects travelers with a global network of people willing to share in profound and meaningful ways, making travel a truly social experience. We are a community built on trust. A fundamental part of earning that trust means being clear about how we use your information and protect your right to privacy. This Privacy Policy describes: This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites (“Site”), mobile application (“App”) and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”), or when you otherwise interact with us. Site App Services From time to time, we may change the provisions of this Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on the App and the Site. If required by law, we will also provide notification of changes in another way that we believe is reasonably likely to reach you, such as via email or another manner through the App or the Site. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy. We collect information you provide to us, such as when you create an account, verify your identity, update your profile, use the interactive features of our Services, participate in contests, promotions or surveys, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include: Account information Communications Other background, contact and demographic information Payment and transactional data Information stored on your mobile device (if you have given us permission to access this information) Identity verification and biometric information, if you elect to use the identity verification service When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you, including: Information collected from third party services. We may obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you link, connect, or login to the Services through a third-party social networking site, you direct that third-party service to send us information such as your name, connections, email address, birthday, gender, location and other account information in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such third-party social networking site or as authorized by you via your privacy settings at that service. Information collected from third party services. Information collected from other Services Users. We may receive information about you from other Couchsurfing users, such as trust ratings, feedback, friend connections, public references, and other interconnections and interactions between you and other Couchsurfing users. Information collected from other Services Users. We use information about you to: Provide our services, including to: Provide our services Direct marketing. We may send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including, but not limited to, notifying you of products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events and provide other news and information about Couchsurfing and other third parties. Direct marketing Research and development. We may create and use aggregate user information to analyze the effectiveness of our Services, to improve and add features to our Services, and to analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Services. Research and development Support and Maintenance. We use third party analytics services to automatically log certain information about your computer or mobile device and how you interact with the Services. The information collected is used to troubleshoot and prevent errors, perform data analysis, and develop new features. Support and Maintenance Compliance with Laws, and Creating and Maintaining a Trusted and Safer Environment. We may use personal information to: Compliance with Laws, and Creating and Maintaining a Trusted and Safer Environment Couchsurfing has users located across the globe. We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries, which may not have the same data protection laws as your home country or territory. However, wherever we store your information we will treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you. Please note, while Couchsurfing is certified under the EU.-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks, following the invalidation of such frameworks we no longer rely on Privacy Shield for our cross-border data transfers. However, we continue to comply with the frameworks. Please read the information below, which we provide in accordance with the Privacy Shield Notice Principle. We are subject to investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission with respect to personal information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework We share personal information as follows: Other Users Social Media Tools Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services as part of our Services. These third parties may have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the activities of these third parties and how they collect, use or share information about you. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Services and welcome any feedback about these third parties. We may allow third parties to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services in relation to the use of our Services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address and information about your web browser and operating system, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Couchsurfing and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. Please note that we may share aggregated or de-identified data with these third parties. For example, we may engage a third party data provider who may collect web log data from you or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content. These cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to information you voluntarily provide to us (e.g., an email address) in a hashed, non-human readable form. In particular, we use: We take security of your data seriously and take reasonable measures to protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from us may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Internet. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personal information to us via the Internet. In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services, or third party websites. Finally, we cannot control the actions of users on the platform, who may seek to use third party apps or devices to record, store, or share content or communication without other users' prior consent. Please keep this in mind when using the Services. The Services are not intended for use by children under 18 years of age. If we learn that we have collected personal information through the Services from a child under 18 without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian as required by law, we will delete it. Privacy Settings You have many choices about your data. Privacy Settings Account Information You may deactivate your account at any time by contacting support@couchsurfing.com. Even after you deactivate your account, we may retain certain information as required by law, for legitimate business purposes or to protect member safety. If your account is deactivated, Couchsurfing will provide access to the data associated with the deactivated account upon receipt of the required legal documentation. Location Information via Mobile Device You have the ability to turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your Internet browser or mobile device and by following the standard uninstall process and removing Couchsurfing’s application from your device. Doing so, however, may mean that you cannot use all or a portion of our Services. We are providing this supplemental privacy notice to Consumers in California, pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). CCPA The CCPA grants California residents the following rights: Information Access Deletion  Opt-out of sale of your personal information The CCPA limits these rights. For example, companies may not provide users in response to access requests certain sensitive information and other consumers’ personal information, and may exclude information that would compromise the confidentiality of trade secrets. The CCPA also places limits on when companies must comply with a deletion request. You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. Here is how you can submit requests: To request access to or deletion of personal information collected Authorized agents We are providing this supplemental privacy notice to European data subjects, pursuant to European data protection laws (“GDPR”). GDPR Couchsurfing has appointed DataRep as its Data Protection Representative in the EEA and the UK. DataRep has locations in each of the 27 EU countries, the UK, and Norway & Iceland in the European Economic Area (EEA), so that Couchsurfing's users can always raise the questions they want with them. If you want to raise a question to Couchsurfing, or otherwise exercise your rights in respect of your personal data, you may do so by: couchsurfing@datarep.com Please note: When mailing your data protection inquiries, it is essential that you mark your letters for "DataRep" and not "Couchsurfing", or your inquiry may not reach DataRep. Please refer clearly to Couchsurfing in your correspondence. On receiving your correspondence, Couchsurfing is likely to request evidence of your identity, to ensure your personal data and information connected with it is not provided to anyone other than you. Personal Data We Collect From You and How We Use It Justification for Data Processing. European data protection law sets out a list of justifications on which companies may rely to process personal data, and requires companies to explain to consumers the specific justifications for the company’s data processing activities. We generally rely on one of the following justifications to process personal data: Justification for Data Processing Contractual Necessity Provision of some of this data is necessary to establish an account on Couchsurfing. Types of Personal Data Purpose Justification for Processing Personal Data To create and maintain your account To respond to your inquiries To send you notification or emails of feature releases or provide content that we think may be of interest to you Legitimate Interests: Legitimate Interests Providing you with the support that you request, and improving our Services and related services Sending you information on our own products and services that may be of interest to you To address users’ inquiries For Trust and Safety purposes, in relation to information (such as feedback) Services users may provide about their interactions with you To improve the Services in relation to information (such as feedback) about your experience with the Service Providing user support Enabling us to prevent and detect harmful or unauthorized conduct Improving and developing the Services and developing new features and services. For example, we may decide to build a new feature in response to feedback received from users Information stored on the user device such as photos, calendar information, and contacts. To enable you to invite your contacts to join the Services and for those contacts to receive invitations Showing you which of your contacts joins or is already on the Services To improve your experience when using the Services if you choose to share travel photos or schedule availability Consent (users consent via device settings to authorize access to the user personal data) Consent Enabling users to find and connect with people they know Enhancing user experience Messages you send to and receive from other Services users To enable you to easily communicate with other users while on the Services Helping you connect with other Services users To improve your experience when using the Services if you choose to provide this information, including recommending users to follow, and topics that might be of interest to you Personalizing your user experience by providing recommendations for content and Services features To authorize our payment processors to process your transactions Information collected from other Services Users To improve your experience when using the Services and promote trust and safety while using the Services. Improving and developing the Services Information collected from third party services To enable you to easily communicate and connect with other users while on the Services Identity verification and biometric information To verify your identity when using the Services Information Collected Automatically To provide functionality, security, and for analytics and marketing purposes Developing and improving the Services Recipients of Data Retention of Data. We keep your personal data for as long as you have a Couchsurfing account. To protect the safety and security of our users, your personal data will be retained for a reasonable period of time following account deletion or deactivation. To determine the appropriate retention period for your personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. We may delete the data by anonymizing it so it can no longer be associated with a user. Retention of Data Storage. We are based in the United States and rely on cloud storage providers that store user data on our behalf in the United States. The United States may have data protection laws less stringent than or otherwise different from the laws in effect in Europe. We have taken measures to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal data, and your rights as a data subject. Storage Your Rights. The GDPR grants European data subjects the following rights: Your Rights Access. Deletion and Correction. Objection. Restrict Processing. Data Portability. Surfing the Sahara Moustafa Cheaiteli crossed the Sahara desert using only local transportation and Couchsurfing. Read this and more stories Surfing the Sahara Moustafa Cheaiteli crossed the Sahara desert using only local transportation and Couchsurfing. Read this and more stories Mobile Download Couchsurfing for Android or iPhone Download Couchsurfing for Android or iPhone Android iPhone Safety Couchsurfing has a dedicated Trust and Safety team. More about Safety Couchsurfing has a dedicated Trust and Safety team. More about Safety More about Safety Connect with us: © 1999 - 2023 Couchsurfing International, Inc.