new Effective: October, 2023 Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy sets forth Cloze, Inc.’s (“Cloze”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) privacy practices in connection with Cloze’s websites located at cloze.com, clz.es (“Site” or “Sites”), the Cloze mobile applications, the Cloze web browser extensions, and the Cloze chat bots (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by Cloze from users of our Services and visitors of our websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by Cloze in other ways, including offline. Access to the Services is provided pursuant to the Terms of Service accessible on our Sites and Services. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy, shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Service. Summary Because Cloze integrates with a variety of content imported, with your authorization, from your email, notes, files, reminders, calendar, phone, messaging, contacts, social media and other services, we take precautions to ensure that your personal information is protected. Rather than a dense legalistic Privacy Policy we have tried to write a clear, open and transparent Privacy Policy that an average human can understand without retaining a lawyer. Here are a few highlights about the data we collect through our Services, how we use it, and your choices about its use. Broadly speaking, we break your data into two distinct categories: Your Personal Information Your Content Information About You We use your Personal Information to communicate with you, provide you with our Services, and to help us improve our Services. We collect your name and contact information as well as your Third Party Login Credentials for each Third Party Platform (as defined below), and if you purchase our Premium Services, we also collect your payment information through third party online payment services. We use cookies and other technologies to keep track of your use of our Services and to provide a personalized experience. Cookies are described and discussed below. We also use cookies to help us measure usage and improve the quality of our Services. By using our Services, you indicate your consent for Cloze to send cookies to your computer or other device in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our Services. You may turn off cookies in your browser however, in doing so, some or all of our Services may not work. Your Privacy Choices Important Information We will update the “last updated” date to indicate the effective date of any changes to our Privacy Policy. How to Reach Us if You Have a Question By email to privacy@cloze.com. Protecting Your Data and Ensuring Your Privacy at Cloze The Cloze Services Cloze organizes and provides efficient means to access and receive updates regarding your contacts that may have been previously dispersed over many different Third Party Platforms. “Third Party Platforms” are software that integrate with our Services and that you have authorized to connect with Cloze. This may include email, calendar, messaging, file storage, phone services, note taking, reminders, social networking, and other cloud services such as Microsoft 365, Gmail, Google Workspace, Slack, Dropbox, DocuSign, Evernote and other similar platforms from which you authorize us to import, search, and access, content. What Is Personal Information? “Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, address, telephone number, mobile number or e-mail address, an identification number, location information, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. “Sensitive Personal Information” means racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union members, the processing of genetic, biometric data for purposes of uniquely identifying a natural person, and information concerning an individual’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation. We treat your Personal and Sensitive Personal Information as confidential. “Other Information” is any information that is not Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information. Personal Information does not include anonymized or “aggregate” information, or publicly available information that has not been combined with Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information. What Information Do We Collect And When Do We Collect It? We may collect your Personal Information in the following circumstances: When you utilize the Services, we also receive certain Other Information about you or your use of the Services. Such Other Information may be collected using various technologies, including: Logs: Cookies: Web beacons: Local storage: We do not set any cookies outside of the cloze.com and directly related domains. We also may partner with certain third parties to collect, analyze, and use some of the Personal and Other information described in this section. For example, we may allow third parties to set cookies or use web beacons on the Services or in email communications from Cloze. This information may be used for a variety of purposes, including analytics and online behavioral advertising. When you authorize Cloze to access Third Party Platforms, we collect, store, and process “Content” on your behalf. Content are all communication records and documents (including your contacts, messages, files, call records, notes, meetings, email and other similar information) from Third Party Platforms that you have authorized Cloze to access, similar information you directly enter in Cloze (for example, when sending emails, creating new contacts, adding notes, setting reminders, etc.), as well as information Cloze discovers and provides to you (for example, public information about your contacts, when contacts of yours open emails you sent from Cloze, etc.). By its nature, Content will often contain Personal Information (for example, an email will contain the sender and recipient’s email addresses). Cloze has no direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Information is contained in your Content. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to you. We provide tools to allow you to export, delete, or update Content so you can comply with these requests. For purposes of applicable data protection laws, we are a “data processor” in relation to our customers for their Content and only process such information on their behalf. How Do We Use the Information We Collect? We use your Personal Information and Other Information collected through our Services for the following purposes: What does Cloze do with your Content? As with your Personal Information, we will treat your Content as confidential private data except for the uses and disclosures described in this Privacy Policy. Your Content is stored securely on our servers and will remain private to you, within your Cloze account, unless you choose to share or disclose it to another user or service, or as described below when you join a Cloze Business Team. We use a number of technologies to help you get the most out of the Service. Our systems automatically analyze your Content to power Cloze features and to continually improve the Service for you. This may include, for example: You may explicitly choose to share Content with other Cloze users or with Third Party Platforms. When you share Content with another Cloze user, Cloze provides privacy controls to allow to you to choose what information to share (by default, Cloze will not share the following Content with your co-workers: home or personal addresses from your contacts or messages from friends and families). There are many privacy controls within Cloze that you can take advantage of to control what information gets shared and when. When you choose to share Content with other Cloze users, the shared Content becomes Private Data in their Cloze account as well as yours. However, there are no restrictions on these users from sharing that Private Data, through the Service or otherwise, with any third parties, or using that Private Data for any purpose. For example, if you share a note with another Cloze user, they could copy, paste, and email that note to a colleague – just as if you email someone, they could forward that email to someone else. Once you share Content with other users, there are no restrictions on those users from sharing that Content through the Services or otherwise with any third parties or using the Content for any purpose. When you authorize a Third Party Platform to access Content from your Cloze account (for example, to make contacts in your Cloze account available on another device), please be aware that those platforms are not operated by Cloze and Cloze is not responsible for the content or practices of those platforms. The collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of the Third Party Platforms, and not this Policy. What Content gets shared when you join a Cloze Business Team? If you accept an invitation to join a Cloze Business Team, some of your Content, or aggregate information about your business-related Content, may be shared with other team members automatically, while other Content will only be shared if you choose to share it. Summary Information and some Contact Information may be shared automatically, while Communications Information will be shared only after you have been presented with the opportunity to approve or decline sharing. What Information Do We Share With Third Parties? Cloze exists to make your professional network more actionable, not to sell your data. However, we share personal information as follows: Service Providers, Agents and Related Third Parties: We sometimes hire other companies to help us provide the Services to you. Examples include third-party payment processors, companies who send emails on our behalf, and providers who are working with us in connection with the operation of our Services. Such service providers are only provided with the information they need to perform their specific function, will only use your Personal Information to perform the services requested by us, and we make efforts to ensure they are subject to confidentiality restrictions consistent with this Privacy Policy. Requests to other Cloze users (and non-users): Some communications you initiate through Cloze (e.g., an invitation sent to a non-user or a task you assign to another Cloze user) will list your primary email address and name in the header of the message. Contact Enrichment: In order to ensure your contacts are as complete and accurate as possible, we may search for public information about your contacts in Third-Party Platforms you have connected to your Cloze account. In addition, we may check for public information about your contacts from third party data providers. In order to do so, we share a subset of information from your contacts (such as your contact’s email address), but do not disclose any information about you to the data provider (the data provider does not know on whose behalf we are making the requests). In such cases, we require such third parties to agree to confidentiality restrictions and to meet privacy standards at least as stringent as ours in protecting your data for such purpose. Content Creation: Your Cloze subscription may include generative AI which writes content (newsletters, drip campaigns, emails, etc.) for you given prompts and other information you explicitly provide for this purpose. We may share this information, which may include personal information, with third parties in order to find, curate, and generate content for you. Your direct sharing of Personal Information through third-party websites and services: The Services may enable you to explicitly share Content with websites or online services operated by third parties. For example, the Services contain links to third-party websites that incorporate comment and social media features. The Services also contains a Facebook “like” button and a Twitter “follow” button. If you choose to use these features, you may disclose your personal information not just to those Third-Party Platforms, but also to their users and the public more generally. Because these Third-Party Platforms are not operated by Cloze, Cloze is not responsible for the content or practices of those platforms. The collection, use, and disclosure of your information will be subject to the privacy policies of the Third-Party Platforms, and not this Policy. Third-party plugins: The Services integrate certain third-party plug-ins (such as a Facebook “like” button). Even if you do not click on these plug-ins, they may collect information about you, such as your IP address and the pages that you view. They also may set and/or access a cookie. These plugins are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. Facebook Custom Audiences and Similar Programs: We may partner with Facebook and other social media partners to deliver advertisements to our users via the Facebook Custom Audiences program or similar third-party programs. In order to identify and reach our users on Facebook or another third-party service, we may share information such as an email address or phone number with Facebook or another third-party service. For more information about custom audience targeting and how to adjust your social media advertising preferences, please review the privacy policy of your social media provider. With Your Consent: We may share your Personal Information when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you on our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information. Legal Processes: We may also disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests or legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants or court orders; when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or the rights, property or safety of others; to enforce or apply our Privacy Policy, our Terms of Service or our other policies or agreements. Business Transfers: We might sell or buy business assets. We may share your Personal Information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where Personal Information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the business assets of us. Please note that the opt-out will apply only to the specific browser or device from which you opt out, and therefore you will need to opt out separately on all of your browsers and devices. If you delete or reset your cookies or mobile identifiers, change browsers, or use a different device, any opt-out cookie or tool may no longer work and you will have to opt out again. Aggregated or Deidentified Information: We may share aggregated or deidentified demographic information about our user base with our partners. Such aggregated or deidentified information does not identify individual users. We do not link this aggregate or deidentified user data with personal information. Our Privacy Policy does not restrict or limit our collection and use of aggregate user data. User Communications You may choose to provide us with another person's e-mail address so that person may be invited to create an account on our Service. By providing us with another person's e-mail address, you represent to us that you have obtained the consent of the person concerned as regards such disclosure to us of that e-mail address. We may disclose such information if required to do so in order to comply with legal process, as described above. Links to Other Sites Our Services may contain links to other sites. Any Personal Information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such linked sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these sites or any other sites that are linked to from our Services. What Steps Do We Take To Protect Your Information Online? We use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures to protect your Personal Information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. What Choices Do You Have Regarding the Use of Your Information? You may withdraw your consent to process your Personal Information at any time. If you do so, you will be unable to use the Services. You may “opt out” of receiving marketing or promotional communications from us by following the instructions in those communications or by emailing us at unsubscribe@cloze.com. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your Cloze account or our ongoing business relations. Your Rights: Reviewing, Changing or Deleting Your Information You may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in your account from within the Service itself or by contacting us at support@cloze.com. By deleting your data in your account, we may deactivate your account. You may request deletion of your data at any time. Your account may be closed after a period of inactivity. You also authorize us, on your behalf, and in accordance with your account preferences to delete information when not reasonably needed for the Services. If you have shared your Content with others and they have not deleted it, or it was copied or stored by other users, Cloze will not be obligated to delete such information. To the extent we are a data controller in relation to the Personal Information we process about you and you are a resident of a jurisdiction with an applicable data privacy law, you may have certain additional rights available to you in relation to your Personal Information. These rights may include: To exercise any of the rights listed above, please contact us using the information below. We will respond to your request as soon as reasonably possible and within the timeframe required under applicable law. Prior to complying with your request, we will first verify your identity by comparing the information you provide with the information we have on file for you. Additionally, you may authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf. To designate an agent, please provide a written and signed document by both you and the agent that authorizes the agent to act on your behalf. You may also use a power of attorney. We will still require you to provide information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information. Our supervisory authority in Ireland is the Irish Data Protection Commissioner. The Irish Data Protection Commissioner may be contacted at info@dataprotection.ie. Retention of Your Information We retain information for as long as reasonably necessary to deliver our Services to you or to fulfill the purposes described in this Policy. You may delete the Personal Information in your account as described above. Please note that, in limited circumstances, we may retain information for a longer period of time as required by law. Minors Our Services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information, he or she should contact us at support@cloze.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will take steps to delete such information from our files. International Transfers The Services are operated from and hosted on servers located in the United States. Your information may be transferred around the world to countries in which we do business, including to affiliates, service providers or third parties, which may be located in jurisdictions that may not have the same level of data protection laws as those in your home country. By using the Services or by providing any personal information to us, you expressly consent to such transfer and processing. Information for European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Swiss Users Whenever we share information of European Economic Area (“EEA”), United Kingdom (“UK”), or Swiss users outside the EEA or Switzerland we make sure an adequate transfer mechanism is in place. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, Cloze commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EEA individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF should first contact Cloze. Advisory: For UK and Swiss individuals, please note that we are waiting for the UK and Switzerland to approve adequacy decisions for the UK Extension to the EU-US DPF and the Swiss-US DPF, respectively. For the time being, we continue to rely on alternative valid data transfer mechanisms deemed appropriate by the relevant authorities to transfer data collected from Switzerland and the UK to the U.S., such as standard contractual clauses and the UK International Data Transfer Agreement or Addendum, as appropriate. With respect to the Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework, Cloze is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Cloze may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Lawful Bases for Processing We will only collect and process Personal Information about you where we have lawful bases. Our lawful bases include consent (where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, such as when you purchase a Premium Service) and our legitimate interests (such as to comply with applicable laws and enable or administer our business). Information for California Residents If you are a California resident under 18 years of age and a registered user of our Services, you may request that we remove content and information that you publicly post on our Services. To obtain removal of such content and information, please send us an email at privacy@cloze.com with a short description of the content or information you would like to have removed. Please note that such a request does not necessarily ensure complete or comprehensive removal of content posted by you, since the content and information may remain in our databases, may remain visible in a manner that does not identify you, or may have been re-posted by another user. Third Party Platform Policies Some Third Party Providers require we explicitly reference their terms. Changes to our Privacy Policy Cloze may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page with an “effective date” indicating when the changes will take effect. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. If you have questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: privacy@cloze.com. Questions? Please contact us at privacy@cloze.com if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy. Copyright © 2023 Cloze, Inc. CLOZE is a service mark and trademark of Cloze, Inc. All rights reserved.