 Welcome to the ! Please enjoy our special offers for you Samsung Search Cart Number of Products : Log In Open My Menu Hamburger Your cart is empty. OK Layer Popup Close Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart. OK Layer Popup Close Remove a Product Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed.Are you sure to remove this product? Move to wish list Delete Layer Popup Close Check Preferences Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences. YES LATER Close Check Preferences Your cart is empty. OK Layer Popup Close Your cart is empty. OK Layer Popup Close Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart. OK Layer Popup Close Sorry, there is insufficient stock for your cart. Remove a Product Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed.Are you sure to remove this product? Move to wish list Delete Layer Popup Close Remove a Product Without this product, applied coupon or promotion code cannot be redeemed.Are you sure to remove this product? Move to wish list Delete Check Preferences Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences. YES LATER Close Check Preferences Check Preferences Help us to make recommendations for you by updating your product preferences. YES LATER Close Check Preferences Close Search Samsung.com Cancel Suggested Searches NO SUGGESTIONS Search History Clear All Related Searches Matched Contents Suggested Searches NO SUGGESTIONS Search History Clear All Search History Related Searches Matched Contents Galaxy Note Galaxy Z Flip Galaxy S The Frame QLED 8K Galaxy A Certified Re-Newed In addition to this Privacy Policy, we provide additional information about our privacy practices related to particular Services where appropriate. You can review such information before enabling such Services, where applicable. Click on the links below to learn more: Information We Obtain We may obtain the following personal information about you when you interact with us, including but not limited to when you purchase a Samsung product, create a Samsung Account, register for or use a Service, contact Customer Support, visit a Samsung retail location, or while attending an event: We may obtain certain information about you from publicly or commercially-available sources and from third parties who perform services for us. We also may obtain other information about you, your devices, and your use of the Services, in ways we describe at the time we collect the information or otherwise with your consent. Our Services collect some data automatically when you use the Services. We may obtain information by automated means, such as through browser cookies, pixels, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies. Among other purposes, these technologies help us (1) remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it, (2) track and understand how you use and interact with the Services, (3) tailor the Services around your preferences, (4) manage and measure the usability of the Services, (5) understand the effectiveness of our communications, and (6) otherwise enhance the Services. In addition to the categories of information obtained by Samsung discussed above, our Services may generate data automatically when you use certain Services (e.g. Samsung’s face-clustering technology that allows the device to group together images of the same face from different photographs (“Face-Clustering Data”)), or may utilize data that you generate independently (e.g. registering biometric data such as fingerprints to unlock your device or verify you in certain Services, or when you register your wake-up command in our Bixby Voice service). All of this data remains on the device and is not transmitted to Samsung, nor does Samsung obtain or access this data. Samsung does not share this data with third parties. Face-Clustering Data will remain on your device until you clear the cache in your system settings, you reset your device to its factory setting, or you delete the photos from your device. You can delete your registered biometric data or your wake-up command from your device at any time in the applicable settings. Because Samsung does not have access to this data, Samsung cannot delete it. Through certain Services, both we and various third parties may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. Because Samsung participates in various advertising networks, you may also see our ads on other websites or mobile apps. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users’ inferred interests, and browsing context. These networks can track users’ online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of browser cookies, web beacons, pixels, device identifiers, server logs, and other similar technologies. The networks use this information to show ads that may be tailored to individuals’ interests, to track users’ browsers or devices across multiple websites and apps, and to build a profile of users’ online browsing and app usage activities. The information the ad networks may collect includes data about users’ visits to websites and apps that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites or apps. This data collection takes place both on certain Services and on third-party websites and apps that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. How We Use the Information We Obtain We may use the personal information we obtain to: We may combine information we obtain about you for the purposes described above. We also may use the information we obtain in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection or otherwise with your consent. Information Sharing We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates and with service providers who perform services for us. We do not authorize our service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may share your personal information with our business partners, such as wireless carriers, as well as third parties who operate apps and services that connect with certain Services. This kind of sharing may be considered a “sale” under certain state privacy laws. We may share personal information we collect through the Services if you ask us to do so or otherwise with your consent. We also may disclose information about you in other circumstances, including: Links to Other Websites, Devices, Apps, And Features The Services may provide the ability to connect to other websites, devices, apps, and other features, which may operate independently from us and may have their own privacy notices or policies. We strongly suggest you review them. To the extent any linked website, device, app, or other feature is not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for its content, use, or privacy practices. Your Rights and Choices We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you. The Services may offer choices related to the collection, deletion, and sharing of certain information and communications about products, services, and promotions that are unique to specific Services. You can access the relevant settings of each Service to learn about choices that may be available for that Service. If you decline to allow the Services to collect, store, or share certain information, you may not be able to enjoy full use of all of the features available through the Services. Subject to applicable law and to the extent applicable to each Service, you may (1) request access to, or correction or deletion of, the personal information we maintain about you; (2) request that we limit our use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information; or (3) opt out of the (a) sale of your personal information, (b) sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes, or (c) processing of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes. In addition, subject to applicable law, you may receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, certain of your personal information that you have provided to us. Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to have this information transmitted to another company, where it is technically feasible. Notice to California Residents How We Protect Personal Information We maintain safeguards designed to protect personal information we obtain through the Services. Children’s Personal Information Updates To This Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to the Services. We will indicate at the top of the policy when it was most recently updated. How To Contact Us You can contact us to update your preferences, update or correct your information, submit a request, or ask us questions at: open Fast, easy checkout with Shop Samsung App Easy sign-in, Samsung Pay, notifications, and more! Or continue shopping on Samsung.com × The Shop Samsung app Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options. The Shop Samsung app Free standard shipping, exclusive offers and financing options. CANCEL Select CONTINUE to visit HP's website.