Product Learn the basics Trusted by 2M+ businesses Build flexible workflows Explore 6,000+ app connections TablesNo-code databases built for Zaps No-code databases built for Zaps InterfacesbetaCustom pages to power your Zaps beta Custom pages to power your Zaps ChatbotsbetaEasy to build, no code required Easy to build, no code required AI featuresbetaAccess our latest AI-powered features Access our latest AI-powered features Solutions How Zapier’s RevOps team automates lead management Using AI & Zapier in Marketing, Sales, & RevOps Resources & Support Create your first Zap with ease Developer resources Pricing Loading Supplemental Privacy Statements This Zapier Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) describes how Zapier, Inc. and our affiliated entities collect, use, process, and share your personally identifiable information. This Statement describes your choices regarding any applicable rights of access, deletion, and correction of your personal information. Where we refer to “information” in this Privacy Statement, it means any information that relates to an identified person. We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time and provide notice to you as described below in the section titled “Notice of Changes.” Our Services are not directed at children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, you may not use the Services or provide your information to us through the Site or otherwise. We collect or receive information in the ways we describe in this section. Categories of Information We Collect Information You Provide Us: When you sign up to create an account in the Service, download content from the Site, fill out a form or survey or respond to communications, you provide us with information like your name, email address, address, company, phone number or other information. When you register for a community or a partner program, we collect account registration information like your name, email address, address, company, phone number, or other information. You may provide comments, communications, feedback, ratings, or other information when you use the Services or any of our communities or partner programs. Content You Provide Through Our Site: If the Site or our social media platform pages allow you to upload content or information, we will collect the content or information you upload. For example, when you provide feedback, participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, activities, or events, you may provide us information or content. Information You Provide Through Support Channels or Communities: You may provide information or content to us through the customer support or chat functionality we make available on the Site, in the Services, or other sites that we control. When you engage with our support team, in addition to your account information, we may ask you to provide additional information about your issue, which may include information about your technology, software, internet connection, or screenshots. To submit information to a community site, we may require you to create an account within the community (we will collect your account registration information like name, email, company, address, and phone number). If you have an account in the Services, we will associate your community membership and activities with your Services account. As a community member, you and other members may submit questions, provide answers, engage with members through chat or comments, create content or webinars to share with the community, or solicit feedback or help from other community members. Marketing Information: We receive information about you directly from you when you engage with the Site and automatically when you engage with the Site or open or click the emails we send you (See Information You Provide Us and Cookies and Other Tracking Technology). We receive information from third-party sources like lead generation providers, content sponsors, event sponsors, or social media platforms. The information we collect from third-party sources may include marketing or demographic information, contact information (name, email, company, address, job title), information about your profile on those platforms, or information about purchasing intent. We may combine this information with the information we collect. Partner Programs: We have several partner programs that we make available: our developer platform program (which allows third-party application providers to build integrations to Zapier) and our expert program (which connects experts who help our customers set up and use the Services). Partners may also help us to market and promote our Services, generate leads, or they may resell our Services. We may add partner programs in the future. Through partner programs, we collect account registration information (like name, email address, company, and phone number), information about an individual’s technical skill set, comments, questions or feedback, rating or ranking information, images, content, or other information you provide. We may also receive information from our partners (like business contact information, address, job title, email address, or phone number). We will combine the information you provide and the information we receive with your account information. Payment Processing Information: When you create a paid account within the Services or otherwise initiate a transaction with us, we will use a third-party payment processor to process the payment. We do not collect your credit card number, expiration date, or pin number. The transaction details we retain are those details that allow us to verify that you paid for the Services or transaction, including price, currency, date of payment, payment method, name, and account name. We will combine that information with your account information. Technical, Device, and Connection Information: When you use the Services or interact with our Site, we automatically collect information about the device you use to access the Site or Services. When you interact with our branded social media sites, the social media platform automatically collects information and provides it to us. This information includes information that identifies you and connection type, settings, operating system, browser type, internet protocol (IP) address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. Cookies and Other Tracking Technology: We use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other tracking technology on the Site and in the Services to provide functionality, personalize your experience and recognize you across services or devices. This information includes IP addresses, location, device type, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, click data, device-identifying data. We may combine this automatically collected information with other information that you provide us through other channels. You can learn more about our cookies in the Cookie Notice statement. When you interact with our social media sites, the social media platform automatically collects information and provides it to us. Other Information Sources: We receive information about you from other sources like third-party service providers, public databases, and our business and channel partners. This information may include business contact information, address, job title, email address, phone number. We may combine this information with information we collect through other means. We use the information we collect for the following purposes: We may share information when one of the following circumstances applies: With your Consent: We may share your information with companies, organizations, and other third parties with your consent or to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the information. With our Partners: We may share information with our partners (including resellers, referral, integration partners, experts in our community, or developer platform partners) for the purposes of the partnership agreement or to enable our partner programs. To Provide the Services, Partner Programs, or Communities: We may share your information with your teammates, account administrators, billing, or technical account users. We will also share your information with third-party applications (at your direction or the direction of an account owner) when an account holder uses the Services. To deliver the Site, Services, partner programs, or communities, we may share your information with our service providers. If you participate in our partner programs or communities, we may share your information with other partners, community members, customers, or other users (like when you comment or share information, rate an expert, or express interest in a partner integration). For Business Purposes: We provide information to vendors and services providers to help us provide the Site, Services, partner programs and communities, and for our business purposes. Examples of our service providers include hosting or infrastructure providers, chat widgets, helpdesk ticket providers, website hosts, customer relationship management providers, email providers, collaboration tools, and other service providers. To Market our Services or Partner Programs: We may share information that you provide us with third-party service providers who help us market our Services or our partner programs. These service providers may provide virtual or live events, email marketing tools, sales engagement, or lead generation tools. For Corporate Transactions: We may share personal data with actual or prospective acquirers, their representatives, and other relevant participants in, or during negotiations of, any sale, merger, acquisition, restructuring, divestiture, or change in control involving all or a portion of our business or assets, including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings. If we undergo a sale or corporate restructure, we may disclose information to a buyer or other successor in interest. With Third-Party Widgets: If you click on a widget or social media feature, like the Twitter “tweet” button or Facebook “like” button, these widgets will share information with the widget provider (like IP address, the which page you are visiting on the Services and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function correctly). Data Security. Zapier takes reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, taking into account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data. However, no application, Internet, or email transmission is ever fully secure or error-free, and we do not guarantee the security of any personal information. You are also responsible for ensuring that your account and the passwords we provide you are protected. Data Storage and International Data Transfers. Information that we collect from the Site will be transferred to, and processed in the United States and in any other country where Zapier or its affiliates, subsidiaries or third party service providers maintain facilities or personnel. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country (and, in some cases, may not be as protective). We follow applicable data protection laws when transferring personal data.If you are resident in or a visitor from the EEA, United Kingdom or Switzerland, we will protect your Personal Information when it is transferred outside of such locations by processing it in a territory which the European Commission has determined provides an adequate level of protection for Personal Information; or otherwise implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your Personal Information, including through the use of Standard Contractual Clauses or another lawful transfer mechanism approved by the European Commission. Zapier complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (the UK Extension) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Zapier’s compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension. In cases of onward transfer of personal information to third parties of data of EU, Swiss and UK individuals received pursuant to the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S DPF and the UK Extension, and in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principals, Zapier will remain liable. In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. DPF, and the UK Extension, Zapier commits to refer unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, the Swiss-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your DPF Principles-related complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your DPF Principles-related complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-data-privacy-framework for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you. As a last resort, and in limited situations, EU, Swiss, and UK individuals may invoke binding arbitration from the E.U.-U.S. DPF Panel for complaints regarding DPF compliance not resolved by any of the DPF Mechanisms: https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/article/ANNEX-I-introduction-dpf?tabset-35584=2. The Services, the Site, and our business may change from time to time. As a result, we may make changes to this Privacy Statement. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Statement at any time and from time to time. If we make changes to this Privacy Statement, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page and the date these terms were last revised. If we make material changes, we will notify you through the Services user interface, as a pop up on the Site, in an email notification, or through other reasonable means. Your continued use of the Site or Services after the date any such notice constitutes your acceptance of the modifications. If you have any questions or comments about this notice, how we collect and use your information, your choices or rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Phone: (877) 381-8743 Postal Address: Zapier, Inc. Attn: Legal Department/Privacy 548 Market St. #62411, San Francisco, CA 94104-5401; Attn: Legal. Change Log Date of Change: March 4, 2021 Description of Change:Updates made to the Privacy Statement to Follow us Zapier © 2023 Zapier Inc.