This policy details how data about you is used when you access our websites and services, including via our mobile applications (together, "CL") or interact with us. If we update it, we will revise the date, place notices on CL if changes are material, and/or obtain your consent as required by law. Below is a list of all the types of data we have collected in the last 12 months, where we got it, why we collected it and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed it. We do not sell your data to third parties. Please note that disclosure to "Payment processors" applies when you pay for a craigslist post using a credit card. Data type Where we got it Why collected Disclosed to We may share some or all of the above listed data in the following circumstances: Right to know: You have the right to request that we disclose the data we collect, use and disclose, and other information relating to data we collect about you. Right to know: Right to delete: You have the right to request the deletion of data that we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Right to delete: Right to non-discrimination: You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising the rights listed above. Right to non-discrimination: Only you, or someone you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request to know or delete your data. An authorized agent may make a request on your behalf by providing written permission signed by you. We will need to confirm your identity before processing your request by asking you to log into your existing account (if you are a registered user) or by asking you for additional information, such as a government issued ID, to confirm your identity against information we have already collected. If you are a registered CL user under the age of 18, you may request (via eraser@craigslist.org) and obtain removal of content or information publicly posted on CL. Please note that removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of said content or information from the Internet. By accessing CL or providing us data, you agree we may use and disclose data we collect as described here or as communicated to you, transmit it outside your resident jurisdiction, and store it on servers in the United States. For more information please contact our privacy officer at privacy@craigslist.org . If you have any questions or concerns about CL's privacy policy and practices please email privacy@craigslist.org . craigslist CL