About Vision, values & history Press & Media Contact, media & assets Careers Join the team Contact Us Get in touch Mojeek Ads Reach new audiences Web Search API Embedded web search Site Search API Embedded site search Simple Search Boxes Extensible search widgets Support Support guides & information Browsers Browser guides Mobile Mobile guides API Docs Developer documentation Blog Latest updates from us Community Join the discussion Newsletter Get updates by email  Privacy Policy This privacy policy by Mojeek Limited, explains our stance on personal information, in regard to cookies, tracking, logging, data usage, contact information and any links to third parties. Mojeek follows a strict no tracking privacy policy, and it's quite simple, we don't track our users. In fact, Mojeek was the first ever no tracking/privacy orientated search engine, as can be seen on archive.org and our original from when Mojeek was just a side project. Cookie Policy By default and unless specifically agreed to, Mojeek doesn't place any on your computer. If Mojeek does require to place a cookie, your agreement will be requested, for example when setting personal preferences. Also at any time, visiting will list what cookies Mojeek has on your computer, their contents, and an explanation of their values. From that page you can also instruct Mojeek to delete any cookie we have placed. Tracking and Logging Policy Mojeek doesn't implement any kind of specific user tracking, whether that be at the time of visit or subsequently via standard logs, which Mojeek does keep indefinitely. These logs contain the time of visit, page requested, possibly referral data, and located in a separate log browser information. IP addresses are not recorded, instead the IP address is replaced with a simple two letter code indicating the visitors country of origin. By doing this, Mojeek removes any possibility of tracking or identifying any particular user. We use a URL parameter to monitor if a campaign landing page visit results in a Mojeek search request. This parameter is visible in the URL and is not used after the first search. Data Usage The remaining log data (country, time/date, page requested, referral data, and in a separate log browser data), which although now contains no identifiable data, would still in no situation whatsoever be sold or distributed to any third party vendors. This data is kept private for the sole purpose of storing historical traffic volumes and country demographics of our visitors. We may also use aggregate, non-personal search data to improve our results. Contact Information We only use your name and email address for the purpose of responding to contact requests that you have made through our Contact page, or for communications regarding registration with the . We do not use these details for any other purpose. Furthermore, under , we respect that if you request and no longer give consent to us possessing your name and email address for contact reason, we will delete this data. Other Websites The Mojeek website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website. When you proceed to other websites via our links, our privacy policy is void. Third Parties We do not outsource any development of Mojeek to third parties; all development is kept in-house. We pride ourselves on limiting the number of third party products and services that Mojeek consumes. If you have any further questions please , we'll be happy to answer any questions or concerns you may have.