AboutVision, values & history Vision, values & history Press & MediaContact, media & assets Contact, media & assets CareersJoin the team Join the team Contact UsGet in touch Get in touch Mojeek AdsReach new audiences Reach new audiences Web Search APIEmbedded web search Embedded web search Site Search APIEmbedded site search Embedded site search Simple Search BoxesExtensible search widgets Extensible search widgets SupportSupport guides & information Support guides & information BrowsersBrowser guides Browser guides MobileMobile guides Mobile guides API DocsDeveloper documentation Developer documentation BlogLatest updates from us Latest updates from us CommunityJoin the discussion Join the discussion NewsletterGet updates by email Get updates by email Ads: Advertising content on Mojeek including, but not limited to, URLs and text. Content: means any and all text, images, and any other form of information that appears on, or forms part of, Our Services. Terms: All terms of this “Terms of Service” We/Us/Our: Mojeek Limited, a company registered in England under 06918197, whose registered address is High Street, Croydon, CR9 2UU. You/Your: individual or entity using Our Services. By using Our Services You accept these Terms. These Terms are in the English language only. We make no representations about the quality or availability of Our Services or anything else and exclude all warranties and guarantees (statutory, express, implied, or otherwise) to the greatest extent allowed under applicable law. You access and use Our Services entirely at your own risk. All aspects of Our performance and services are "as is," "as available," and "with all faults." To the greatest extent allowed under applicable law, neither party is liable for any special, incidental, consequential, exemplary, punitive, or other indirect damages under or in connection with these Terms (including for loss of data or profits), foreseeable or not, regardless of the theory of liability. We will not be liable for any failure or delay in performing Our obligations where that failure or delay results from any cause that is beyond Our reasonable control. Such causes include, but are not limited to: power failure, internet service provider failure, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action by third parties, riots and other civil unrest, fire, explosion, flood, storms, earthquakes, subsidence, acts of terrorism (threatened or actual), acts of war (declared, undeclared, threatened, actual, or preparations for war), epidemic or other natural disaster, or any other event that is beyond Our reasonable control. These Terms, and the relationship between You and Us (whether contractual or otherwise) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. Any disputes concerning these Terms, the relationship between You and Us, or any matters arising therefrom or associated therewith (whether contractual or otherwise) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Thank you for reading to the end. We hope that you find our Services useful. Since we we don't collect personal data from people using Mojeek search these terms are certainly shorter and simpler than other similar terms, when they are provided.