Learn how Helena Express protects your privacy. We don’t sell your data; however, information about you might be stored with companies we work with, or stored by Helena Express on our own servers. For local courier services, your to and from addresses may be transmitted to a third party GIS/mapping provider in order to calculate distance, travel time, and other information needed to calculate cost. This does not include any personal information besides street address. Some of this address information may also be transmitted to our postage provider, which provides us with address validation services to ensure our records are correct. Some basic information about your package is stored in our servers; this usually includes the to and from addresses, the tracking number, and tracking events generated by Helena Express or provided to us by the actual carrier. For notary services, your name, signature, and other information gathered during the notarization process is retained in a notary journal for at least ten years, as required by Montana state law. We do not record or store drivers license, ID card, or passport numbers. Our website(s) and app(s) use analytics tracking technology to give us insights in how you are using our services. We can see information such as your IP address, pages you visit, files you access, tracking numbers you look up, and the type of device and browser you are using. To safeguard your privacy, this information is not sent to any third party. You can opt out of analytics by turning off the analytics switch in the Helena Express app or by turning on Do-Not-Track (DNT) in your browser. Information we collect is, by necessity, shared with Netsyms Technologies, which has the same owner as Helena Express. Netsyms Technologies provides server and technology infrastructure to Helena Express, and as a result data we collect is stored on computers belonging to Netsyms Technologies. If we need to make changes to this privacy policy that could reduce your privacy, and you have an account with us, we’ll send you an email notifying you of the changes. Otherwise we won’t bother you about changes. Leave this box empty 