Close Search Skip to main content Research Overview Index GPT-4 DALL·E 3 API Data privacy Pricing Docs ChatGPT Enterprise Try ChatGPT Safety Company About Blog Careers Residency Charter Security Customer stories Log in Menu Search Submit Privacy policy UpdatedNovember 14, 2023 November 14, 2023 Effective: January 31, 2024 We at OpenAI OpCo, LLC (together with our affiliates, “OpenAI”, “we”, “our” or “us”) respect your privacy and are strongly committed to keeping secure any information we obtain from you or about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices with respect to Personal Information we collect from or about you when you use our website, applications, and services (collectively, “Services”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to content that we process on behalf of customers of our business offerings, such as our API. Our use of that data is governed by our customer agreements covering access to and use of those offerings. 1. Personal information we collect We collect personal information relating to you (“Personal Information”) as follows: Personal Information You Provide: We collect Personal Information if you create an account to use our Services or communicate with us as follows: Personal Information We Receive Automatically From Your Use of the Services: When you visit, use, or interact with the Services, we receive the following information about your visit, use, or interactions (“Technical Information”): 2. How we use personal information We may use Personal Information for the following purposes: Aggregated or De-Identified Information. We may aggregate or de-identify Personal Information so that it may no longer be used to identify you and use such information to analyze the effectiveness of our Services, to improve and add features to our Services, to conduct research and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may analyze the general behavior and characteristics of users of our Services and share aggregated information like general user statistics with third parties, publish such aggregated information or make such aggregated information generally available. We may collect aggregated information through the Services, through cookies, and through other means described in this Privacy Policy. We will maintain and use de-identified information in anonymous or de-identified form and we will not attempt to reidentify the information, unless required by law. 3. Disclosure of personal information In certain circumstances we may provide your Personal Information to third parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law:Vendors and Service Providers: To assist us in meeting business operations needs and to perform certain services and functions, we may provide Personal Information to vendors and service providers, including providers of hosting services, customer service vendors, cloud services, email communication software, web analytics services, and other information technology providers, among others. Pursuant to our instructions, these parties will access, process, or store Personal Information only in the course of performing their duties to us.Business Transfers: If we are involved in strategic transactions, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, or transition of service to another provider (collectively, a “Transaction”), your Personal Information and other information may be disclosed in the diligence process with counterparties and others assisting with the Transaction and transferred to a successor or affiliate as part of that Transaction along with other assets.Legal Requirements: We may share your Personal Information, including information about your interaction with our Services, with government authorities, industry peers, or other third parties (i) if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, (ii) to protect and defend our rights or property, (iii) if we determine, in our sole discretion, that there is a violation of our terms, policies, or the law; (iv) to detect or prevent fraud or other illegal activity; (v) to protect the safety, security, and integrity of our products, employees, or users, or the public, or (vi) to protect against legal liability.Affiliates: We may disclose Personal Information to our affiliates, meaning an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with OpenAI. Our affiliates may use the Personal Information we share in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.Business Account Administrators: When you join a ChatGPT Enterprise or business account, the administrators of that account may access and control your OpenAI account. In addition, if you create an account using an email address belonging to your employer or another organization, we may share the fact that you have an OpenAI account and certain account information, such as your email address, with your employer or organization to, for example, enable you to be added to their business account.Other Users and Third Parties You Share Information With: Certain features allow you to display or share information with other users or third parties. For example, you may share ChatGPT conversations with other users via shared links or send information to third-party applications via custom actions for GPTs. Be sure you trust any user or third party with whom you share information. In certain circumstances we may provide your Personal Information to third parties without further notice to you, unless required by the law: 4. Your rights Depending on location, individuals may have certain statutory rights in relation to their Personal Information. For example, you may have the right to: 5. Additional U.S. state disclosures The following table provides additional information about the categories of Personal Information we collect and how we disclose that information. You can read more about the Personal Information we collect in “Personal information we collect” above, how we use Personal Information in “How we use personal information” above, and how we retain Personal Information in “Security and Retention” below. Category of Personal InformationDisclosure of Personal InformationIdentifiers, such as your name, contact details, IP address, and other device identifiersWe may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; to parties involved in Transactions; to corporate administrators of enterprise or team accounts; and to other users and third parties you choose to share it with.Commercial Information, such as your transaction historyWe may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; to parties involved in Transactions; and to corporate administrators of enterprise or team accounts.Network Activity Information, such as Content and how you interact with our ServicesWe may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; to parties involved in Transactions; and to other users and third parties you choose to share it with.Geolocation DataWe may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; and to parties involved in Transactions.Your account login credentials and payment card information (Sensitive Personal Information)We disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions. Identifiers, such as your name, contact details, IP address, and other device identifiers We may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; to parties involved in Transactions; to corporate administrators of enterprise or team accounts; and to other users and third parties you choose to share it with. Commercial Information, such as your transaction history We may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; to parties involved in Transactions; and to corporate administrators of enterprise or team accounts. Network Activity Information, such as Content and how you interact with our Services We may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; to parties involved in Transactions; and to other users and third parties you choose to share it with. Geolocation Data We may disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers to process in accordance with our instructions; to law enforcement and other third parties for the legal reasons described above; and to parties involved in Transactions. Your account login credentials and payment card information (Sensitive Personal Information) We disclose this information to our affiliates, vendors and service providers, law enforcement, and parties involved in Transactions. To the extent provided for by local law and subject to applicable exceptions, individuals may have the following privacy rights in relation to their Personal Information: We don’t “sell” Personal Information or “share” Personal Information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising (as those terms are defined under applicable local law). We also don’t process sensitive Personal Information for the purposes of inferring characteristics about a consumer. Verification. In order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, change, or deletion, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a request to know, correct, or delete Personal Information. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity, we may ask you to provide additional Personal Information and proof of residency for verification. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not be able to honor your request. Appeals. Depending on where you live, you may have the right to appeal a decision we make relating to requests to exercise your rights under applicable local law. To appeal a decision, please send your request to dsar@openai.com. 6. Children Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 13. OpenAI does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to OpenAI through the Service, please email us at legal@openai.com. We will investigate any notification and if appropriate, delete the Personal Information from our systems. If you are 13 or older, but under 18, you must have permission from your parent or guardian to use our Services. 7. Links to other websites The Service may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by OpenAI, including social media services (“Third Party Sites”). The information that you share with Third Party Sites will be governed by the specific privacy policies and terms of service of the Third Party Sites and not by this Privacy Policy. By providing these links we do not imply that we endorse or have reviewed these sites. Please contact the Third Party Sites directly for information on their privacy practices and policies. 8. Security and Retention We implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect Personal Information both online and offline from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from us may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Service or email. In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third-party websites.We’ll retain your Personal Information for only as long as we need in order to provide our Service to you, or for other legitimate business purposes such as resolving disputes, safety and security reasons, or complying with our legal obligations. How long we retain Personal Information will depend on a number of factors, such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, our purpose for processing the information, and any legal requirements. We implement commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and organizational measures to protect Personal Information both online and offline from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from us may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via the Service or email. In addition, we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Service, or third-party websites. We’ll retain your Personal Information for only as long as we need in order to provide our Service to you, or for other legitimate business purposes such as resolving disputes, safety and security reasons, or complying with our legal obligations. How long we retain Personal Information will depend on a number of factors, such as the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, our purpose for processing the information, and any legal requirements. 9. International users By using our Service, you understand and acknowledge that your Personal Information will be processed and stored in our facilities and servers in the United States and may be disclosed to our service providers and affiliates in other jurisdictions. Legal Basis for Processing. Our legal bases for processing your Personal Information include: Data Transfers. Where required, we will use appropriate safeguards for transferring Personal Information outside of certain countries. We will only transfer Personal Information pursuant to a legally valid transfer mechanism. 10. Changes to the privacy policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post an updated version on this page, unless another type of notice is required by applicable law. 11. How to contact us Terms & policies Brand guidelines Twitter YouTube GitHub SoundCloud LinkedIn Back to top