Hinge homepage the Hinge app on Google Play Hinge on twitter Hinge on instagram Privacy OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU At Hinge, your privacy is a top priority. Your privacy is at the core of the way we design and build the services and products you know and love, so that you can fully trust them and focus on building meaningful connections. We appreciate that you put your trust in us when you provide us with your information, and we do not take this lightly. Our commitment to privacy. We design all of our products and services with your privacy in mind. We involve experts from various fields, including legal, security, engineering, product design and others to make sure that our decisions are taken with the utmost respect for your privacy. Our commitment to transparency. Because we use many of the same online services you do, we know that insufficient information and overly complicated language are common issues in privacy policies. We take the exact opposite approach: we’re doing our best to write our Privacy Policy and related documents in plain language. We actually want you to read our policies and understand our privacy practices! Our commitment to security. We have teams dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure. We constantly update our security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information. PRIVACY POLICY Welcome to Hinge’s Privacy Policy. Thank you for taking the time to read it. We appreciate that you trust us with your information and we intend to always keep that trust. This starts with making sure you understand the information we collect, why we collect it, how it is used and your choices regarding your information. This Policy describes our privacy practices in plain language, keeping legal and technical jargon to a minimum. 1. Who We Are If you live in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the company responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy (the “data controller”) is: MTCH Technology Services Limited1 Hatch Street Upper Dublin 2DublinD02 PY28Ireland If you live outside the EEA, the United Kingdom or Switzerland, the company responsible for your information is: Hinge, Inc. 809 Washington Street, Third Floor New York, NY 10014 2. Where This Privacy Policy Applies This Privacy Policy applies to websites, apps, events and other services we operate under the brand Hinge. For simplicity, we refer to all of these as our “services” in this Privacy Policy. To make it extra clear, we’ve added links to this Privacy Policy on all applicable services. Some services may require their own unique privacy policy. If a service has its own privacy policy, then that policy -- not this Privacy Policy -- applies. 3. Information We Collect It goes without saying, we can’t help you develop meaningful connections without some information about you, such as basic profile details and the types of people you’d like to meet. We also collect information about your use of our services such as access logs, as well as information from third parties, like when you access our services through your social media account or when you upload information from your social media account to complete your profile. If you want additional info, we go into more detail below. Information you give us You choose to give us certain information when using our services. This includes: Information we receive from others In addition to the information you may provide us directly, we receive information about you from others, including: Information generated or automatically collected when you use our services When you use our services, this generates technical data about which features you’ve used, how you’ve used them and the devices you use to access our services. See below for more details. Some web browsers (including Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox and Chrome) have a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) feature that tells a website that a user does not want to have his or her online activity tracked. If a website that responds to a DNT signal receives a DNT signal, the browser can block that website from collecting certain information about the browser’s user. Not all browsers offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. For this reason, many businesses, including Hinge, do not currently respond to DNT signals. 4. How We Use Information The main reason we use your information is to deliver and improve our services. Additionally, we use your info to help keep you and our community safe, and to provide you with advertising that may be of interest to you. Read on for a more detailed explanation of the various reasons for which we use your information, together with practical examples. A. To administer your account and provide our services to you B. To help you connect with other users C. To provide offers and operate advertising and marketing campaigns D. To improve our services and develop new ones E. To prevent, detect and fight fraud and other illegal or unauthorized activities F. To ensure legal compliance To process your information as described in this Privacy Policy, we rely on the following legal bases: 5. How We Share Information Since our goal is to help you make meaningful connections, the main sharing of users’ information is, of course, with other users. We also share some users’ information with service providers and partners who assist us in operating the services, with other Match Group companies for specified reasons as laid out below and, in some cases, legal authorities. Read on for more details about how your information is shared with others. 6. Cross-Border Data Transfers 7. Your Rights and Choices We want you to be in control of your information, so we want to remind you of the following options and tools available to you: Access / Update tools in the service Device permissions Uninstall Account closure We also want you to be aware of your privacy rights. Depending on where you live, you may have the right to: Access/know Delete/erase Correct/rectify/update Object/restrict For your protection and the protection of all of our users, we may ask you to provide proof of identity before we can answer the above requests. Keep in mind, we may reject requests, including if we are unable to authenticate you, if the request is unlawful or invalid, or if it may infringe on trade secrets or intellectual property or the privacy or other rights of someone else. If you wish to receive information relating to another user, such as a copy of any messages you received from them through our service, the other user will have to contact us to submit a separate request for their information. We may also ask them to provide proof of identity before we can answer the request. Also, we may not be able to accommodate certain requests to object to or restrict the processing of personal information, notably where such requests would not allow us to provide our service to you anymore. For instance, we cannot provide our service if we do not have your date of birth and thus cannot ensure that you are 18 years of age or older. 8. How Long We Retain Your Information We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for legitimate business purposes (as laid out in Section 4) and as permitted by applicable law. If you decide to stop using our services, you can close your account and your profile will stop being visible to other users. Note that we will close your account automatically if you are inactive for a period of two years. After your account is closed, we will delete your personal information, as laid out below: 9. No Children Allowed Our services are restricted to individuals who are 18 years of age or older. We do not permit individuals under the age of 18 on our platform. If you suspect that a user is under the age of 18, please use the reporting mechanism available on the service. 10. Job Candidates, Contractors and Vendor Representatives If you are a job applicant, the personal information we process about you may vary depending on the job you seek but typically includes what you provide to us as part of your job application as well as professional qualifications, background and reference information that recruiters or other third parties share with us. We use this information to support the recruitment process, which may lead to an employment contract. For contractors and vendor representatives, we may process identification information and work-related information, as necessary to manage our relationship with you and your employer, which is necessary for the performance of the services agreement, and to establish, exercise or defend potential legal claims. We may share personal information with service providers that assist us with recruitment and technical data processing operations as well as with Match Group companies (for instance if you have a business relationship with employees of an affiliate). We keep your personal information only as long as necessary for those purposes. 11. Privacy Policy Changes Because we’re always looking for new and innovative ways to help you build meaningful connections and strive to make sure explanations about our data practices remain up-to-date, this policy may change over time. We will notify you before any material changes take effect so that you have time to review the changes. 12. How to Contact Us If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you have different options below: If you live in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom or Switzerland: By post: MTCH Technology Services Limited1 Hatch Street UpperDublin 2DublinD02 PY28Ireland Hinge, Inc809 Washington Street, Third FloorNew York, NY 10014 © 2023 Hinge Inc. English (US) • Index Resources Legal