Privacy Policy

Intro
Hello! Welcome to the King Privacy Policy. This policy describes how King collects, uses, processes and shares information about you.

This Privacy Policy applies to your download, access and/or use of King Games, whether on your computer, on a mobile device, on our website www.king.com (the "Website") or any other website, device or platform (each a "Game" and together the “Games”). It also applies to our Marketing and Advertising activities on all platforms and other Services that we will provide to you from time to time including campaigns with influencers. This Privacy Policy also applies to any other Services that we may provide in relation to our Games or our Website, such as customer support, social media, community channels and other websites that we may operate from time to time such as candycrushsaga.com (we refer to all our Games and other services collectively as our "Services").

If you apply for a job at King, this Privacy Policy does not apply to you, you can visit the Candidate Privacy Notice here.

When you download, access and/or play our Games, or interact with our Websites or other Services you acknowledge the collection and use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including King’s and our advertising partners’ use of your data for targeted advertising purposes as described in the Marketing and Advertising sections of this Privacy Policy. Those sections also explain how you can opt in or out of the use of your personal information for targeted advertising purposes. If you have any concerns about providing information to us, or it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Games or other Services.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on 14.09.2023.

Playing our Games
When you download, access and/or play our Games or use our other Services, we collect information about you. Most of this information comes directly from you or your device, such as device information, country, region, and game-play information. We use this information to provide our Games and Services to you, including for the purposes of optimisation, preventing fraud, customising in-game offers and verifying purchases. We will also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising purposes.

Find out more
Visiting our Websites
When you visit our Websites, such as https://community.king.com, https://king.com, https://candycrushsaga.com, and other Websites operated by us (“Websites”), we collect information about you, such as details about how you use and interact with such Websites. We will use the information we collect about you for a number of purposes, including for operating and optimising the Websites, in connection with our advertising purposes, and for research or analysis.

Find out more
King Profile and Playing Socially
You can choose to use a third party social network (such as Facebook) to add information to your King Profile or to connect to your account. If you do this, then your personal information will be visible to other players and we’ll also use it for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Marketing and Advertising.

Find out more
Marketing
Where we record your preferences as permitting us to do so, (see further below on how to change your preferences) we and our third-party partners use information collected about you to send you marketing communications about our Games and other Services based on your interests. For example, we will send emails, serve ads within our Services or place ads on third party websites, apps and Internet-connected devices.

We will use the information that we hold about you to promote our Games and other Services or those of King’s Group Companies in a number of ways. This might include:

advertising within third party websites, apps and Internet-connect devices;
showing you promotions for other King or its Group Companies’ games in the Games you play; or
sending you marketing materials by email.
Find out more
Advertising
Our Games include advertising for third party products and services.

King and our advertising partners collect and use information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our Games.

King participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. King uses the Consent Management Platform (CMP) with the identification number 28.

Where applicable, we use a CMP to gather consent and permissions for our advertising based activity. Where local laws allow, we will opt you into targeted advertising by default. You can change your preferences at any time in the Privacy and Security settings of our Games.

Find out more
Ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies
To provide our Games and other Services, Websites and targeted advertising, we use ad identifiers, cookies and similar technologies. This section describes our use of these technologies and how you can manage your preferences.

Find out more
Your rights
You have certain rights in connection with your personal information and how we handle it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods set out in the Contact Us section below. Users located in the United States should review the US residents section below

Find out more
Children
In accordance with our Terms of Use you must be over a certain age to play our Games and use our Services, depending on where you live. For the full list of age restrictions by country, please see below. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from or direct or target interest-based advertising to anyone under the ages set out below or under 16 for California residents, or knowingly allow such persons to use our Games and Services. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age set out below, please Contact Us

Find out more
General
This Privacy Policy contains further details about:

who we share your information with and the reasons for sharing it;
measures we take to keep your information secure;
the legal basis under which we process your information;
how long we retain your information and where we store it;
when and why we share your information with third parties, including transfers outside of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”), the UK, Switzerland and Canada (including Quebec); and
changes or updates to our Privacy Policy.
Find out more
US residents
In addition to the information provided throughout this Privacy Policy, state privacy laws in the United States require that we disclose to consumers in those states additional information about the processing of their personal information. Below we describe the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information and, for each purpose, the categories of personal information we use and disclose and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the personal information.

Find out more
Contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about any of the matters in relation to this Privacy Policy, including to exercise any of your rights, then there are several ways of contacting us:

via our customer service page at https://soporto.king.com/contact;
if you have questions, please check our FAQs;
via email to privacy@support.king.com; or
in writing to King.com Ltd of Aragon House Business Centre, Level 4, Dragonara Road, St Julians STJ3140, Malta.
For information collected under this Privacy Policy, the data controller is King.com Limited. Our Data Protection Officer can be contacted here: dataprotectionofficer@king.com.