Javascript must be enabled for the correct page display Connect with a customer engagement expert to learn more Privacy Policy Last Updated October 21, 2022 Last Updated October 21, 2022 Your privacy is important to us and maintaining your trust is one of our highest priorities. This Privacy Policy includes a description of our information practices, how we use tracking technologies, as well as the decision you may make regarding how your information is collected and used. OneSignal, Inc., a U.S. company located at 2850 S Delaware St Suite 201, San Mateo, CA 94403 (“OneSignal” “we,” “us,” and “our”), provides this privacy policy because we believe that customers should have clear and comprehensive ways to understand how information about them and their end-users is collected and used to provide our service and our website. OneSignal is a customer engagement platform for companies around the world to enable relationships for them and their customers. This is primarily done by leveraging first party data to personalize and automate messaging through first party channels, such as email, SMS, mobile push notifications, web push notifications, and in-app messaging. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party sites or hosted services you may find or access through our website. If you submit personal information to any of those sites or services, your information will be governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any site you visit or hosted service you use. We use the SDK Information on behalf of our Clients, to provide a variety of Services to our Clients. This includes: Even when you no longer access the SDKs, we may continue to use and share your Information as described in this Privacy Policy. In addition to the uses described above, we use the OneSignal Website Information (alone or in combination) to provide, market, and operate the OneSignal Websites and Services. Among other things, by collecting the OneSignal Website Information, we are able to We may share the OneSignal Website Information as follows: OneSignal is the data controller for processing of certain Personal Data, such as the Personal Data of our client business contacts or the OneSignal Website Information. However, we act as a data processor (or service provider) in relation to the Services we provide to our Clients, such as when a Client deploys our technology in order to collect, process or transfer first party data. You may have the following privacy rights; You may in most cases opt out of receiving push notifications by going to your device “Settings” and clicking on “Notifications,” and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on your device. (Different device configurations, or updates to devices, may affect or change how these settings work.) Your choice to opt out of “Notifications” from the OneSignal platform will not affect ads placed by any other organization. You can opt out of many of the platforms and service providers that facilitate online interest-based advertising by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer education and opt-out page, at http://www.aboutads.info/. This type of opt out is cookie based and specific to each browser, which means that if you replace or upgrade your browser, or delete your cookies, you will need to opt out again. Opting out in this way will not prevent you from receiving ads – it will just make the ads you see less customized to you. You can opt out of having your mobile advertising identifiers used for certain types of interest-based (also called “cross-app”) mobile behavioral advertising, by accessing the “settings” on your Apple or Android mobile device, as follows: Clients may also provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the privacy policies for retailers, applications and websites to learn more about their privacy practices. Where you wish to enforce any of these rights in respect of our Services, you should contact the Client who provides you with the website or mobile application. We will then help them to fulfill that request in accordance with their instructions and applicable legal requirements. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you are a visitor to our Website from the EEA, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, where we process your Personal Data on behalf of a Client, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. If we process your Personal Data on behalf of a Client, we rely on our Client’s legal basis for processing your Personal Data on their behalf. As a California resident, you may have the rights listed below. However, these rights are not absolute, and in certain cases we may decline your request as permitted by law. You can make the following requests regarding your Personal Information: In cases where we process your information on behalf of a Client, you will need to exercise your rights directly with the Client, unless the Client allows us to respond to you directly. We have administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in place in our physical facilities and in our computer systems, databases, and communications networks that are designed to protect information contained within our systems from loss, misuse, or alteration. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or disclosures of websites and applications that use our Services. Likewise, when you access the OneSignal Website, you may be directed to other websites that are also beyond our control. We encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third parties and websites, and the industry tools that we have referenced in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy, however, only applies to the OneSignal Site and the Services. The Website and our Services are provided, supported in Europe and the United States. Our data is hosted and stored in Europe and our operation of them is governed by EU General Data Protection Regulations. If you are using the Site from outside the United States, be aware that your Information may be transferred to, stored and processed in Europe and accessed in the United States as well as other countries where our facilities are located. The data protection and other laws of the United States and Europe might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Site you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy. If you are located in the European Economic Area, the UK or Switzerland, we will protect your personal information when it is transferred outside of your jurisdiction by (a) processing it in a territory that provides an adequate level of protection based on its data protection laws; or (b) implementing appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information, such as relying on the European standard contractual clauses (and the UK addendum, if applicable). OneSignal currently relies on these European standard contractual clauses (“Model Clauses”) for data transfers. As of July 16, 2020, the European Court of Justice issued a judgement declaring Privacy Shield invalid. OneSignal now relies on other transfer mechanisms, such as the Model Clauses described above, for the cross-border transfer of data. OneSignal continues to comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. OneSignal has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, OneSignal commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact OneSignal at: privacy@OneSignal.com. OneSignal has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning data transferred from the EU and Switzerland. In the event we are unable to resolve your concern, a binding arbitration option may also be available to you in order to address residual complaints not resolved by any other means. OneSignal is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the United States Federal Trade Commission ("FTC"). If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy, the EU or Swiss Privacy Shield Principles and the Model Clauses discussed above, the Model Clauses control. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify this Privacy Policy or any portion thereof. Any changes will be effective from the time of publication of the new privacy policy. If we believe that the changes are material, we will let you know by doing one (or more) of the following: (i) posting the changes on or through the Services, (ii) sending you an email or message about the changes, or (iii) otherwise as required by applicable law. Your continued use of the Services after the changes have been implemented shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised privacy policy. Otherwise, and if the new privacy policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Services. We’ll get you going in a matter of minutes. Product Resources Developers Company OneSignal is the market leading self-serve customer engagement solution for Push Notifications, Email, SMS & In-App.