htdig_noindex breadcrumbs <tfour type="navigation" id="10"/> search form search /htdig_noindex ICECAP-O The ICECAP-O (ICEpop CAPability measure for Older people) is a measure of capability in older people for use in economic evaluation.  @ICECAPm ICECAP-O comprises five conceptual attributes (the item description are in brackets): (love and friendship) Attachment (thinking about the future without concern) Security (doing things that make you feel valued) Role (enjoyment and pleasure) Enjoyment (independence) Control Unlike most profile measures used in economic evaluations, the ICECAP-O focuses on wellbeing defined in a broader sense, rather than health. The measure covers attributes of wellbeing that were found to be important to older people in the UK. ICECAP-O is free to use, but the use of the measure must be registered with us first. More details on the registration, index values and applications of the ICECAP-O can be found on this website. The ICECAP-O descriptive system was developed in the UK using in-depth interviews with older people (aged 65+) and Framework analysis to generate conceptual attributes, with further semi-structured interviews to generate meaningful wording. A set of index values for the ICECAP-O have been estimated from a best-worst scaling study of older people in England. Anchors for the measure are at full capability and no capability. Qualitative and quantitative studies of the validity of the ICECAP-O have been conducted with both general population and patient samples. Before using ICECAP-O in your study please register with us first. You do not have to pay to use the measure, but please complete the Once you have completed the form please email a copy to . You can download a sample copy of the ICECAP-O questionnaire by clicking on the following link: ‌ Please remember to register with us before you start using the questionnaire If you have any questions about using ICECAP-O in your study please contact Download the Stata code to score the ICECAP-O instrument Mirjam van Manen from Erasmus University Medical Centre, Rotterdam, has developed the following syntax for scoring ICECAP-O in SPSS. Whilst we are sharing this syntax as a common resource, it is the responsibility of individual research teams to check the accuracy of the syntax should they choose to use it. See translations See References Related links