Sign in ADT Smart Business Manage your ADT Smart Business system by logging into our web portal. Sign in Online payments Make a payment to your account online. Help & Support Residential Business Menu Home Security Systems Packages Burglar Alarm ADT Smart Home Pet Friendly CCTV Product add-ons Video Doorbell Smoke Detector Indoor Camera Two-Way Audio Smart Camera Outdoor Camera Smart Plugs Switch to us When it comes to protecting the people and possessions that matter most to you, why compromise? Find out more How ADT Works Monitoring Plans Keyholder Response Police Response Private Security Response Service & Maintenance Installation Process ADT Smart Services app The Benefits of ADT Want to improve the safety and security of your home? Here’s why to choose ADT. Find out more Moving Home Moving Home If you're an existing customer, let us know if you're moving to a new house. Learn more New to ADT Spotted one of our alarms on your new house? Just fill out our form to reconnect with us. Learn more Tips on how to make moving house easier Moving house can be one of life's most exciting events, but also one of the more stressful. We have a few ideas to help make the process a little simpler. Read now About Us ADT Reviews Still unsure? See what our happy customers have to say about our exceptional services. Learn more About us We’ve been around for a while. Find out what separates us from the rest, and why we’re so enduring. Learn more Security advice that goes further Our professionals share their years of expertise with in-depth articles offering expert security advice for your home or business. Read more Crime In My Area Crime In My Area Criminals don't discriminate against location, which is why it's so important to protect your property and possessions. See the level of crime recorded by the police in your area Learn more Search by city Crime In London Crime In Nottingham Crime In Liverpool Crime In Leicester Crime In Bristol Crime In Leeds Crime In Sheffield Crime In Derby Existing Customers Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us Video Tutorials MyADT app Manage and update your ADT account information on the MyADT app Find out more ADT Smart Home Manage your ADT Smart Home system by logging into our web portal. Sign in Menu Get a free quote Home Business Security Products Intruder detection CCTV Fire & Smoke Alarms Access control Security fog Thermiscan Packages ADT Smart Business Switch to us When it comes to protecting the people and possessions that matter most to you, why compromise? Find out more Industries ADT For Business Retail Trading Units & Factories Office Spaces Education & Healthcare Hospitality & Leisure Monitoring Benefits of monitoring Response packages Service & Maintenance Remote Operating Centre Menu Crime In My Area Crime In My Area Criminals don't discriminate against location, which is why it's so important to protect your property and possessions. See the level of crime recorded by the police in your area Learn more Search by city Crime In London Crime In Nottingham Crime In Liverpool Crime In Leicester Crime In Bristol Crime In Leeds Crime In Sheffield Crime In Derby Existing Customers Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us MyADT app Manage and update your ADT account information on the MyADT app Find out more ADT Smart Business Manage your ADT Smart Business system by logging into our web portal. Sign in Why ADT Get a free quote Home Security Systems Packages Products Monitoring Monitoring Plans Service & Maintenance Moving Home Moving Home New to ADT About Us ADT Reviews About Us Crime In My Area Crime In My Area Crime In Bristol Crime In Derby Crime In Leeds Crime In Leicester Crime In Liverpool Crime In London Crime In Nottingham Crime In Sheffield Existing Customers Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us Video Tutorials MyADT App ADT Smart Home Home Products Intruder detection CCTV Fire & Smoke Alarms Access control Security fog Thermiscan Packages ADT Smart Business Industries ADT For Business Retail Trading Units & Factories Office Spaces Education & Healthcare Hospitality & Leisure Monitoring Benefits of monitoring Response packages Service & Maintenance Switch to us Blog Crime In My Area Crime In My Area Crime In Bristol Crime In Derby Crime In Leeds Crime In Leicester Crime In Liverpool Crime In London Crime In Nottingham Crime In Sheffield Existing Customers Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us MyADT App ADT Smart Home Why ADT HomeExisting CustomersADT Home SecurityContract Information Go Home Security Contract Information This page contains user guides to help you understand your system and answers some of the most commonly asked questions you might have about your contract with ADT. FAQs How do I get a copy of my contract? If you require a copy of your contract please email our team at adtuk.servdocketreqs@tycoint.com What type of service level is included in my contract? You can find out what service level is included in your contract by checking your sales agreement which was emailed to you. This is shown on page 1 under the section System and Service details. What is included as part of my service and maintenance plan? Our range of service and maintenance plans ensure that your system(s) remain in good working condition and remains to protect what matters most to you. We have three different levels of service and maintenance plans: Standard: Includes routine service and maintenance with 24/7/365 call out service Standard Plus: Includes all the benefits of a Standard plan, plus call out charges Comprehensive: Includes all the benefits of Standard plus along with free fitting of replacement parts for normal wear and tear. For full details of each plan click on the links below. Service Plans - Intruder Service Plans - CCTV Will I be charged for call outs? With our Comprehensive and Standard plus plans engineer call out charges are included, however the following exceptions will be chargeable: Damage caused by the user or a third party Customer mis-use or mis operation Damage due to fire, storm, flood or act of nature Vandalism Telecoms faults and/or problems with the customer’s network or infrastructure System modifications/alterations not done by ADT If you are on a standard service level plan then all engineer call outs are chargeable. Will I be charged for batteries? All batteries in your devices such as door contacts, motion detectors and sensors are included and you will not be charged for these. Panel batteries in your intruder panel and/or fire panels are not included as part of your service and maintenance plan and so will be charged separately. In addition lamps/bulbs and emergency lighting lamps are also chargeable items. How do I update my key holder information? To change or amend your key holder information please contact us on admin@myadt.co.uk with the details of the necessary change. We’ll respond in writing to the registered address we hold on file for your account to confirm the changes have been made and applied. For security purposes we cannot confirm the change via email. Please note that we require 48hrs to complete the request. For any urgent requests please call 0344 800 1999, quoting your contract reference number. Documents & downloads Smart Home Keyholder PM360-R Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Domonial Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Galaxy 16+ / 8+ Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Galaxy G2 Quick Consumer Reference Guide: PM10 Quick Consumer Reference Guide: PM30 IQ4 Panel User Guide Christmas Crime Hotspots An expert guide by security experts at ADT revealing the areas of the UK that see the most Christmas Crime Read more New Year’s Eve Safety An expert guide by security experts at ADT on how to stay safe during the festive period Read more Santa Security from ADT This year spread a little Christmas magic with your ADT Smart Home cameras and capture the moment Santa dropped off the gifts. Read more The Dangers Of Gift Wrapping An expert guide by security experts at ADT offering guidance on why it is important to dispose of gift packaging properly Read more The Dangers Of Lock Snapping An expert guide by security experts at ADT offering advice on how to avoid becoming a victim of lock-snapping Read more How to stay safe in storms and power cuts An expert guide by security experts at ADT on what to do if your home is affected by power cuts. Read more Bonfire Night Safety Expert advice by fire safety experts ADT on how to keep safe during bonfire night Read more The 2023 Burglary Report A study conducted by security experts at ADT revealing the most burgled places in the UK, as well as the nature of UK burglaries Read more Telephone Network Digital Upgrade Telephone services in the UK & Ireland are changing, the existing analogue network is being upgraded to a new digital (IP based) service. Just like when TV went digital. Read more ADT Safe Family Zones A study by security experts at ADT revealing the safest UK regions to raise a family, looking at factors such as crime rates and OFSTED ratings. Read more The Human Effect of a Burglary A study conducted by security experts at ADT revealing the emotional effect of being a victim of a burglary Read more How To Deter Bike Thefts With 77,148¹ bikes being reported stolen in the past year, security experts at ADT have offered their expert advice on how to deter bike thieves. Read more Why You Should Blur Your Home On Google Maps It is common practice for Google Maps street view to blur out members of the public's faces and registration plates, but not their homes. The security experts at ADT have commented on the importance of asking Google to blur your home. Read more Signs your home may be at risk of being burgled With UK residents falling victim to over 270,000 burglaries¹ in the past year, experts have revealed the telltale signs that your home is being watched by burglars. Read more ADT Summer Safety Checklist The home security experts at ADT have shared their summer checklist to ensure your home is safe and secure during the summer months. Read more Safest Streets: The UK’s Safest Postcodes It’s no secret that crime levels vary from region to region, city to city and even from street to street. As such, where you live can have immense implications for your safety and the safety of your home too. There are, however, precautions that you can take to protect yourself and your home better. For instance, you can install a smart home security system with doorbell cameras and security alarms. To find out where the safest cities and streets in the UK are, our experts at ADT have researched UK crime figures. We looked at police force numbers, fire incidents, the number of CCTV cameras, as well as crime rates and burglary rates, the latter of which we also looked at on a postcode sector level. Read more How to keep your home safe whilst on holiday Research has revealed only 36% of holidaymakers take steps to secure their property before they go away.¹ With the May half-term approaching, the home security experts at ADT have revealed how to optimise your home’s security before going away. Read more The world’s safest and riskiest holiday destinations revealed To help you pick a destination that’s right for you, we reveal the safest and riskiest holiday destinations around the world to travel to. Taking a closer look at the crime rates, burglary rates and more for each country, we unveil the must-visit holiday destinations that will put your mind at ease as well as the destinations that may require a little extra caution. Read more The Goods on Every Burglars Wishlist There were 191,094 residential burglaries in England and Wales last year, up 1.8% from 2021. That’s equal to almost 524 burglaries every day. With so many homes being targeted, our experts at ADT wanted to reveal the most vulnerable areas in the nation, as well as the most commonly stolen items during home break-ins. We’ve also included our top tips on how to protect your property from unwanted intruders. Read more Homes of the future Smart home automation is on the rise, with around 2.2 million homes in the UK classed as smart homes.¹ As the pace of technological change picks up, the team at ADT have revealed the smart home gadgets most likely to be popular in the next few years. Read more What to do if your home is broken in to With ONS data predicting a spike in crime expected in the summer months, and the average burglary costing victims nearly £3,000 according to research, experts have given advice on what to do when you are a victim of burglary. Read more Seasonal Crime Hotspots When and where do crimes in the UK most often occur? Anyone at any given time of the year can be the victim of a crime, so to help you be safer, we've have looked at crime rates for different police force areas in the UK to see where and which time of the year crimes are most likely to happen. Read more The World’s Most Famous Robberies Pulling off a heist isn’t as easy as it seems in the movies. It often takes thieves years of careful planning to get past armed guards and high-tech security. Take a read to see who pulled off the biggest heist in history, and how much would their loot be worth today? Read more 20 Things That Are Often Forgotten The security and fire safety experts at ADT have put together a list of ways to keep your home safe, even when you are forgetful Read more Home Insurance Premiums Places in the UK you’re likely to pay more to insure your home A major factor when buying home insurance is your location and the risks associated with it. So, we have looked at flood risk and crime rates at various locations in the UK, to show you where you might pay more for home insurance. Read more Fire Fire Find out the areas in the UK with the most fire-related incidents When it comes to your home, it should be a safe haven, a place that is fully protected and secure. That’s why it’s important to ensure that you have a smoke detector fitted as it makes a huge difference to the safety of your home, especially considering that most home fires start accidentally. We have researched the trends relating to fire and rescue incidents and reviewed the latest official government statistics to find out just how many often fire-related occur as a result of the absence of a smoke alarm as well as looking at the most common causes of these fires. Read more Will the recession lead to an increase in burglaries? A guide by security experts at ADT offering advice on how to keep your home safe as crime is predicted to rise Read more Christmas Crime Hotspots To help you stay safe this Christmas, we at ADT took a closer look at just how much crime happens over the festive season. Our research analyses where most offences occur and how crime rates change across the UK during this time of the year. We also reveal our expert tips on how to keep your home protected this Christmas. Read more Winter Check List In the UK, burglary increases by 15% during the winter months* so here at ADT we've complied our top tips to help you keep your home safe and secure. Read more Home Security at Christmas | Tips & Advice Read more The ADT Pet Theft Report The ADT 2022 Pet Theft Report has been compiled using information requested from police forces across the country on the number of reported pet thefts over the last five years, and which types of pets are the most commonly stolen too. Read more Unlocked Homes With so many Brits falling victim to home break-ins, and the rise in home renovations over lockdowns, many now feel less safe in their homes and are opting to install increased home security measures. Read more The 2022 ADT Burglary Report We reveal the most-burgled areas of England and Wales - based on the number of home break-ins per 1,000 residents - and the risk factors that make you more vulnerable to falling victim to this type of crime. Read more What to Do if Your BBQ Sets Fire Summer is the perfect time to relax in the garden and have a BBQ, this does mean that there's a greater chance of having a BBQ fire. In this guide we reveal some helpful tips and advice. Read more Four things to be aware of before you travel this summer With the summer holidays right around the corner, now is the perfect time for you to get prepared before your big vacation. Read more Tips for leaving your home unattended this summer After a stressful couple of years, we’re now finally able to explore the world again this summer. Unfortunately, it’s during the summer holidays that your home is left susceptible to opportunistic thieves. Here are ADT's top tips for holidaymakers this summer... Read more ADT and Energy Efficiency At ADT, security is at the heart of everything we do. But what you probably didn’t know is how our ADT Smart Home Security, along with other devices, can in fact improve your home’s energy efficiency. Read more Microchipping Cats and Dogs In this guide, we’ll explain exactly what a microchip is and highlight just how crucial it is for you to microchip your pet. Read more How to keep your pets safe at home Dogs and cats aren’t just pets; they’re part of the family. And as such, we all want to keep our four-legged family members safe – especially when they’re home alone. Below we’ve put together some handy tips on leaving your pets home alone, to keep them safe and you worry-free. Read more How to prevent phishing scams With increasingly sophisticated phishing scams on the rise, how can you protect yourself? To mark Safer Internet Day on 8 February, here are our top tips to stay one step ahead of the fraudsters. Read more ADT’s Police Response packages are now ECHO-connected ADT is introducing a few system updates designed to improve your safety when your alarm is triggered. Read more below about ECHO, how you can benefit, and what that means for your alarm system. Read more Shining a light on smarter home security Join us to find out what features ADT Outdoor Wi-Fi cameras offer and how an integrated system from ADT takes home security to the next level, night and day. Read more How to enjoy log burners, the safe way In recent years we’ve seen a log burner revival, as many Brits look to combine warmth and style, with a roaring fire seen as the ultimate living room accessory. Despite safety concerns, log burners are very much here to stay, so we’ve created a guide to help you enjoy using one safely. Read more ADT Home Security Quiz Calling all home security experts. The time has come for you to strut your stuff and test your knowledge with our home security quiz. Read more National Security Month The security of your home is far too important to leave to chance. Here at ADT we want to help you get a clearer picture of home security so to mark National Security Month, we’ve done a spot of mythbusting. Read more CCTV vs IP Cameras If you're concerned about the security of your home, installing a reliable surveillance system can give you, and your family, peace of mind. To help you choose the right surveillance system for your circumstances, we've covered all the basics of CCTV and IP cameras in this blog. Read more Post-lockdown Anxiety: Looking After Your Mental Health Due to lockdowns, most of us haven’t socialised with more than one other household since sometime last year – so while it’s exciting to see shops and restaurants reopening, the prospect of getting out there is also a little nerve-racking. Read more 10 Ways to Protect Your Home When Normality Returns Thanks to the coronavirus pandemic, it’s safe to say the majority of the UK public has spent a lot of the last year at home. As restrictions ease and we are out of the home more, we’ve put together this quick list of home security tips, to help you resume your life with peace of mind. Read more Security During a Power Cut Whether it’s after a storm, during maintenance work or simply after something’s gone wrong at the power station, power cuts are inconvenient at the best of times. Read more DIY security: are smart security systems still vulnerable to hackers? After years of warnings about the dangers of cheap, off-the-shelf security systems the government has finally acted to address the issue. But do their measures go far enough? And how can you be sure that your own system doesn’t fall prey to hackers? Read more Five Reasons To Invest in a Video Doorbell Video doorbells, also known as smart doorbells, allow you to virtually answer your door from your phone or smart device. Read more Upgrading Your Home Security In these uncertain times it’s only natural to think about protecting the things we hold dear. For anyone with a home alarm, one of the easiest and quickest things you can do is to look at upgrading your existing security system. Read more Help Protect Your Garden Shed Against Fire Even a quick online search for “shed fire” returns a worrying number of results in the UK. In the first few months of summer 2020, dozens of fires in garden sheds were reported across the country, from Somerset to Suffolk. Read more How To Protect Against Doorstep Scams Most people are aware of phone scammers or phishing emails, but what happens when a fraudster turns up at your front door? It can be far more intimidating, and trickier to deal with than just hanging up or pressing ‘delete’. Read more Do burglar alarms reduce the cost of home insurance? With home insurance premiums increasing by nearly 3% in the last year*, it’s no wonder people are looking to reduce the amount they pay. Does adding a burglar alarm make a difference to home insurance premiums? Read more Can I install my own home security system? The simple answer to that question is yes you can. And it’s likely to cost less than a professionally installed alarm, but when it comes to protecting your home and the things that are most valuable to you, nothing compares to a tailored home security package from ADT. Read more The homebuyers’ security checklist When it comes to buying a new home, we all have the same broad criteria for making our decision. “Location, location, location” may be the mantra but schools, transport links and local amenities will also be near the top of most homebuyers’ lists. But there’s another checklist we should have in mind when weighing up the pros and cons of a potential move: security. Read more What is video analytics? If you’re looking up smart security, you’ll read a lot about video technology. From smart cameras to video doorbells, it’s fast becoming a modern security essential - and for good reason. Read more Top tips on hiding valuables at home In the UK, it’s estimated that there’s a burglary every 40 seconds1. That’s thousands of break-ins across the country each year. From planned to opportunistic, most thieves won’t hang around for long, grabbing as many valuables as they can and turning tail before they draw attention to themselves. Read more Best Places To Hide Easter Eggs - Blog Easter egg hunts will be in full swing across the UK, with kids and grown-ups alike searching homes and gardens – depending on the Great British weather. But where are the best places to secure those chocolate treats? Read more Five Top Tips For Coping With Lockdown Covid-19 means we’re all going to be spending a lot more time at home over the next few months. These simple tips will help you look after yourself and others in these uncertain times. Read more Spring clean your home security Whether you already have a home security system, or you’re thinking about installing one, here’s ADT’s top tips to spruce up your home security. Read more Stranger at the door? Here’s how to stay safe. As children, one of the first lessons we’re taught is about stranger danger. Read ADT’s article on how to stay safe and speak to someone outside without even opening your door. Read more Can I add cameras to my ADT system? In short, yes you can. Here we have highlighted the different ranges of cameras you can add to your ADT system, find out which is right for you. Read more Which is the best guard dog to put off burglars? Read ADT’s list of the top five dogs that are both good guard dogs and pawfectly family friendly. Read more Security for a new decade 2020 is upon us, a brand-new and exciting decade of tech innovations. Here’s a sneak peak of the new ADT products coming your way. Read more A decade of security tech later Security technology has evolved beyond recognition over the last 10 years; read ADT’s round-up of the top tech that’s making our world a safer place. Read more Our top spots to hide their Christmas presents Take a look at ADT’s list of the top hiding spaces around the home to ensure present hunters don’t find their gift before the big day. Read more How to keep your Black Friday bargains secure Take a look at ADT’s list of great ways to protect your Black Friday bargains and reduce the risk of them being stolen. Read more Are you inviting hackers into your home? Which? reported that cheap home security cameras are allowing hackers to access your home. Read ADT’s tips on finding the best security camera for you. Read more Keeping your home safe during long winter nights By Michael Fraser - I have the well-earned accolade of being a ‘burglary expert’, which is quite fair, as I am in fact a reformed burglar; I now use all my insider knowledge from my prior criminal life to help people protect their homes and businesses from unscrupulous thieves. Read more Why age is just a number when it comes to smart tech The main barrier for older adults embracing smart tech is education. Read ADT’s Smart Home innovations, see what they are and how they can make life easier. Read more How to secure a modern office ADT have put together a list of simple ways you can ensure office safety and keep that attractive modern culture thriving too. Read more How to get kids thinking about home security Read ADT’s top tips to get your kids thinking about keeping the family home secure. Read more Top security tips to beat the bike thieves Almost 40,000 people report stolen bicycles each year in the UK. But, with ADT’s bike security tips you can avoid becoming part of that number. Read more Outdoor fire safety this summer Did you know over 27k fires are started on UK heathland and moorland each year? Read ADT’s guide to outdoor fire safety. Read more Your guide to garage door security Garages are often where we keep some of our most valuable assets, read ADT’s guide to keeping your garage door safer. Read more Where are Britain’s safest coastal towns and cities? Whether you’re retiring to the coast, moving for work, or looking to relocate - read ADT’s list of the safest places to live on the UK coastline. Read more How to protect your home’s value Read ADT’s list of security features to ensure you protect that extra home value following a renovation or extension. Read more Everybody needs good neighbours The experts at ADT have some top tips on how you and your neighbours can help improve neighbourhood security. Read more How to keep kids safe online The internet is an increasingly scary place, especially for parents, read ADT’s top tips on how to enforce internet safety for children. Read more Do burglars return to the same house? With 1 in 4 homes being retargeted by burglars, ADT have a list of tips to help ensure your home is secure after a burglary. Read more Top construction site security tips If you’re in the construction industry, you’ll know the conflicting feeling of leaving your tools on-site, read ADT’s top tips for keeping your site secure. Read more How to keep valuables safe while travelling With summer just around the corner, many of us will be looking forward to a holiday away. However, while we’re happy to spend long hours thinking about sightseeing and sunbathing, keeping our valuables safe while we’re away is often the last thing on our holiday checklist. Read more What is a monitored alarm and are the benefits worth it? The very first Monitored alarm system was established in the US in 1866 by the president of the Gold and Stock Telegraph Company after he was disturbed in his home by a burglar. The idea then – as now – is that when an alarm is triggered it immediately notifies a separate monitoring centre. That means there’s always someone watching over your home, whether you’re there or not. Read more Don’t let burglars ruin the bank holiday for your business Everyone loves a bank holiday weekend. With not one but two three-day weekends in May, the opportunities for career criminals to target unstaffed premises are particularly high. Sadly, commercial crime is on the rise in the UK according to the latest figures*. The good news is there are lots of ways for you to boost security ahead of the May bank holidays thanks to ADT’s expert business security tips. Read more What Kind Of Home Security Hunter Are You? With Easter fast approaching, kids and grown-ups alike will be looking forward to getting stuck into a traditional Easter egg hunt. There’s not really a game plan as such - and that’s half the fun. Running around looking high and low for shiny chocolate treats is about as complicated as it gets. But that’s not a strategy you’d want to apply to something as important as home security. That’s why we’ve put together this useful guide to help you work out just what kind of home security hunter you are, and which products best match your needs. Read more ADT’s Guide to Avoiding Daylight Robbery It’s easy to assume that burglars are creatures of the night, skulking in the shadows waiting to make their move under the cover of darkness. In fact, research paints a very different picture. Read more How to secure your doors on a budget When we think of burglaries, a smashed window might be the first image that springs to mind. But in fact, a massive 75% of burglaries are attempted via a door, with 46% involving a forced lock.* Read more Always keep home insurance small print in mind We’ve all heard stories about home insurance claims going unpaid – even when the incident wasn’t the claimant’s fault. If you don’t check through the T&Cs you can easily get caught out, leaving you out of pocket in a tough spot. Read more Making your home secure for your baby The desire to protect a new baby is one of the most basic impulses humans have. And in the months before your little one is due the urge to ‘nest’ is often overwhelming. Preparing your home for a new arrival can involve everything from decorating their room and choosing new nursery furniture to buying nappies (lots of nappies) and making sure you’ve got enough meals in the freezer to get you through those hectic first few weeks. But aside from the domestic duties, it’s also important to get the right security in place. Here are a few tips from the experts at ADT: Read more Safest places to live in the UK, revealed Buying a new home takes time, planning and research. But while property websites will tell you about the nearest train stations and schools, they won’t tell you the area’s crime statistics. Read more How to test the health of your smoke alarm We’ve all seen the ads that ask: ‘When’s the last time you checked your smoke alarm?’. But, with our busy, modern lives it’s rarely at the top of our to-do list. Read more Make 2019 your safest year yet Starting the new year with a few simple security resolutions is a great way to get into good habits for 2019 and beyond. Read more Are you inviting burglars over for Christmas? Unfortunately, Christmas is the most burgled time of the year, according to UK crime statistics. Follow ADT’s security checklist to keep your home safe. Read more How to stay safe online this Christmas Avoid online fraud and identity theft this Christmas with these simple security steps from ADT. Read more Top security tips for your apartment or flat There are plenty of ways to make the most of apartment & flat living while safeguarding your home and belongings. Read more How to keep your pets calm on Bonfire Night Around 45% of dogs are frightened by bright flashes & loud bangs. But with just a few simple steps, you can make Bonfire Night a lot more pleasant for your pets. Read more Is your home October-proof? Our list of top tips will help prevent you from becoming another crime statistic during the worst month of the year for burglaries. Read more How to write a great mystery/thriller – By Sophie Hannah ​Read distinguished crime author Sophie Hannah’s tips on how to write a great thriller. Read more 149 years of protecting what matters About ADT Johnson Controls Blog Careers CSR Agent Enquiry Contact Us Sitemap Trustpilot Cookie Compliance Legal Privacy Modern Slavery Act Gender Pay Gap Report Copyright 2023 Johnson Controls. All rights reserved. ADT, ADT Always There and the ADT logo are registered trademarks of Tyco Fire & Security GmbH. All pictures used are for illustration purposes only and actual products may differ in appearance and specification. Sign in ADT Smart Business Manage your ADT Smart Business system by logging into our web portal. Sign in Online payments Make a payment to your account online. ADT Smart Business Manage your ADT Smart Business system by logging into our web portal. Sign in Online payments Make a payment to your account online. ADT Smart Business Manage your ADT Smart Business system by logging into our web portal. Sign in ADT Smart Business Online payments Make a payment to your account online. Help & Support Residential Business Menu Home Security Systems Packages Burglar Alarm ADT Smart Home Pet Friendly CCTV Product add-ons Video Doorbell Smoke Detector Indoor Camera Two-Way Audio Smart Camera Outdoor Camera Smart Plugs Switch to us When it comes to protecting the people and possessions that matter most to you, why compromise? Find out more How ADT Works Monitoring Plans Keyholder Response Police Response Private Security Response Service & Maintenance Installation Process ADT Smart Services app The Benefits of ADT Want to improve the safety and security of your home? Here’s why to choose ADT. Find out more Moving Home Moving Home If you're an existing customer, let us know if you're moving to a new house. Learn more New to ADT Spotted one of our alarms on your new house? Just fill out our form to reconnect with us. Learn more Tips on how to make moving house easier Moving house can be one of life's most exciting events, but also one of the more stressful. We have a few ideas to help make the process a little simpler. Read now About Us ADT Reviews Still unsure? See what our happy customers have to say about our exceptional services. Learn more About us We’ve been around for a while. Find out what separates us from the rest, and why we’re so enduring. Learn more Security advice that goes further Our professionals share their years of expertise with in-depth articles offering expert security advice for your home or business. Read more Crime In My Area Crime In My Area Criminals don't discriminate against location, which is why it's so important to protect your property and possessions. See the level of crime recorded by the police in your area Learn more Search by city Crime In London Crime In Nottingham Crime In Liverpool Crime In Leicester Crime In Bristol Crime In Leeds Crime In Sheffield Crime In Derby Existing Customers Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us Video Tutorials MyADT app Manage and update your ADT account information on the MyADT app Find out more ADT Smart Home Manage your ADT Smart Home system by logging into our web portal. Sign in Menu Get a free quote Home Business Security Products Intruder detection CCTV Fire & Smoke Alarms Access control Security fog Thermiscan Packages ADT Smart Business Switch to us When it comes to protecting the people and possessions that matter most to you, why compromise? Find out more Industries ADT For Business Retail Trading Units & Factories Office Spaces Education & Healthcare Hospitality & Leisure Monitoring Benefits of monitoring Response packages Service & Maintenance Remote Operating Centre Menu Crime In My Area Crime In My Area Criminals don't discriminate against location, which is why it's so important to protect your property and possessions. See the level of crime recorded by the police in your area Learn more Search by city Crime In London Crime In Nottingham Crime In Liverpool Crime In Leicester Crime In Bristol Crime In Leeds Crime In Sheffield Crime In Derby Existing Customers Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us MyADT app Manage and update your ADT account information on the MyADT app Find out more ADT Smart Business Manage your ADT Smart Business system by logging into our web portal. Sign in Why ADT Get a free quote Residential Business  Burglar Alarm ADT Smart Home Pet Friendly CCTV Video Doorbell Smoke Detector Indoor Camera Two-Way Audio Smart Camera Outdoor Camera Smart Plugs Switch to us When it comes to protecting the people and possessions that matter most to you, why compromise? Find out more When it comes to protecting the people and possessions that matter most to you, why compromise? Find out more Keyholder Response Police Response Private Security Response The Benefits of ADT Want to improve the safety and security of your home? Here’s why to choose ADT. Find out more Want to improve the safety and security of your home? Here’s why to choose ADT. If you're an existing customer, let us know if you're moving to a new house. Learn more Spotted one of our alarms on your new house? Just fill out our form to reconnect with us. Tips on how to make moving house easier Moving house can be one of life's most exciting events, but also one of the more stressful. We have a few ideas to help make the process a little simpler. Read now Moving house can be one of life's most exciting events, but also one of the more stressful. We have a few ideas to help make the process a little simpler. Read now Still unsure? See what our happy customers have to say about our exceptional services. We’ve been around for a while. Find out what separates us from the rest, and why we’re so enduring. Security advice that goes further Our professionals share their years of expertise with in-depth articles offering expert security advice for your home or business. Read more Our professionals share their years of expertise with in-depth articles offering expert security advice for your home or business. Read more Crime In My Area Criminals don't discriminate against location, which is why it's so important to protect your property and possessions. See the level of crime recorded by the police in your area Learn more Criminals don't discriminate against location, which is why it's so important to protect your property and possessions. See the level of crime recorded by the police in your area Crime In London Crime In Nottingham Crime In Liverpool Crime In Leicester Crime In Bristol Crime In Leeds Crime In Sheffield Crime In Derby MyADT app Manage and update your ADT account information on the MyADT app Find out more Manage and update your ADT account information on the MyADT app ADT Smart Home Manage your ADT Smart Home system by logging into our web portal. Sign in Manage your ADT Smart Home system by logging into our web portal. Sign in Get a free quote Home Intruder detection Fire & Smoke Alarms Access control Security fog Thermiscan Retail Trading Units & Factories Office Spaces Education & Healthcare Hospitality & Leisure Benefits of monitoring Response packages Service & Maintenance Remote Operating Centre Manage your ADT Smart Business system by logging into our web portal. Why ADT ADT Home Security Systems Packages Products Monitoring Monitoring Plans Service & Maintenance Moving Home Moving Home New to ADT About Us ADT Reviews About Us Crime In My Area Crime In My Area Crime In Bristol Crime In Derby Crime In Leeds Crime In Leicester Crime In Liverpool Crime In London Crime In Nottingham Crime In Sheffield Existing Customers Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us Video Tutorials MyADT App ADT Smart Home Home Security Systems Packages Products Packages Products Monitoring Monitoring Plans Service & Maintenance Monitoring Plans Moving Home Moving Home New to ADT New to ADT About Us ADT Reviews About Us ADT Reviews Crime In My Area Crime In My Area Crime In Bristol Crime In Derby Crime In Leeds Crime In Leicester Crime In Liverpool Crime In London Crime In Nottingham Crime In Sheffield Existing Customers Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us Video Tutorials MyADT App ADT Smart Home Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us Video Tutorials MyADT App Home Products Intruder detection CCTV Fire & Smoke Alarms Access control Security fog Thermiscan Packages ADT Smart Business Industries ADT For Business Retail Trading Units & Factories Office Spaces Education & Healthcare Hospitality & Leisure Monitoring Benefits of monitoring Response packages Service & Maintenance Switch to us Blog Crime In My Area Crime In My Area Crime In Bristol Crime In Derby Crime In Leeds Crime In Leicester Crime In Liverpool Crime In London Crime In Nottingham Crime In Sheffield Existing Customers Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us MyADT App ADT Smart Home Why ADT Intruder detection CCTV Fire & Smoke Alarms Access control Security fog Thermiscan ADT For Business Retail Trading Units & Factories Office Spaces Education & Healthcare Hospitality & Leisure ADT For Business Benefits of monitoring Response packages Service & Maintenance Online Resources Online Payments Accounts & Billing Contact Us MyADT App ADT Smart Home HomeExisting CustomersADT Home SecurityContract Information Go HomeExisting CustomersADT Home SecurityContract Information ADT Home Security Contract Information Home Security Contract Information This page contains user guides to help you understand your system and answers some of the most commonly asked questions you might have about your contract with ADT. Home Security Contract Information This page contains user guides to help you understand your system and answers some of the most commonly asked questions you might have about your contract with ADT. FAQs How do I get a copy of my contract? If you require a copy of your contract please email our team at adtuk.servdocketreqs@tycoint.com What type of service level is included in my contract? You can find out what service level is included in your contract by checking your sales agreement which was emailed to you. This is shown on page 1 under the section System and Service details. What is included as part of my service and maintenance plan? Our range of service and maintenance plans ensure that your system(s) remain in good working condition and remains to protect what matters most to you. We have three different levels of service and maintenance plans: Standard: Includes routine service and maintenance with 24/7/365 call out service Standard Plus: Includes all the benefits of a Standard plan, plus call out charges Comprehensive: Includes all the benefits of Standard plus along with free fitting of replacement parts for normal wear and tear. For full details of each plan click on the links below. Service Plans - Intruder Service Plans - CCTV Will I be charged for call outs? With our Comprehensive and Standard plus plans engineer call out charges are included, however the following exceptions will be chargeable: Damage caused by the user or a third party Customer mis-use or mis operation Damage due to fire, storm, flood or act of nature Vandalism Telecoms faults and/or problems with the customer’s network or infrastructure System modifications/alterations not done by ADT If you are on a standard service level plan then all engineer call outs are chargeable. Will I be charged for batteries? All batteries in your devices such as door contacts, motion detectors and sensors are included and you will not be charged for these. Panel batteries in your intruder panel and/or fire panels are not included as part of your service and maintenance plan and so will be charged separately. In addition lamps/bulbs and emergency lighting lamps are also chargeable items. How do I update my key holder information? To change or amend your key holder information please contact us on admin@myadt.co.uk with the details of the necessary change. We’ll respond in writing to the registered address we hold on file for your account to confirm the changes have been made and applied. For security purposes we cannot confirm the change via email. Please note that we require 48hrs to complete the request. For any urgent requests please call 0344 800 1999, quoting your contract reference number. Documents & downloads Smart Home Keyholder PM360-R Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Domonial Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Galaxy 16+ / 8+ Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Galaxy G2 Quick Consumer Reference Guide: PM10 Quick Consumer Reference Guide: PM30 IQ4 Panel User Guide FAQs How do I get a copy of my contract? If you require a copy of your contract please email our team at adtuk.servdocketreqs@tycoint.com What type of service level is included in my contract? You can find out what service level is included in your contract by checking your sales agreement which was emailed to you. This is shown on page 1 under the section System and Service details. What is included as part of my service and maintenance plan? Our range of service and maintenance plans ensure that your system(s) remain in good working condition and remains to protect what matters most to you. We have three different levels of service and maintenance plans: Standard: Includes routine service and maintenance with 24/7/365 call out service Standard Plus: Includes all the benefits of a Standard plan, plus call out charges Comprehensive: Includes all the benefits of Standard plus along with free fitting of replacement parts for normal wear and tear. For full details of each plan click on the links below. Service Plans - Intruder Service Plans - CCTV Will I be charged for call outs? With our Comprehensive and Standard plus plans engineer call out charges are included, however the following exceptions will be chargeable: Damage caused by the user or a third party Customer mis-use or mis operation Damage due to fire, storm, flood or act of nature Vandalism Telecoms faults and/or problems with the customer’s network or infrastructure System modifications/alterations not done by ADT If you are on a standard service level plan then all engineer call outs are chargeable. Will I be charged for batteries? All batteries in your devices such as door contacts, motion detectors and sensors are included and you will not be charged for these. Panel batteries in your intruder panel and/or fire panels are not included as part of your service and maintenance plan and so will be charged separately. In addition lamps/bulbs and emergency lighting lamps are also chargeable items. How do I update my key holder information? To change or amend your key holder information please contact us on admin@myadt.co.uk with the details of the necessary change. We’ll respond in writing to the registered address we hold on file for your account to confirm the changes have been made and applied. For security purposes we cannot confirm the change via email. Please note that we require 48hrs to complete the request. For any urgent requests please call 0344 800 1999, quoting your contract reference number. FAQs How do I get a copy of my contract? If you require a copy of your contract please email our team at adtuk.servdocketreqs@tycoint.com How do I get a copy of my contract? If you require a copy of your contract please email our team at adtuk.servdocketreqs@tycoint.com What type of service level is included in my contract? You can find out what service level is included in your contract by checking your sales agreement which was emailed to you. This is shown on page 1 under the section System and Service details. What type of service level is included in my contract? You can find out what service level is included in your contract by checking your sales agreement which was emailed to you. This is shown on page 1 under the section System and Service details. What is included as part of my service and maintenance plan? Our range of service and maintenance plans ensure that your system(s) remain in good working condition and remains to protect what matters most to you. We have three different levels of service and maintenance plans: Standard: Includes routine service and maintenance with 24/7/365 call out service Standard Plus: Includes all the benefits of a Standard plan, plus call out charges Comprehensive: Includes all the benefits of Standard plus along with free fitting of replacement parts for normal wear and tear. For full details of each plan click on the links below. Service Plans - Intruder Service Plans - CCTV What is included as part of my service and maintenance plan? Our range of service and maintenance plans ensure that your system(s) remain in good working condition and remains to protect what matters most to you. We have three different levels of service and maintenance plans: Standard: Includes routine service and maintenance with 24/7/365 call out service Standard Plus: Includes all the benefits of a Standard plan, plus call out charges Comprehensive: Includes all the benefits of Standard plus along with free fitting of replacement parts for normal wear and tear. For full details of each plan click on the links below. Service Plans - Intruder Service Plans - CCTV Our range of service and maintenance plans ensure that your system(s) remain in good working condition and remains to protect what matters most to you. We have three different levels of service and maintenance plans: Standard: Includes routine service and maintenance with 24/7/365 call out service Standard Plus: Includes all the benefits of a Standard plan, plus call out charges Comprehensive: Includes all the benefits of Standard plus along with free fitting of replacement parts for normal wear and tear. For full details of each plan click on the links below. Standard: Includes routine service and maintenance with 24/7/365 call out service Standard Plus: Includes all the benefits of a Standard plan, plus call out charges Comprehensive: Includes all the benefits of Standard plus along with free fitting of replacement parts for normal wear and tear. For full details of each plan click on the links below. Service Plans - Intruder Service Plans - CCTV Service Plans - Intruder Service Plans - CCTV Will I be charged for call outs? With our Comprehensive and Standard plus plans engineer call out charges are included, however the following exceptions will be chargeable: Damage caused by the user or a third party Customer mis-use or mis operation Damage due to fire, storm, flood or act of nature Vandalism Telecoms faults and/or problems with the customer’s network or infrastructure System modifications/alterations not done by ADT If you are on a standard service level plan then all engineer call outs are chargeable. Will I be charged for call outs? With our Comprehensive and Standard plus plans engineer call out charges are included, however the following exceptions will be chargeable: Damage caused by the user or a third party Customer mis-use or mis operation Damage due to fire, storm, flood or act of nature Vandalism Telecoms faults and/or problems with the customer’s network or infrastructure System modifications/alterations not done by ADT If you are on a standard service level plan then all engineer call outs are chargeable. With our Comprehensive and Standard plus plans engineer call out charges are included, however the following exceptions will be chargeable: Damage caused by the user or a third party Customer mis-use or mis operation Damage due to fire, storm, flood or act of nature Vandalism Telecoms faults and/or problems with the customer’s network or infrastructure System modifications/alterations not done by ADT Damage caused by the user or a third party Customer mis-use or mis operation Damage due to fire, storm, flood or act of nature Vandalism Telecoms faults and/or problems with the customer’s network or infrastructure System modifications/alterations not done by ADT If you are on a standard service level plan then all engineer call outs are chargeable. Will I be charged for batteries? All batteries in your devices such as door contacts, motion detectors and sensors are included and you will not be charged for these. Panel batteries in your intruder panel and/or fire panels are not included as part of your service and maintenance plan and so will be charged separately. In addition lamps/bulbs and emergency lighting lamps are also chargeable items. Will I be charged for batteries? All batteries in your devices such as door contacts, motion detectors and sensors are included and you will not be charged for these. Panel batteries in your intruder panel and/or fire panels are not included as part of your service and maintenance plan and so will be charged separately. In addition lamps/bulbs and emergency lighting lamps are also chargeable items. All batteries in your devices such as door contacts, motion detectors and sensors are included and you will not be charged for these. Panel batteries in your intruder panel and/or fire panels are not included as part of your service and maintenance plan and so will be charged separately. In addition lamps/bulbs and emergency lighting lamps are also chargeable items. How do I update my key holder information? To change or amend your key holder information please contact us on admin@myadt.co.uk with the details of the necessary change. We’ll respond in writing to the registered address we hold on file for your account to confirm the changes have been made and applied. For security purposes we cannot confirm the change via email. Please note that we require 48hrs to complete the request. For any urgent requests please call 0344 800 1999, quoting your contract reference number. How do I update my key holder information? To change or amend your key holder information please contact us on admin@myadt.co.uk with the details of the necessary change. We’ll respond in writing to the registered address we hold on file for your account to confirm the changes have been made and applied. For security purposes we cannot confirm the change via email. Please note that we require 48hrs to complete the request. For any urgent requests please call 0344 800 1999, quoting your contract reference number. To change or amend your key holder information please contact us on admin@myadt.co.uk with the details of the necessary change. We’ll respond in writing to the registered address we hold on file for your account to confirm the changes have been made and applied. For security purposes we cannot confirm the change via email. Please note that we require 48hrs to complete the request. For any urgent requests please call 0344 800 1999, quoting your contract reference number. Documents & downloads Smart Home Keyholder PM360-R Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Domonial Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Galaxy 16+ / 8+ Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Galaxy G2 Quick Consumer Reference Guide: PM10 Quick Consumer Reference Guide: PM30 IQ4 Panel User Guide Documents & downloads Smart Home Keyholder PM360-R Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Domonial Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Galaxy 16+ / 8+ Quick Consumer Reference Guide: Galaxy G2 Quick Consumer Reference Guide: PM10 Quick Consumer Reference Guide: PM30 IQ4 Panel User Guide Christmas Crime Hotspots An expert guide by security experts at ADT revealing the areas of the UK that see the most Christmas Crime Read more New Year’s Eve Safety An expert guide by security experts at ADT on how to stay safe during the festive period Read more Santa Security from ADT This year spread a little Christmas magic with your ADT Smart Home cameras and capture the moment Santa dropped off the gifts. Read more The Dangers Of Gift Wrapping An expert guide by security experts at ADT offering guidance on why it is important to dispose of gift packaging properly Read more The Dangers Of Lock Snapping An expert guide by security experts at ADT offering advice on how to avoid becoming a victim of lock-snapping Read more How to stay safe in storms and power cuts An expert guide by security experts at ADT on what to do if your home is affected by power cuts. Read more Bonfire Night Safety Expert advice by fire safety experts ADT on how to keep safe during bonfire night Read more The 2023 Burglary Report A study conducted by security experts at ADT revealing the most burgled places in the UK, as well as the nature of UK burglaries Read more Telephone Network Digital Upgrade Telephone services in the UK & Ireland are changing, the existing analogue network is being upgraded to a new digital (IP based) service. Just like when TV went digital. Read more ADT Safe Family Zones A study by security experts at ADT revealing the safest UK regions to raise a family, looking at factors such as crime rates and OFSTED ratings. Read more The Human Effect of a Burglary A study conducted by security experts at ADT revealing the emotional effect of being a victim of a burglary Read more How To Deter Bike Thefts With 77,148¹ bikes being reported stolen in the past year, security experts at ADT have offered their expert advice on how to deter bike thieves. Read more Why You Should Blur Your Home On Google Maps It is common practice for Google Maps street view to blur out members of the public's faces and registration plates, but not their homes. The security experts at ADT have commented on the importance of asking Google to blur your home. Read more Signs your home may be at risk of being burgled With UK residents falling victim to over 270,000 burglaries¹ in the past year, experts have revealed the telltale signs that your home is being watched by burglars. Read more ADT Summer Safety Checklist The home security experts at ADT have shared their summer checklist to ensure your home is safe and secure during the summer months. Read more Safest Streets: The UK’s Safest Postcodes It’s no secret that crime levels vary from region to region, city to city and even from street to street. As such, where you live can have immense implications for your safety and the safety of your home too. There are, however, precautions that you can take to protect yourself and your home better. For instance, you can install a smart home security system with doorbell cameras and security alarms. To find out where the safest cities and streets in the UK are, our experts at ADT have researched UK crime figures. We looked at police force numbers, fire incidents, the number of CCTV cameras, as well as crime rates and burglary rates, the latter of which we also looked at on a postcode sector level. Read more How to keep your home safe whilst on holiday Research has revealed only 36% of holidaymakers take steps to secure their property before they go away.¹ With the May half-term approaching, the home security experts at ADT have revealed how to optimise your home’s security before going away. Read more The world’s safest and riskiest holiday destinations revealed To help you pick a destination that’s right for you, we reveal the safest and riskiest holiday destinations around the world to travel to. Taking a closer look at the crime rates, burglary rates and more for each country, we unveil the must-visit holiday destinations that will put your mind at ease as well as the destinations that may require a little extra caution. Read more The Goods on Every Burglars Wishlist There were 191,094 residential burglaries in England and Wales last year, up 1.8% from 2021. That’s equal to almost 524 burglaries every day. With so many homes being targeted, our experts at ADT wanted to reveal the most vulnerable areas in the nation, as well as the most commonly stolen items during home break-ins. We’ve also included our top tips on how to protect your property from unwanted intruders. Read more Homes of the future Smart home automation is on the rise, with around 2.2 million homes in the UK classed as smart homes.¹ As the pace of technological change picks up, the team at ADT have revealed the smart home gadgets most likely to be popular in the next few years. Read more What to do if your home is broken in to With ONS data predicting a spike in crime expected in the summer months, and the average burglary costing victims nearly £3,000 according to research, experts have given advice on what to do when you are a victim of burglary. Read more Seasonal Crime Hotspots When and where do crimes in the UK most often occur? Anyone at any given time of the year can be the victim of a crime, so to help you be safer, we've have looked at crime rates for different police force areas in the UK to see where and which time of the year crimes are most likely to happen. Read more The World’s Most Famous Robberies Pulling off a heist isn’t as easy as it seems in the movies. It often takes thieves years of careful planning to get past armed guards and high-tech security. Take a read to see who pulled off the biggest heist in history, and how much would their loot be worth today? Read more 20 Things That Are Often Forgotten The security and fire safety experts at ADT have put together a list of ways to keep your home safe, even when you are forgetful Read more Home Insurance Premiums Places in the UK you’re likely to pay more to insure your home A major factor when buying home insurance is your location and the risks associated with it. So, we have looked at flood risk and crime rates at various locations in the UK, to show you where you might pay more for home insurance. Read more Fire Fire Find out the areas in the UK with the most fire-related incidents When it comes to your home, it should be a safe haven, a place that is fully protected and secure. That’s why it’s important to ensure that you have a smoke detector fitted as it makes a huge difference to the safety of your home, especially considering that most home fires start accidentally. We have researched the trends relating to fire and rescue incidents and reviewed the latest official government statistics to find out just how many often fire-related occur as a result of the absence of a smoke alarm as well as looking at the most common causes of these fires. Read more Will the recession lead to an increase in burglaries? A guide by security experts at ADT offering advice on how to keep your home safe as crime is predicted to rise Read more Christmas Crime Hotspots To help you stay safe this Christmas, we at ADT took a closer look at just how much crime happens over the festive season. Our research analyses where most offences occur and how crime rates change across the UK during this time of the year. We also reveal our expert tips on how to keep your home protected this Christmas. Read more Winter Check List In the UK, burglary increases by 15% during the winter months* so here at ADT we've complied our top tips to help you keep your home safe and secure. Read more Home Security at Christmas | Tips & Advice Read more The ADT Pet Theft Report The ADT 2022 Pet Theft Report has been compiled using information requested from police forces across the country on the number of reported pet thefts over the last five years, and which types of pets are the most commonly stolen too. Read more Unlocked Homes With so many Brits falling victim to home break-ins, and the rise in home renovations over lockdowns, many now feel less safe in their homes and are opting to install increased home security measures. Read more The 2022 ADT Burglary Report We reveal the most-burgled areas of England and Wales - based on the number of home break-ins per 1,000 residents - and the risk factors that make you more vulnerable to falling victim to this type of crime. Read more What to Do if Your BBQ Sets Fire Summer is the perfect time to relax in the garden and have a BBQ, this does mean that there's a greater chance of having a BBQ fire. In this guide we reveal some helpful tips and advice. Read more Four things to be aware of before you travel this summer With the summer holidays right around the corner, now is the perfect time for you to get prepared before your big vacation. Read more Tips for leaving your home unattended this summer After a stressful couple of years, we’re now finally able to explore the world again this summer. Unfortunately, it’s during the summer holidays that your home is left susceptible to opportunistic thieves. Here are ADT's top tips for holidaymakers this summer... Read more ADT and Energy Efficiency At ADT, security is at the heart of everything we do. But what you probably didn’t know is how our ADT Smart Home Security, along with other devices, can in fact improve your home’s energy efficiency. Read more Microchipping Cats and Dogs In this guide, we’ll explain exactly what a microchip is and highlight just how crucial it is for you to microchip your pet. Read more How to keep your pets safe at home Dogs and cats aren’t just pets; they’re part of the family. And as such, we all want to keep our four-legged family members safe – especially when they’re home alone. Below we’ve put together some handy tips on leaving your pets home alone, to keep them safe and you worry-free. Read more How to prevent phishing scams With increasingly sophisticated phishing scams on the rise, how can you protect yourself? To mark Safer Internet Day on 8 February, here are our top tips to stay one step ahead of the fraudsters. Read more ADT’s Police Response packages are now ECHO-connected ADT is introducing a few system updates designed to improve your safety when your alarm is triggered. Read more below about ECHO, how you can benefit, and what that means for your alarm system. Read more Shining a light on smarter home security Join us to find out what features ADT Outdoor Wi-Fi cameras offer and how an integrated system from ADT takes home security to the next level, night and day. Read more How to enjoy log burners, the safe way In recent years we’ve seen a log burner revival, as many Brits look to combine warmth and style, with a roaring fire seen as the ultimate living room accessory. Despite safety concerns, log burners are very much here to stay, so we’ve created a guide to help you enjoy using one safely. Read more ADT Home Security Quiz Calling all home security experts. The time has come for you to strut your stuff and test your knowledge with our home security quiz. Read more National Security Month The security of your home is far too important to leave to chance. Here at ADT we want to help you get a clearer picture of home security so to mark National Security Month, we’ve done a spot of mythbusting. Read more CCTV vs IP Cameras If you're concerned about the security of your home, installing a reliable surveillance system can give you, and your family, peace of mind. To help you choose the right surveillance system for your circumstances, we've covered all the basics of CCTV and IP cameras in this blog. Read more Post-lockdown Anxiety: Looking After Your Mental Health Due to lockdowns, most of us haven’t socialised with more than one other household since sometime last year – so while it’s exciting to see shops and restaurants reopening, the prospect of getting out there is also a little nerve-racking. Read more 10 Ways to Protect Your Home When Normality Returns Thanks to the coronavirus pandemic, it’s safe to say the majority of the UK public has spent a lot of the last year at home. As restrictions ease and we are out of the home more, we’ve put together this quick list of home security tips, to help you resume your life with peace of mind. Read more Security During a Power Cut Whether it’s after a storm, during maintenance work or simply after something’s gone wrong at the power station, power cuts are inconvenient at the best of times. Read more DIY security: are smart security systems still vulnerable to hackers? After years of warnings about the dangers of cheap, off-the-shelf security systems the government has finally acted to address the issue. But do their measures go far enough? And how can you be sure that your own system doesn’t fall prey to hackers? Read more Five Reasons To Invest in a Video Doorbell Video doorbells, also known as smart doorbells, allow you to virtually answer your door from your phone or smart device. Read more Upgrading Your Home Security In these uncertain times it’s only natural to think about protecting the things we hold dear. For anyone with a home alarm, one of the easiest and quickest things you can do is to look at upgrading your existing security system. Read more Help Protect Your Garden Shed Against Fire Even a quick online search for “shed fire” returns a worrying number of results in the UK. In the first few months of summer 2020, dozens of fires in garden sheds were reported across the country, from Somerset to Suffolk. Read more How To Protect Against Doorstep Scams Most people are aware of phone scammers or phishing emails, but what happens when a fraudster turns up at your front door? It can be far more intimidating, and trickier to deal with than just hanging up or pressing ‘delete’. Read more Do burglar alarms reduce the cost of home insurance? With home insurance premiums increasing by nearly 3% in the last year*, it’s no wonder people are looking to reduce the amount they pay. Does adding a burglar alarm make a difference to home insurance premiums? Read more Can I install my own home security system? The simple answer to that question is yes you can. And it’s likely to cost less than a professionally installed alarm, but when it comes to protecting your home and the things that are most valuable to you, nothing compares to a tailored home security package from ADT. Read more The homebuyers’ security checklist When it comes to buying a new home, we all have the same broad criteria for making our decision. “Location, location, location” may be the mantra but schools, transport links and local amenities will also be near the top of most homebuyers’ lists. But there’s another checklist we should have in mind when weighing up the pros and cons of a potential move: security. Read more What is video analytics? If you’re looking up smart security, you’ll read a lot about video technology. From smart cameras to video doorbells, it’s fast becoming a modern security essential - and for good reason. Read more Top tips on hiding valuables at home In the UK, it’s estimated that there’s a burglary every 40 seconds1. That’s thousands of break-ins across the country each year. From planned to opportunistic, most thieves won’t hang around for long, grabbing as many valuables as they can and turning tail before they draw attention to themselves. Read more Best Places To Hide Easter Eggs - Blog Easter egg hunts will be in full swing across the UK, with kids and grown-ups alike searching homes and gardens – depending on the Great British weather. But where are the best places to secure those chocolate treats? Read more Five Top Tips For Coping With Lockdown Covid-19 means we’re all going to be spending a lot more time at home over the next few months. These simple tips will help you look after yourself and others in these uncertain times. Read more Spring clean your home security Whether you already have a home security system, or you’re thinking about installing one, here’s ADT’s top tips to spruce up your home security. Read more Stranger at the door? Here’s how to stay safe. As children, one of the first lessons we’re taught is about stranger danger. Read ADT’s article on how to stay safe and speak to someone outside without even opening your door. Read more Can I add cameras to my ADT system? In short, yes you can. Here we have highlighted the different ranges of cameras you can add to your ADT system, find out which is right for you. Read more Which is the best guard dog to put off burglars? Read ADT’s list of the top five dogs that are both good guard dogs and pawfectly family friendly. Read more Security for a new decade 2020 is upon us, a brand-new and exciting decade of tech innovations. Here’s a sneak peak of the new ADT products coming your way. Read more A decade of security tech later Security technology has evolved beyond recognition over the last 10 years; read ADT’s round-up of the top tech that’s making our world a safer place. Read more Our top spots to hide their Christmas presents Take a look at ADT’s list of the top hiding spaces around the home to ensure present hunters don’t find their gift before the big day. Read more How to keep your Black Friday bargains secure Take a look at ADT’s list of great ways to protect your Black Friday bargains and reduce the risk of them being stolen. Read more Are you inviting hackers into your home? Which? reported that cheap home security cameras are allowing hackers to access your home. Read ADT’s tips on finding the best security camera for you. Read more Keeping your home safe during long winter nights By Michael Fraser - I have the well-earned accolade of being a ‘burglary expert’, which is quite fair, as I am in fact a reformed burglar; I now use all my insider knowledge from my prior criminal life to help people protect their homes and businesses from unscrupulous thieves. Read more Why age is just a number when it comes to smart tech The main barrier for older adults embracing smart tech is education. Read ADT’s Smart Home innovations, see what they are and how they can make life easier. Read more How to secure a modern office ADT have put together a list of simple ways you can ensure office safety and keep that attractive modern culture thriving too. Read more How to get kids thinking about home security Read ADT’s top tips to get your kids thinking about keeping the family home secure. Read more Top security tips to beat the bike thieves Almost 40,000 people report stolen bicycles each year in the UK. But, with ADT’s bike security tips you can avoid becoming part of that number. Read more Outdoor fire safety this summer Did you know over 27k fires are started on UK heathland and moorland each year? Read ADT’s guide to outdoor fire safety. Read more Your guide to garage door security Garages are often where we keep some of our most valuable assets, read ADT’s guide to keeping your garage door safer. Read more Where are Britain’s safest coastal towns and cities? Whether you’re retiring to the coast, moving for work, or looking to relocate - read ADT’s list of the safest places to live on the UK coastline. Read more How to protect your home’s value Read ADT’s list of security features to ensure you protect that extra home value following a renovation or extension. Read more Everybody needs good neighbours The experts at ADT have some top tips on how you and your neighbours can help improve neighbourhood security. Read more How to keep kids safe online The internet is an increasingly scary place, especially for parents, read ADT’s top tips on how to enforce internet safety for children. Read more Do burglars return to the same house? With 1 in 4 homes being retargeted by burglars, ADT have a list of tips to help ensure your home is secure after a burglary. Read more Top construction site security tips If you’re in the construction industry, you’ll know the conflicting feeling of leaving your tools on-site, read ADT’s top tips for keeping your site secure. Read more How to keep valuables safe while travelling With summer just around the corner, many of us will be looking forward to a holiday away. However, while we’re happy to spend long hours thinking about sightseeing and sunbathing, keeping our valuables safe while we’re away is often the last thing on our holiday checklist. Read more What is a monitored alarm and are the benefits worth it? The very first Monitored alarm system was established in the US in 1866 by the president of the Gold and Stock Telegraph Company after he was disturbed in his home by a burglar. The idea then – as now – is that when an alarm is triggered it immediately notifies a separate monitoring centre. That means there’s always someone watching over your home, whether you’re there or not. Read more Don’t let burglars ruin the bank holiday for your business Everyone loves a bank holiday weekend. With not one but two three-day weekends in May, the opportunities for career criminals to target unstaffed premises are particularly high. Sadly, commercial crime is on the rise in the UK according to the latest figures*. The good news is there are lots of ways for you to boost security ahead of the May bank holidays thanks to ADT’s expert business security tips. Read more What Kind Of Home Security Hunter Are You? With Easter fast approaching, kids and grown-ups alike will be looking forward to getting stuck into a traditional Easter egg hunt. There’s not really a game plan as such - and that’s half the fun. Running around looking high and low for shiny chocolate treats is about as complicated as it gets. But that’s not a strategy you’d want to apply to something as important as home security. That’s why we’ve put together this useful guide to help you work out just what kind of home security hunter you are, and which products best match your needs. Read more ADT’s Guide to Avoiding Daylight Robbery It’s easy to assume that burglars are creatures of the night, skulking in the shadows waiting to make their move under the cover of darkness. In fact, research paints a very different picture. Read more How to secure your doors on a budget When we think of burglaries, a smashed window might be the first image that springs to mind. But in fact, a massive 75% of burglaries are attempted via a door, with 46% involving a forced lock.* Read more Always keep home insurance small print in mind We’ve all heard stories about home insurance claims going unpaid – even when the incident wasn’t the claimant’s fault. If you don’t check through the T&Cs you can easily get caught out, leaving you out of pocket in a tough spot. Read more Making your home secure for your baby The desire to protect a new baby is one of the most basic impulses humans have. And in the months before your little one is due the urge to ‘nest’ is often overwhelming. Preparing your home for a new arrival can involve everything from decorating their room and choosing new nursery furniture to buying nappies (lots of nappies) and making sure you’ve got enough meals in the freezer to get you through those hectic first few weeks. But aside from the domestic duties, it’s also important to get the right security in place. Here are a few tips from the experts at ADT: Read more Safest places to live in the UK, revealed Buying a new home takes time, planning and research. But while property websites will tell you about the nearest train stations and schools, they won’t tell you the area’s crime statistics. Read more How to test the health of your smoke alarm We’ve all seen the ads that ask: ‘When’s the last time you checked your smoke alarm?’. But, with our busy, modern lives it’s rarely at the top of our to-do list. Read more Make 2019 your safest year yet Starting the new year with a few simple security resolutions is a great way to get into good habits for 2019 and beyond. Read more Are you inviting burglars over for Christmas? Unfortunately, Christmas is the most burgled time of the year, according to UK crime statistics. Follow ADT’s security checklist to keep your home safe. Read more How to stay safe online this Christmas Avoid online fraud and identity theft this Christmas with these simple security steps from ADT. Read more Top security tips for your apartment or flat There are plenty of ways to make the most of apartment & flat living while safeguarding your home and belongings. Read more How to keep your pets calm on Bonfire Night Around 45% of dogs are frightened by bright flashes & loud bangs. But with just a few simple steps, you can make Bonfire Night a lot more pleasant for your pets. Read more Is your home October-proof? Our list of top tips will help prevent you from becoming another crime statistic during the worst month of the year for burglaries. Read more How to write a great mystery/thriller – By Sophie Hannah ​Read distinguished crime author Sophie Hannah’s tips on how to write a great thriller. Read more Christmas Crime Hotspots An expert guide by security experts at ADT revealing the areas of the UK that see the most Christmas Crime Read more Christmas Crime Hotspots An expert guide by security experts at ADT revealing the areas of the UK that see the most Christmas Crime New Year’s Eve Safety An expert guide by security experts at ADT on how to stay safe during the festive period Read more New Year’s Eve Safety An expert guide by security experts at ADT on how to stay safe during the festive period Santa Security from ADT This year spread a little Christmas magic with your ADT Smart Home cameras and capture the moment Santa dropped off the gifts. Read more Santa Security from ADT This year spread a little Christmas magic with your ADT Smart Home cameras and capture the moment Santa dropped off the gifts. Smart Home The Dangers Of Gift Wrapping An expert guide by security experts at ADT offering guidance on why it is important to dispose of gift packaging properly Read more The Dangers Of Gift Wrapping An expert guide by security experts at ADT offering guidance on why it is important to dispose of gift packaging properly The Dangers Of Lock Snapping An expert guide by security experts at ADT offering advice on how to avoid becoming a victim of lock-snapping Read more The Dangers Of Lock Snapping An expert guide by security experts at ADT offering advice on how to avoid becoming a victim of lock-snapping How to stay safe in storms and power cuts An expert guide by security experts at ADT on what to do if your home is affected by power cuts. Read more How to stay safe in storms and power cuts An expert guide by security experts at ADT on what to do if your home is affected by power cuts. Bonfire Night Safety Expert advice by fire safety experts ADT on how to keep safe during bonfire night Read more Bonfire Night Safety Expert advice by fire safety experts ADT on how to keep safe during bonfire night The 2023 Burglary Report A study conducted by security experts at ADT revealing the most burgled places in the UK, as well as the nature of UK burglaries Read more The 2023 Burglary Report A study conducted by security experts at ADT revealing the most burgled places in the UK, as well as the nature of UK burglaries Telephone Network Digital Upgrade Telephone services in the UK & Ireland are changing, the existing analogue network is being upgraded to a new digital (IP based) service. Just like when TV went digital. Read more Telephone Network Digital Upgrade Telephone services in the UK & Ireland are changing, the existing analogue network is being upgraded to a new digital (IP based) service. Just like when TV went digital. ADT Safe Family Zones A study by security experts at ADT revealing the safest UK regions to raise a family, looking at factors such as crime rates and OFSTED ratings. Read more ADT Safe Family Zones A study by security experts at ADT revealing the safest UK regions to raise a family, looking at factors such as crime rates and OFSTED ratings. The Human Effect of a Burglary A study conducted by security experts at ADT revealing the emotional effect of being a victim of a burglary Read more The Human Effect of a Burglary A study conducted by security experts at ADT revealing the emotional effect of being a victim of a burglary How To Deter Bike Thefts With 77,148¹ bikes being reported stolen in the past year, security experts at ADT have offered their expert advice on how to deter bike thieves. Read more How To Deter Bike Thefts With 77,148¹ bikes being reported stolen in the past year, security experts at ADT have offered their expert advice on how to deter bike thieves. Why You Should Blur Your Home On Google Maps It is common practice for Google Maps street view to blur out members of the public's faces and registration plates, but not their homes. The security experts at ADT have commented on the importance of asking Google to blur your home. Read more Why You Should Blur Your Home On Google Maps It is common practice for Google Maps street view to blur out members of the public's faces and registration plates, but not their homes. The security experts at ADT have commented on the importance of asking Google to blur your home. Signs your home may be at risk of being burgled With UK residents falling victim to over 270,000 burglaries¹ in the past year, experts have revealed the telltale signs that your home is being watched by burglars. Read more Signs your home may be at risk of being burgled With UK residents falling victim to over 270,000 burglaries¹ in the past year, experts have revealed the telltale signs that your home is being watched by burglars. ADT Summer Safety Checklist The home security experts at ADT have shared their summer checklist to ensure your home is safe and secure during the summer months. Read more ADT Summer Safety Checklist The home security experts at ADT have shared their summer checklist to ensure your home is safe and secure during the summer months. Safest Streets: The UK’s Safest Postcodes It’s no secret that crime levels vary from region to region, city to city and even from street to street. As such, where you live can have immense implications for your safety and the safety of your home too. There are, however, precautions that you can take to protect yourself and your home better. For instance, you can install a smart home security system with doorbell cameras and security alarms. To find out where the safest cities and streets in the UK are, our experts at ADT have researched UK crime figures. We looked at police force numbers, fire incidents, the number of CCTV cameras, as well as crime rates and burglary rates, the latter of which we also looked at on a postcode sector level. Read more Safest Streets: The UK’s Safest Postcodes It’s no secret that crime levels vary from region to region, city to city and even from street to street. As such, where you live can have immense implications for your safety and the safety of your home too. There are, however, precautions that you can take to protect yourself and your home better. For instance, you can install a smart home security system with doorbell cameras and security alarms. To find out where the safest cities and streets in the UK are, our experts at ADT have researched UK crime figures. We looked at police force numbers, fire incidents, the number of CCTV cameras, as well as crime rates and burglary rates, the latter of which we also looked at on a postcode sector level. It’s no secret that crime levels vary from region to region, city to city and even from street to street. As such, where you live can have immense implications for your safety and the safety of your home too. There are, however, precautions that you can take to protect yourself and your home better. For instance, you can install a smart home security system with doorbell cameras and security alarms. To find out where the safest cities and streets in the UK are, our experts at ADT have researched UK crime figures. We looked at police force numbers, fire incidents, the number of CCTV cameras, as well as crime rates and burglary rates, the latter of which we also looked at on a postcode sector level. How to keep your home safe whilst on holiday Research has revealed only 36% of holidaymakers take steps to secure their property before they go away.¹ With the May half-term approaching, the home security experts at ADT have revealed how to optimise your home’s security before going away. Read more How to keep your home safe whilst on holiday Research has revealed only 36% of holidaymakers take steps to secure their property before they go away.¹ With the May half-term approaching, the home security experts at ADT have revealed how to optimise your home’s security before going away. The world’s safest and riskiest holiday destinations revealed To help you pick a destination that’s right for you, we reveal the safest and riskiest holiday destinations around the world to travel to. Taking a closer look at the crime rates, burglary rates and more for each country, we unveil the must-visit holiday destinations that will put your mind at ease as well as the destinations that may require a little extra caution. Read more The world’s safest and riskiest holiday destinations revealed To help you pick a destination that’s right for you, we reveal the safest and riskiest holiday destinations around the world to travel to. Taking a closer look at the crime rates, burglary rates and more for each country, we unveil the must-visit holiday destinations that will put your mind at ease as well as the destinations that may require a little extra caution. The Goods on Every Burglars Wishlist There were 191,094 residential burglaries in England and Wales last year, up 1.8% from 2021. That’s equal to almost 524 burglaries every day. With so many homes being targeted, our experts at ADT wanted to reveal the most vulnerable areas in the nation, as well as the most commonly stolen items during home break-ins. We’ve also included our top tips on how to protect your property from unwanted intruders. Read more The Goods on Every Burglars Wishlist There were 191,094 residential burglaries in England and Wales last year, up 1.8% from 2021. That’s equal to almost 524 burglaries every day. With so many homes being targeted, our experts at ADT wanted to reveal the most vulnerable areas in the nation, as well as the most commonly stolen items during home break-ins. We’ve also included our top tips on how to protect your property from unwanted intruders. There were 191,094 residential burglaries in England and Wales last year, up 1.8% from 2021. That’s equal to almost 524 burglaries every day. With so many homes being targeted, our experts at ADT wanted to reveal the most vulnerable areas in the nation, as well as the most commonly stolen items during home break-ins. We’ve also included our top tips on how to protect your property from unwanted intruders. Homes of the future Smart home automation is on the rise, with around 2.2 million homes in the UK classed as smart homes.¹ As the pace of technological change picks up, the team at ADT have revealed the smart home gadgets most likely to be popular in the next few years. Read more Homes of the future Smart home automation is on the rise, with around 2.2 million homes in the UK classed as smart homes.¹ As the pace of technological change picks up, the team at ADT have revealed the smart home gadgets most likely to be popular in the next few years. What to do if your home is broken in to With ONS data predicting a spike in crime expected in the summer months, and the average burglary costing victims nearly £3,000 according to research, experts have given advice on what to do when you are a victim of burglary. Read more What to do if your home is broken in to With ONS data predicting a spike in crime expected in the summer months, and the average burglary costing victims nearly £3,000 according to research, experts have given advice on what to do when you are a victim of burglary. Seasonal Crime Hotspots When and where do crimes in the UK most often occur? Anyone at any given time of the year can be the victim of a crime, so to help you be safer, we've have looked at crime rates for different police force areas in the UK to see where and which time of the year crimes are most likely to happen. Read more Seasonal Crime Hotspots When and where do crimes in the UK most often occur? Anyone at any given time of the year can be the victim of a crime, so to help you be safer, we've have looked at crime rates for different police force areas in the UK to see where and which time of the year crimes are most likely to happen. When and where do crimes in the UK most often occur? Anyone at any given time of the year can be the victim of a crime, so to help you be safer, we've have looked at crime rates for different police force areas in the UK to see where and which time of the year crimes are most likely to happen. The World’s Most Famous Robberies Pulling off a heist isn’t as easy as it seems in the movies. It often takes thieves years of careful planning to get past armed guards and high-tech security. Take a read to see who pulled off the biggest heist in history, and how much would their loot be worth today? Read more The World’s Most Famous Robberies Pulling off a heist isn’t as easy as it seems in the movies. It often takes thieves years of careful planning to get past armed guards and high-tech security. Take a read to see who pulled off the biggest heist in history, and how much would their loot be worth today? 20 Things That Are Often Forgotten The security and fire safety experts at ADT have put together a list of ways to keep your home safe, even when you are forgetful Read more 20 Things That Are Often Forgotten The security and fire safety experts at ADT have put together a list of ways to keep your home safe, even when you are forgetful Home Insurance Premiums Places in the UK you’re likely to pay more to insure your home A major factor when buying home insurance is your location and the risks associated with it. So, we have looked at flood risk and crime rates at various locations in the UK, to show you where you might pay more for home insurance. Read more Home Insurance Premiums Places in the UK you’re likely to pay more to insure your home A major factor when buying home insurance is your location and the risks associated with it. So, we have looked at flood risk and crime rates at various locations in the UK, to show you where you might pay more for home insurance. Places in the UK you’re likely to pay more to insure your home A major factor when buying home insurance is your location and the risks associated with it. So, we have looked at flood risk and crime rates at various locations in the UK, to show you where you might pay more for home insurance. Fire Fire Find out the areas in the UK with the most fire-related incidents When it comes to your home, it should be a safe haven, a place that is fully protected and secure. That’s why it’s important to ensure that you have a smoke detector fitted as it makes a huge difference to the safety of your home, especially considering that most home fires start accidentally. We have researched the trends relating to fire and rescue incidents and reviewed the latest official government statistics to find out just how many often fire-related occur as a result of the absence of a smoke alarm as well as looking at the most common causes of these fires. Read more Fire Fire Find out the areas in the UK with the most fire-related incidents When it comes to your home, it should be a safe haven, a place that is fully protected and secure. That’s why it’s important to ensure that you have a smoke detector fitted as it makes a huge difference to the safety of your home, especially considering that most home fires start accidentally. We have researched the trends relating to fire and rescue incidents and reviewed the latest official government statistics to find out just how many often fire-related occur as a result of the absence of a smoke alarm as well as looking at the most common causes of these fires. Find out the areas in the UK with the most fire-related incidents When it comes to your home, it should be a safe haven, a place that is fully protected and secure. That’s why it’s important to ensure that you have a smoke detector fitted as it makes a huge difference to the safety of your home, especially considering that most home fires start accidentally. We have researched the trends relating to fire and rescue incidents and reviewed the latest official government statistics to find out just how many often fire-related occur as a result of the absence of a smoke alarm as well as looking at the most common causes of these fires. Will the recession lead to an increase in burglaries? A guide by security experts at ADT offering advice on how to keep your home safe as crime is predicted to rise Read more Will the recession lead to an increase in burglaries? A guide by security experts at ADT offering advice on how to keep your home safe as crime is predicted to rise Christmas Crime Hotspots To help you stay safe this Christmas, we at ADT took a closer look at just how much crime happens over the festive season. Our research analyses where most offences occur and how crime rates change across the UK during this time of the year. We also reveal our expert tips on how to keep your home protected this Christmas. Read more To help you stay safe this Christmas, we at ADT took a closer look at just how much crime happens over the festive season. Our research analyses where most offences occur and how crime rates change across the UK during this time of the year. We also reveal our expert tips on how to keep your home protected this Christmas. Winter Check List In the UK, burglary increases by 15% during the winter months* so here at ADT we've complied our top tips to help you keep your home safe and secure. Read more Winter Check List In the UK, burglary increases by 15% during the winter months* so here at ADT we've complied our top tips to help you keep your home safe and secure. Home Security at Christmas | Tips & Advice Read more Home Security at Christmas | Tips & Advice The ADT Pet Theft Report The ADT 2022 Pet Theft Report has been compiled using information requested from police forces across the country on the number of reported pet thefts over the last five years, and which types of pets are the most commonly stolen too. Read more The ADT Pet Theft Report The ADT 2022 Pet Theft Report has been compiled using information requested from police forces across the country on the number of reported pet thefts over the last five years, and which types of pets are the most commonly stolen too. Unlocked Homes With so many Brits falling victim to home break-ins, and the rise in home renovations over lockdowns, many now feel less safe in their homes and are opting to install increased home security measures. Read more Unlocked Homes With so many Brits falling victim to home break-ins, and the rise in home renovations over lockdowns, many now feel less safe in their homes and are opting to install increased home security measures. The 2022 ADT Burglary Report We reveal the most-burgled areas of England and Wales - based on the number of home break-ins per 1,000 residents - and the risk factors that make you more vulnerable to falling victim to this type of crime. Read more The 2022 ADT Burglary Report We reveal the most-burgled areas of England and Wales - based on the number of home break-ins per 1,000 residents - and the risk factors that make you more vulnerable to falling victim to this type of crime. What to Do if Your BBQ Sets Fire Summer is the perfect time to relax in the garden and have a BBQ, this does mean that there's a greater chance of having a BBQ fire. In this guide we reveal some helpful tips and advice. Read more What to Do if Your BBQ Sets Fire Summer is the perfect time to relax in the garden and have a BBQ, this does mean that there's a greater chance of having a BBQ fire. In this guide we reveal some helpful tips and advice. Four things to be aware of before you travel this summer With the summer holidays right around the corner, now is the perfect time for you to get prepared before your big vacation. Read more Four things to be aware of before you travel this summer With the summer holidays right around the corner, now is the perfect time for you to get prepared before your big vacation. Tips for leaving your home unattended this summer After a stressful couple of years, we’re now finally able to explore the world again this summer. Unfortunately, it’s during the summer holidays that your home is left susceptible to opportunistic thieves. Here are ADT's top tips for holidaymakers this summer... Read more Tips for leaving your home unattended this summer After a stressful couple of years, we’re now finally able to explore the world again this summer. Unfortunately, it’s during the summer holidays that your home is left susceptible to opportunistic thieves. Here are ADT's top tips for holidaymakers this summer... ADT and Energy Efficiency At ADT, security is at the heart of everything we do. But what you probably didn’t know is how our ADT Smart Home Security, along with other devices, can in fact improve your home’s energy efficiency. Read more ADT and Energy Efficiency At ADT, security is at the heart of everything we do. But what you probably didn’t know is how our ADT Smart Home Security, along with other devices, can in fact improve your home’s energy efficiency. Microchipping Cats and Dogs In this guide, we’ll explain exactly what a microchip is and highlight just how crucial it is for you to microchip your pet. Read more Microchipping Cats and Dogs In this guide, we’ll explain exactly what a microchip is and highlight just how crucial it is for you to microchip your pet. How to keep your pets safe at home Dogs and cats aren’t just pets; they’re part of the family. And as such, we all want to keep our four-legged family members safe – especially when they’re home alone. Below we’ve put together some handy tips on leaving your pets home alone, to keep them safe and you worry-free. Read more How to keep your pets safe at home Dogs and cats aren’t just pets; they’re part of the family. And as such, we all want to keep our four-legged family members safe – especially when they’re home alone. Below we’ve put together some handy tips on leaving your pets home alone, to keep them safe and you worry-free. How to prevent phishing scams With increasingly sophisticated phishing scams on the rise, how can you protect yourself? To mark Safer Internet Day on 8 February, here are our top tips to stay one step ahead of the fraudsters. Read more How to prevent phishing scams With increasingly sophisticated phishing scams on the rise, how can you protect yourself? To mark Safer Internet Day on 8 February, here are our top tips to stay one step ahead of the fraudsters. ADT’s Police Response packages are now ECHO-connected ADT is introducing a few system updates designed to improve your safety when your alarm is triggered. Read more below about ECHO, how you can benefit, and what that means for your alarm system. Read more ADT’s Police Response packages are now ECHO-connected ADT is introducing a few system updates designed to improve your safety when your alarm is triggered. Read more below about ECHO, how you can benefit, and what that means for your alarm system. Shining a light on smarter home security Join us to find out what features ADT Outdoor Wi-Fi cameras offer and how an integrated system from ADT takes home security to the next level, night and day. Read more Shining a light on smarter home security Join us to find out what features ADT Outdoor Wi-Fi cameras offer and how an integrated system from ADT takes home security to the next level, night and day. How to enjoy log burners, the safe way In recent years we’ve seen a log burner revival, as many Brits look to combine warmth and style, with a roaring fire seen as the ultimate living room accessory. Despite safety concerns, log burners are very much here to stay, so we’ve created a guide to help you enjoy using one safely. Read more How to enjoy log burners, the safe way In recent years we’ve seen a log burner revival, as many Brits look to combine warmth and style, with a roaring fire seen as the ultimate living room accessory. Despite safety concerns, log burners are very much here to stay, so we’ve created a guide to help you enjoy using one safely. ADT Home Security Quiz Calling all home security experts. The time has come for you to strut your stuff and test your knowledge with our home security quiz. Read more ADT Home Security Quiz Calling all home security experts. The time has come for you to strut your stuff and test your knowledge with our home security quiz. National Security Month The security of your home is far too important to leave to chance. Here at ADT we want to help you get a clearer picture of home security so to mark National Security Month, we’ve done a spot of mythbusting. Read more National Security Month The security of your home is far too important to leave to chance. Here at ADT we want to help you get a clearer picture of home security so to mark National Security Month, we’ve done a spot of mythbusting. CCTV vs IP Cameras If you're concerned about the security of your home, installing a reliable surveillance system can give you, and your family, peace of mind. To help you choose the right surveillance system for your circumstances, we've covered all the basics of CCTV and IP cameras in this blog. Read more CCTV vs IP Cameras If you're concerned about the security of your home, installing a reliable surveillance system can give you, and your family, peace of mind. To help you choose the right surveillance system for your circumstances, we've covered all the basics of CCTV and IP cameras in this blog. Post-lockdown Anxiety: Looking After Your Mental Health Due to lockdowns, most of us haven’t socialised with more than one other household since sometime last year – so while it’s exciting to see shops and restaurants reopening, the prospect of getting out there is also a little nerve-racking. Read more Post-lockdown Anxiety: Looking After Your Mental Health Due to lockdowns, most of us haven’t socialised with more than one other household since sometime last year – so while it’s exciting to see shops and restaurants reopening, the prospect of getting out there is also a little nerve-racking. 10 Ways to Protect Your Home When Normality Returns Thanks to the coronavirus pandemic, it’s safe to say the majority of the UK public has spent a lot of the last year at home. As restrictions ease and we are out of the home more, we’ve put together this quick list of home security tips, to help you resume your life with peace of mind. Read more 10 Ways to Protect Your Home When Normality Returns Thanks to the coronavirus pandemic, it’s safe to say the majority of the UK public has spent a lot of the last year at home. As restrictions ease and we are out of the home more, we’ve put together this quick list of home security tips, to help you resume your life with peace of mind. Security During a Power Cut Whether it’s after a storm, during maintenance work or simply after something’s gone wrong at the power station, power cuts are inconvenient at the best of times. Read more Security During a Power Cut Whether it’s after a storm, during maintenance work or simply after something’s gone wrong at the power station, power cuts are inconvenient at the best of times. DIY security: are smart security systems still vulnerable to hackers? After years of warnings about the dangers of cheap, off-the-shelf security systems the government has finally acted to address the issue. But do their measures go far enough? And how can you be sure that your own system doesn’t fall prey to hackers? Read more DIY security: are smart security systems still vulnerable to hackers? After years of warnings about the dangers of cheap, off-the-shelf security systems the government has finally acted to address the issue. But do their measures go far enough? And how can you be sure that your own system doesn’t fall prey to hackers? Five Reasons To Invest in a Video Doorbell Video doorbells, also known as smart doorbells, allow you to virtually answer your door from your phone or smart device. Read more Five Reasons To Invest in a Video Doorbell Video doorbells, also known as smart doorbells, allow you to virtually answer your door from your phone or smart device. Upgrading Your Home Security In these uncertain times it’s only natural to think about protecting the things we hold dear. For anyone with a home alarm, one of the easiest and quickest things you can do is to look at upgrading your existing security system. Read more Upgrading Your Home Security In these uncertain times it’s only natural to think about protecting the things we hold dear. For anyone with a home alarm, one of the easiest and quickest things you can do is to look at upgrading your existing security system. Help Protect Your Garden Shed Against Fire Even a quick online search for “shed fire” returns a worrying number of results in the UK. In the first few months of summer 2020, dozens of fires in garden sheds were reported across the country, from Somerset to Suffolk. Read more Help Protect Your Garden Shed Against Fire Even a quick online search for “shed fire” returns a worrying number of results in the UK. In the first few months of summer 2020, dozens of fires in garden sheds were reported across the country, from Somerset to Suffolk. How To Protect Against Doorstep Scams Most people are aware of phone scammers or phishing emails, but what happens when a fraudster turns up at your front door? It can be far more intimidating, and trickier to deal with than just hanging up or pressing ‘delete’. Read more How To Protect Against Doorstep Scams Most people are aware of phone scammers or phishing emails, but what happens when a fraudster turns up at your front door? It can be far more intimidating, and trickier to deal with than just hanging up or pressing ‘delete’. Do burglar alarms reduce the cost of home insurance? With home insurance premiums increasing by nearly 3% in the last year*, it’s no wonder people are looking to reduce the amount they pay. Does adding a burglar alarm make a difference to home insurance premiums? Read more Do burglar alarms reduce the cost of home insurance? With home insurance premiums increasing by nearly 3% in the last year*, it’s no wonder people are looking to reduce the amount they pay. Does adding a burglar alarm make a difference to home insurance premiums? Can I install my own home security system? The simple answer to that question is yes you can. And it’s likely to cost less than a professionally installed alarm, but when it comes to protecting your home and the things that are most valuable to you, nothing compares to a tailored home security package from ADT. Read more Can I install my own home security system? The simple answer to that question is yes you can. And it’s likely to cost less than a professionally installed alarm, but when it comes to protecting your home and the things that are most valuable to you, nothing compares to a tailored home security package from ADT. The homebuyers’ security checklist When it comes to buying a new home, we all have the same broad criteria for making our decision. “Location, location, location” may be the mantra but schools, transport links and local amenities will also be near the top of most homebuyers’ lists. But there’s another checklist we should have in mind when weighing up the pros and cons of a potential move: security. Read more The homebuyers’ security checklist When it comes to buying a new home, we all have the same broad criteria for making our decision. “Location, location, location” may be the mantra but schools, transport links and local amenities will also be near the top of most homebuyers’ lists. But there’s another checklist we should have in mind when weighing up the pros and cons of a potential move: security. What is video analytics? If you’re looking up smart security, you’ll read a lot about video technology. From smart cameras to video doorbells, it’s fast becoming a modern security essential - and for good reason. Read more What is video analytics? If you’re looking up smart security, you’ll read a lot about video technology. From smart cameras to video doorbells, it’s fast becoming a modern security essential - and for good reason. Top tips on hiding valuables at home In the UK, it’s estimated that there’s a burglary every 40 seconds1. That’s thousands of break-ins across the country each year. From planned to opportunistic, most thieves won’t hang around for long, grabbing as many valuables as they can and turning tail before they draw attention to themselves. Read more Top tips on hiding valuables at home In the UK, it’s estimated that there’s a burglary every 40 seconds1. That’s thousands of break-ins across the country each year. From planned to opportunistic, most thieves won’t hang around for long, grabbing as many valuables as they can and turning tail before they draw attention to themselves. Best Places To Hide Easter Eggs - Blog Easter egg hunts will be in full swing across the UK, with kids and grown-ups alike searching homes and gardens – depending on the Great British weather. But where are the best places to secure those chocolate treats? Read more Best Places To Hide Easter Eggs - Blog Easter egg hunts will be in full swing across the UK, with kids and grown-ups alike searching homes and gardens – depending on the Great British weather. But where are the best places to secure those chocolate treats? Five Top Tips For Coping With Lockdown Covid-19 means we’re all going to be spending a lot more time at home over the next few months. These simple tips will help you look after yourself and others in these uncertain times. Read more Five Top Tips For Coping With Lockdown Covid-19 means we’re all going to be spending a lot more time at home over the next few months. These simple tips will help you look after yourself and others in these uncertain times. Spring clean your home security Whether you already have a home security system, or you’re thinking about installing one, here’s ADT’s top tips to spruce up your home security. Read more Spring clean your home security Whether you already have a home security system, or you’re thinking about installing one, here’s ADT’s top tips to spruce up your home security. Stranger at the door? Here’s how to stay safe. As children, one of the first lessons we’re taught is about stranger danger. Read ADT’s article on how to stay safe and speak to someone outside without even opening your door. Read more Stranger at the door? Here’s how to stay safe. As children, one of the first lessons we’re taught is about stranger danger. Read ADT’s article on how to stay safe and speak to someone outside without even opening your door. Can I add cameras to my ADT system? In short, yes you can. Here we have highlighted the different ranges of cameras you can add to your ADT system, find out which is right for you. Read more Can I add cameras to my ADT system? In short, yes you can. Here we have highlighted the different ranges of cameras you can add to your ADT system, find out which is right for you. Which is the best guard dog to put off burglars? Read ADT’s list of the top five dogs that are both good guard dogs and pawfectly family friendly. Read more Which is the best guard dog to put off burglars? Read ADT’s list of the top five dogs that are both good guard dogs and pawfectly family friendly. Security for a new decade 2020 is upon us, a brand-new and exciting decade of tech innovations. Here’s a sneak peak of the new ADT products coming your way. Read more Security for a new decade 2020 is upon us, a brand-new and exciting decade of tech innovations. Here’s a sneak peak of the new ADT products coming your way. A decade of security tech later Security technology has evolved beyond recognition over the last 10 years; read ADT’s round-up of the top tech that’s making our world a safer place. Read more A decade of security tech later Security technology has evolved beyond recognition over the last 10 years; read ADT’s round-up of the top tech that’s making our world a safer place. Our top spots to hide their Christmas presents Take a look at ADT’s list of the top hiding spaces around the home to ensure present hunters don’t find their gift before the big day. Read more Our top spots to hide their Christmas presents Take a look at ADT’s list of the top hiding spaces around the home to ensure present hunters don’t find their gift before the big day. How to keep your Black Friday bargains secure Take a look at ADT’s list of great ways to protect your Black Friday bargains and reduce the risk of them being stolen. Read more How to keep your Black Friday bargains secure Take a look at ADT’s list of great ways to protect your Black Friday bargains and reduce the risk of them being stolen. Are you inviting hackers into your home? Which? reported that cheap home security cameras are allowing hackers to access your home. Read ADT’s tips on finding the best security camera for you. Read more Are you inviting hackers into your home? Which? reported that cheap home security cameras are allowing hackers to access your home. Read ADT’s tips on finding the best security camera for you. Keeping your home safe during long winter nights By Michael Fraser - I have the well-earned accolade of being a ‘burglary expert’, which is quite fair, as I am in fact a reformed burglar; I now use all my insider knowledge from my prior criminal life to help people protect their homes and businesses from unscrupulous thieves. Read more Keeping your home safe during long winter nights By Michael Fraser - I have the well-earned accolade of being a ‘burglary expert’, which is quite fair, as I am in fact a reformed burglar; I now use all my insider knowledge from my prior criminal life to help people protect their homes and businesses from unscrupulous thieves. Why age is just a number when it comes to smart tech The main barrier for older adults embracing smart tech is education. Read ADT’s Smart Home innovations, see what they are and how they can make life easier. Read more Why age is just a number when it comes to smart tech The main barrier for older adults embracing smart tech is education. Read ADT’s Smart Home innovations, see what they are and how they can make life easier. How to secure a modern office ADT have put together a list of simple ways you can ensure office safety and keep that attractive modern culture thriving too. Read more How to secure a modern office ADT have put together a list of simple ways you can ensure office safety and keep that attractive modern culture thriving too. How to get kids thinking about home security Read ADT’s top tips to get your kids thinking about keeping the family home secure. Read more How to get kids thinking about home security Read ADT’s top tips to get your kids thinking about keeping the family home secure. Top security tips to beat the bike thieves Almost 40,000 people report stolen bicycles each year in the UK. But, with ADT’s bike security tips you can avoid becoming part of that number. Read more Top security tips to beat the bike thieves Almost 40,000 people report stolen bicycles each year in the UK. But, with ADT’s bike security tips you can avoid becoming part of that number. Outdoor fire safety this summer Did you know over 27k fires are started on UK heathland and moorland each year? Read ADT’s guide to outdoor fire safety. Read more Outdoor fire safety this summer Did you know over 27k fires are started on UK heathland and moorland each year? Read ADT’s guide to outdoor fire safety. Your guide to garage door security Garages are often where we keep some of our most valuable assets, read ADT’s guide to keeping your garage door safer. Read more Your guide to garage door security Garages are often where we keep some of our most valuable assets, read ADT’s guide to keeping your garage door safer. Where are Britain’s safest coastal towns and cities? Whether you’re retiring to the coast, moving for work, or looking to relocate - read ADT’s list of the safest places to live on the UK coastline. Read more Where are Britain’s safest coastal towns and cities? Whether you’re retiring to the coast, moving for work, or looking to relocate - read ADT’s list of the safest places to live on the UK coastline. How to protect your home’s value Read ADT’s list of security features to ensure you protect that extra home value following a renovation or extension. Read more How to protect your home’s value Read ADT’s list of security features to ensure you protect that extra home value following a renovation or extension. Everybody needs good neighbours The experts at ADT have some top tips on how you and your neighbours can help improve neighbourhood security. Read more Everybody needs good neighbours The experts at ADT have some top tips on how you and your neighbours can help improve neighbourhood security. How to keep kids safe online The internet is an increasingly scary place, especially for parents, read ADT’s top tips on how to enforce internet safety for children. Read more How to keep kids safe online The internet is an increasingly scary place, especially for parents, read ADT’s top tips on how to enforce internet safety for children. Do burglars return to the same house? With 1 in 4 homes being retargeted by burglars, ADT have a list of tips to help ensure your home is secure after a burglary. Read more Do burglars return to the same house? With 1 in 4 homes being retargeted by burglars, ADT have a list of tips to help ensure your home is secure after a burglary. Top construction site security tips If you’re in the construction industry, you’ll know the conflicting feeling of leaving your tools on-site, read ADT’s top tips for keeping your site secure. Read more Top construction site security tips If you’re in the construction industry, you’ll know the conflicting feeling of leaving your tools on-site, read ADT’s top tips for keeping your site secure. How to keep valuables safe while travelling With summer just around the corner, many of us will be looking forward to a holiday away. However, while we’re happy to spend long hours thinking about sightseeing and sunbathing, keeping our valuables safe while we’re away is often the last thing on our holiday checklist. Read more How to keep valuables safe while travelling With summer just around the corner, many of us will be looking forward to a holiday away. However, while we’re happy to spend long hours thinking about sightseeing and sunbathing, keeping our valuables safe while we’re away is often the last thing on our holiday checklist. What is a monitored alarm and are the benefits worth it? The very first Monitored alarm system was established in the US in 1866 by the president of the Gold and Stock Telegraph Company after he was disturbed in his home by a burglar. The idea then – as now – is that when an alarm is triggered it immediately notifies a separate monitoring centre. That means there’s always someone watching over your home, whether you’re there or not. Read more What is a monitored alarm and are the benefits worth it? The very first Monitored alarm system was established in the US in 1866 by the president of the Gold and Stock Telegraph Company after he was disturbed in his home by a burglar. The idea then – as now – is that when an alarm is triggered it immediately notifies a separate monitoring centre. That means there’s always someone watching over your home, whether you’re there or not. Don’t let burglars ruin the bank holiday for your business Everyone loves a bank holiday weekend. With not one but two three-day weekends in May, the opportunities for career criminals to target unstaffed premises are particularly high. Sadly, commercial crime is on the rise in the UK according to the latest figures*. The good news is there are lots of ways for you to boost security ahead of the May bank holidays thanks to ADT’s expert business security tips. Read more Don’t let burglars ruin the bank holiday for your business Everyone loves a bank holiday weekend. With not one but two three-day weekends in May, the opportunities for career criminals to target unstaffed premises are particularly high. Sadly, commercial crime is on the rise in the UK according to the latest figures*. The good news is there are lots of ways for you to boost security ahead of the May bank holidays thanks to ADT’s expert business security tips. What Kind Of Home Security Hunter Are You? With Easter fast approaching, kids and grown-ups alike will be looking forward to getting stuck into a traditional Easter egg hunt. There’s not really a game plan as such - and that’s half the fun. Running around looking high and low for shiny chocolate treats is about as complicated as it gets. But that’s not a strategy you’d want to apply to something as important as home security. That’s why we’ve put together this useful guide to help you work out just what kind of home security hunter you are, and which products best match your needs. Read more What Kind Of Home Security Hunter Are You? With Easter fast approaching, kids and grown-ups alike will be looking forward to getting stuck into a traditional Easter egg hunt. There’s not really a game plan as such - and that’s half the fun. Running around looking high and low for shiny chocolate treats is about as complicated as it gets. But that’s not a strategy you’d want to apply to something as important as home security. That’s why we’ve put together this useful guide to help you work out just what kind of home security hunter you are, and which products best match your needs. ADT’s Guide to Avoiding Daylight Robbery It’s easy to assume that burglars are creatures of the night, skulking in the shadows waiting to make their move under the cover of darkness. In fact, research paints a very different picture. Read more ADT’s Guide to Avoiding Daylight Robbery It’s easy to assume that burglars are creatures of the night, skulking in the shadows waiting to make their move under the cover of darkness. In fact, research paints a very different picture. How to secure your doors on a budget When we think of burglaries, a smashed window might be the first image that springs to mind. But in fact, a massive 75% of burglaries are attempted via a door, with 46% involving a forced lock.* Read more How to secure your doors on a budget When we think of burglaries, a smashed window might be the first image that springs to mind. But in fact, a massive 75% of burglaries are attempted via a door, with 46% involving a forced lock.* Always keep home insurance small print in mind We’ve all heard stories about home insurance claims going unpaid – even when the incident wasn’t the claimant’s fault. If you don’t check through the T&Cs you can easily get caught out, leaving you out of pocket in a tough spot. Read more Always keep home insurance small print in mind We’ve all heard stories about home insurance claims going unpaid – even when the incident wasn’t the claimant’s fault. If you don’t check through the T&Cs you can easily get caught out, leaving you out of pocket in a tough spot. Making your home secure for your baby The desire to protect a new baby is one of the most basic impulses humans have. And in the months before your little one is due the urge to ‘nest’ is often overwhelming. Preparing your home for a new arrival can involve everything from decorating their room and choosing new nursery furniture to buying nappies (lots of nappies) and making sure you’ve got enough meals in the freezer to get you through those hectic first few weeks. But aside from the domestic duties, it’s also important to get the right security in place. Here are a few tips from the experts at ADT: Read more Making your home secure for your baby The desire to protect a new baby is one of the most basic impulses humans have. And in the months before your little one is due the urge to ‘nest’ is often overwhelming. Preparing your home for a new arrival can involve everything from decorating their room and choosing new nursery furniture to buying nappies (lots of nappies) and making sure you’ve got enough meals in the freezer to get you through those hectic first few weeks. But aside from the domestic duties, it’s also important to get the right security in place. Here are a few tips from the experts at ADT: Safest places to live in the UK, revealed Buying a new home takes time, planning and research. But while property websites will tell you about the nearest train stations and schools, they won’t tell you the area’s crime statistics. Read more Safest places to live in the UK, revealed Buying a new home takes time, planning and research. But while property websites will tell you about the nearest train stations and schools, they won’t tell you the area’s crime statistics. How to test the health of your smoke alarm We’ve all seen the ads that ask: ‘When’s the last time you checked your smoke alarm?’. But, with our busy, modern lives it’s rarely at the top of our to-do list. Read more How to test the health of your smoke alarm We’ve all seen the ads that ask: ‘When’s the last time you checked your smoke alarm?’. But, with our busy, modern lives it’s rarely at the top of our to-do list. Make 2019 your safest year yet Starting the new year with a few simple security resolutions is a great way to get into good habits for 2019 and beyond. Read more Make 2019 your safest year yet Starting the new year with a few simple security resolutions is a great way to get into good habits for 2019 and beyond. Are you inviting burglars over for Christmas? Unfortunately, Christmas is the most burgled time of the year, according to UK crime statistics. Follow ADT’s security checklist to keep your home safe. Read more Are you inviting burglars over for Christmas? Unfortunately, Christmas is the most burgled time of the year, according to UK crime statistics. Follow ADT’s security checklist to keep your home safe. How to stay safe online this Christmas Avoid online fraud and identity theft this Christmas with these simple security steps from ADT. Read more How to stay safe online this Christmas Avoid online fraud and identity theft this Christmas with these simple security steps from ADT. Top security tips for your apartment or flat There are plenty of ways to make the most of apartment & flat living while safeguarding your home and belongings. Read more Top security tips for your apartment or flat There are plenty of ways to make the most of apartment & flat living while safeguarding your home and belongings. How to keep your pets calm on Bonfire Night Around 45% of dogs are frightened by bright flashes & loud bangs. But with just a few simple steps, you can make Bonfire Night a lot more pleasant for your pets. Read more How to keep your pets calm on Bonfire Night Around 45% of dogs are frightened by bright flashes & loud bangs. But with just a few simple steps, you can make Bonfire Night a lot more pleasant for your pets. Is your home October-proof? Our list of top tips will help prevent you from becoming another crime statistic during the worst month of the year for burglaries. Read more Is your home October-proof? Our list of top tips will help prevent you from becoming another crime statistic during the worst month of the year for burglaries. How to write a great mystery/thriller – By Sophie Hannah ​Read distinguished crime author Sophie Hannah’s tips on how to write a great thriller. Read more How to write a great mystery/thriller – By Sophie Hannah ​Read distinguished crime author Sophie Hannah’s tips on how to write a great thriller. 149 years of protecting what matters 149 years About ADT Johnson Controls Blog Careers CSR Agent Enquiry Contact Us Sitemap Trustpilot About ADT Johnson Controls Blog Careers CSR Agent Enquiry Contact Us Sitemap About ADT Johnson Controls Blog Careers CSR Agent Enquiry Sitemap Trustpilot