 10/2023 “Your privacy is not a game” Ubisoft teams create original and memorable experiences so that players can have fun, interact with others and take pleasure through our games, applications, websites and online services (collectively hereinafter referred to as our “Services”). Services We collect your personal data so that you can benefit from our Services and we make it our duty to adhere to the rules of the game! This privacy policy is designed to help you understand how your data is used, inform you of your rights and how to exercise your rights. 1. What is personal data? “Personal Data” (or “Data”), is all information that identifies you: Personal Data Data For more information about the Data that Ubisoft collects, go to Section 3 “When does Ubisoft collect your Data and for what purpose?”. 2. Can minors access our Services? 3. When does Ubisoft collect your Personal Data and for what purpose? We may collect your Data when: a) You create a Ubisoft account (hereinafter referred to as your “Account”). We collect your user name, password, email address, date of birth and country. Some items of Data, such as your user name, are made public to allow your community to find you in our Services. When you create your Account, you can manage your subscription to receive the Ubisoft newsletter by email. You can unsubscribe at any time by: You can rest assured that, even if you unsubscribe, you will still receive the necessary emails for the management of your Account (for example, if you forget your password). b) You sign into our Services with a social login or your credentials from a third party platform (for example, Facebook, Twitch). We collect the Data that you have agreed to share via the social media site or third party platform in question. c) You make a purchase in our games and in our online services We collect the Data needed to process your purchase, such as your last name, first name, mailing and email addresses, country, bank details and purchase history. This Data is sent to our partner service providers that are in charge of the payment and the delivery of your purchase (to learn more, go to Section 5 “How does Ubisoft share your Personal Data?”). d) You use our games, applications, websites and online services on a computer or mobile telephone. We collect: game data login and browsing data We use various types of technologies such as cookies to collect such Data when you use our Services or visit a third party site where we and our partners provide content or carry out content use analysis. cookies We allow some of our partners to set and access their Cookies on your device. These partners’ use of Cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy. You can also adjust your browser settings to understand when these Cookies are stored on your device or to disable the Cookies by consulting your browser’s “Help” menu. Please note that these settings may affect your ability to shop online or to access certain features of our Services whenever these Cookies are needed for the operation of our Services. e) You play a Ubisoft game on your console. We may collect Data such as your age, country, user name and email address, which has been provided on your consoles in order to simplify the creation of your Account. We also collect data transmitted by console manufacturers such as your console identifier, your game data as well as the data associated with any bugs and malfunctions. f) You interact with other players (forums, chat rooms, Ubisoft social media pages ). We collect Data such as your user name, IP address, the date, time, and we save the content of your messages to allow you to interact with other players in a secure environment. g) You are exposed to personalised advertisements or content on our Services or those of our partners . We collect Data such as your age and gender, the advertisement and the number of times it was watched, its location in the game and the identifier of your device. We also collect information about your actions in relation to the advertisement, such as the sites visited as well as the dates and times of the visits. We can combine the Data collected with our partners when you use our Services. We also combine this Data with demographic, advertising and market studies or with other analytic surveys. We may also use all of your Data collected to offer you personalised advertisements, products, services or content (hereinafter referred to as “Personalised Content”) via our Services or those of our partners. Personalised Content If you wish to withdraw your consent or object to the personalisation of advertisements, please go to Section 6 “What are your rights and how do you exercise your rights”, then to the paragraph “Give and withdraw your consent”. h) You take part in a contest or survey organised by Ubisoft. We collect your last name, first name, date of birth, mailing and email addresses. We use this Data to administer the contest or the survey, to send you promotional offers and/or for internal statistical purposes. i) You contact us via the Ubisoft Customer Support portal or social media. If you contact us via the Customer Support portal, we collect Data such as your last name, first name, user name, email address, date of birth, country, console identifier and games registered on your Account, depending on your questions or requests. If you contact us via social media, we collect some of the Data included on your profile. We only use this Data to appropriately respond to your questions and requests. j) You do not comply with the rules of the game. If you do not abide by these rules, you may be sanctioned including in the event of inappropriate conduct, cheating or toxic behaviour. We will keep your Data for the time needed to apply these sanctions. This Data may include for example your Account identifier, your game data, your IP address, the identifier of your device and your chat history. k) You create a Quartz account. When you create a Quartz account, we may collect and process your personal information (such as your crypto-wallet public address and information relating to the transactions you operate) to provide the services available to you on Ubisoft Quartz. We may combine this information with other personal data we hold about you, including information from your Ubisoft Connect account, for example to assess your eligibility to use the Ubisoft Quartz services. In the course of providing you the Services on Ubisoft Quartz, we may share your crypto-wallet public address with independent controllers to process the transactions you operate. Some of your personal information (including your Ubisoft username and your crypto-wallet public address) will be embedded into the Digits. Due to the nature of blockchain, the retention period of the personal data embedded in the Digits is aligned with the duration of the blockchain, which means that your rights to rectification and erasure may not be extended to the data embedded in the Digits. 4. How long does Ubisoft keep your Personal Data? Unless the law specifies a different retention period, Ubisoft will only keep your Data for the time strictly necessary to carry out the operations for which said Data has been collected by Ubisoft. For example, we will keep the Data associated with your Account until the closure of the Account. In some cases, the Data may be kept for a longer period such as when it is needed for us to apply a sanction. 5. How does Ubisoft share your Personal Data? We may share your Data with: 6. What are your rights and how do you exercise your rights? Obtain a copy of your Data – “Right of access and data portability”: If you have been sanctioned in relation to our Services, we will not be able to give you access to the Data regarding your sanction so as to maintain our ability to detect or take action against such behaviour. Correct your Data – “Right to rectification”: Give and withdraw your consent – “Right to object and withdraw your consent”: Delete your Account – “Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)”: If you have been sanctioned in relation to our Services, we cannot delete the Data regarding your sanction as to allow us to maintain your sanction. Limit the use of your Data – “Right to restriction of processing”: If you feel that your rights have not been respected after having contacted us, you have the right to make a complaint to the regulatory authority in your country. For the Howrse/Equideow Services: 7. When can Ubisoft use your Data? We can use your Data in one of the following circumstances: The existence of a contract legitimate interest Your consent Ubisoft is entitled to change this policy at any time. We will inform you of the material updates and recommend that you consult this policy on a regular basis or contact us if you have any questions. Using our Services following such a change means that you accept any changes. 8. Contact If you have any questions about this document, please contact: Local contacts Canada Attention: Legal Department Address: Ubisoft: 5505 St-Laurent Blvd., Suite 5000, Montréal, Québec, H2T 1S6, Canada South Korea Attention: Ms. Eun-Mi Kim (김은미) Address: 28 Saemunan-ro 5ga-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul Telephone number: 02-736-8275 United States Attention: Ubisoft, Inc., Privacy Rights Administrator c/o Legal Department Address: 625 third Street San Francisco, 94107 CA, USA