Explore YouGov's freely accessible data Discover our public data, featuring a diverse range of survey results, articles, trackers and popularity rankings. From the latest political surveys to in-depth analysis, find out what the world thinks. Helping the world's most recognised brands, media owners and agencies Get intelligence from our ever-growing source of consumer data on 26 million+ registered panel members in 55+ markets. We call it living data. Explore Surveys Plan Audience Intelligence Activate Campaign Activation Track Brands & Campaigns Members I take surveys and earn points as a member of the YouGov panel. Business I access YouGov products and services as a business. Join millions of others in sharing your opinion on politics, sport and more. Access audience intelligence, brand tracking and research about your sector. Public Data For Business Sign in Sign up Terms & conditions WEBSITE TERMS & CONDITIONS OF USE Last updated: 25.04.2023 These Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) set out the rules for using this website and all associated sites linked to our sites (collectively, “our sites”) and our relationship with you as you interact with the services on our sites. Who we are and how to contact us This site is owned and operated by a YouGov plc group company (“we, us, our”). YouGov plc is a company registered in England and Wales with company number 03607311 whose registered office is at 50 Featherstone Street, London, EC1Y 8RT, United Kingdom . By using our site you accept these Terms We require all visitors to our sites adhere to these Terms. By using our sites, you acknowledge and confirm that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them at all times while using our sites. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not use our sites. There are other Terms that may apply to you These Terms refer to the that may apply to your use of our site. If you purchase products or services through our site, the applicable sales terms available at the point of purchase will apply to your purchase. How you may use content on our sites We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site and the content therein, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, audio, video, photographs, software, inventions, surveys, logos or other materials (“Materials”). The Materials are the intellectual property of, or are authorised for use by, YouGov and its licensors, business partners and affiliates, including all trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, database rights and trade secrets contained therein. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal and non-commercial use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site. You may not use YouGov content or Materials for any commercial purposes or advantage or financial gain without the express written permission from YouGov. If you wish to use our content or Materials in this way please contact legal@yougov.com. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged. If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these Terms, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. Information provided by you You should not provide any confidential or proprietary information to us via our site. Any information provided by you, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions or the like shall be deemed non-confidential and shall become the property of us. Furthermore, you agree to grant us an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, modify, and distribute any such information provided to us through your use of our site. We expressly disclaim any and all responsibility, liability and accountability for any content or other material posted on our site by any user or visitor. You are solely responsible for any material or information posted, published, submitted, or otherwise made available on our site by you. Any entries written by visitors or other uses of our site does not constitute an endorsement by us of any material or information posted on our site by third parties. Unauthorised use You may not use our sites: (i) in any way that breaches any applicable local, national, or international law or regulation, or causes us to breach any applicable law or regulation; (ii) to transmit or submit any harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, deceptive, fraudulent, obscene, indecent, vulgar, lewd, violent, hateful or otherwise objectionable content or material; (iii) to post or submit any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or spam; (iv) to stalk, bully or harass any user or visitor to our site; or, (v) for any other improper or immoral purpose. We do not authorize you to incorporate any content from our site in any commercial document or website, or in any material sold or made available for profit without our written consent. Further, you may not: modify, copy, reproduce, create derivative works, republish, display, upload, post, transmit, or distribute in any way the content, materials and information made available on our site reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, decode, adapt, or otherwise attempt to derive or gain access to any software component of our sites, in whole or in part remove any proprietary notices from our site use the site in any way that may adversely affect or corrupt our sites (including uploading any material that contains a virus or other malicious code) or which may cause our sites to be damaged or impaired in any way systematically scrape, crawl, harvest, retrieve, or otherwise gather by electronic means any data or other content from our sites to copy, create, acquire or compile- directly or indirectly, in single or multiple downloads- a collection compilation, database directory or similar. Accuracy of content The content on our site is provided for general information only. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date and such information is provided “as-is”. We also do not promise or guarantee that our site or any of its content will provide you any specific results or that your use of our sites are suitable for your purposes and we accept no liability for your use or interpretation of the information or data found on our sites. We are not responsible for websites we link to Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of any linked sites or resources and you assume all responsibility for your use of those linked sites or resources. We may make changes to these Terms We may amend these Terms from time to time without notice Please check the Terms to ensure you understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of our website at that time. Your continued use of our site following any amendments or changes to these Terms will mean you accept and agree to any such amendments or changes. We may make changes to our sites We may update or change our sites, or any portion of our sites, from time to time to reflect changes to our products and/or services, our users’ needs and/or our business priorities. We may suspend or withdraw our sites Our sites are made available free of charge. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons without notice or liability of any kind. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal if possible. Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you You have certain rights that can’t be limited by a contract like these Terms. These Terms are in no way intended to restrict those rights We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. In the event we supply any products or services to you, different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result, which will be set out in our terms and conditions applicable to such products or services in your region. . We exclude all express or implied warranties, conditions representations or other terms that may apply to our site or any content on it, including but not limited to accuracy, non-infringement, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. These Terms only limit our liability as allowed by applicable law. Other than as described in this section, we will not be liable to you for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise unless they’re caused by our breach of these Terms. We will not be liable for the following liabilities: loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue; business interruption; loss of anticipated savings; loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or any indirect or consequential loss or damage. Further, we disclaim any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any third parties in connection with or related to your use of the site and any of our products and services. Your sole remedy against YouGov for dissatisfaction with our site or any content relating thereto is to stop using the site or any such content. You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims against us arising out of or based on your non-compliance with these Terms or your linking our sites to your website How we may use your personal information We will only use personal information you provide to us as set out in our . We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them We do not guarantee that our site, or any information you download from our site, will be secure or free from bugs or viruses of any kind. You are solely responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software. You must not misuse our site by introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored, or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial-of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately. Rules about linking to our site You may link to our site home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your website. You shall not link our sites to any website or materials that may be libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes or violates any third party rights . We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to withdraw linking permission without notice. If you wish to link to our site other than that set out above, please contact legal@yougov.com. You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims against us arising out of or based on your non-compliance with these Terms or your linking our sites to your website. Which country’s laws apply to any disputes? If you are a consumer, please note that these Terms, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. If you are a business, these Terms, their subject matter and their formation (and any non-contractual disputes or claims) are governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. To the extent that applicable local law prevents certain disputes from being resolved in the courts of England and Wales, then you can file those disputes in your local courts. Likewise, if applicable local law prevents your local court from applying English law to resolve these disputes, then these disputes will be governed by the applicable local laws of your country, state, or other place of residence. Our trade marks are registered You are not permitted to use any trade mark owned by YouGov plc or our group companies without our prior approval, unless they are part of material you are using as permitted under “How you may use material on our site”. Miscellaneous If any part of these Terms is declared invalid, unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. At the heart of our company is a global online community, where millions of people and thousands of political, cultural and commercial organizations engage in a continuous conversation about their beliefs, behaviours and brands. COMPANY GLOBAL SITES Copyright © 2023 YouGov PLC. All Rights Reserved