my subreddits - | use the following search parameters to narrow your results: e.g. subreddit:aww site:imgur.com dog this post was submitted on 02 Dec 2021144 points (97% upvoted)shortlink: this post was submitted on 02 Dec 2021 this post was submitted on 144 points (97% upvoted) 144 points shortlink: login Get an ad-free experience with special benefits, and directly support Reddit. 206,577 readers 206,577 readers 396 users here now 396 users here now is not hardware... If posting a problem, please include your system specs, such as OS, software version (if applicable) etc. RULES a community for 15 years MODERATORS X 4 FreeCommander XE 2024 Build 900 32-bit public 2 · 3 comments 2 3 comments Looking for a program that can play M4b audio-book files, or convert them to Mp3, or MP4. 2 · 1 comment 1 comment Is there a way to write a script that makes edits to a website I don't own? 2 · 4 comments 4 comments Looking for adult speed reading and reading comprehension software or app 1 · 1 comment 1 Free equalizer app for windows ? 1 · 3 comments Free Speech to Text Software for Windows 11? 4 · 8 comments 8 comments Pdf editor/reader with the search function showing all the search results (how many words, which page etc) Simple Stepper, my first Android app developed from scratch, final release - Please give Feedback 0 Instapaper/pocket alternative optimized for t2s Launcher/Themes for windows 10 143144145 143 145 Looking for software  all 161 comments sorted by: best Want to add to the discussion?Post a comment!Create an account Post a comment! Create an account [removed] 1 point 2 points 3 points Copypasted spam dont bother 0 points Do you by chance know if that Youtube dl gui further down the comments also has a Android Version? 15 points 16 points 17 points Just use this or this Helpful Ⅱ 4 points I use ytdl-gui and it works great. I've used it in the past but when i use it now it tries to download ISO files to install spyware and other crap :| The advertisement of ytmp3.cc has been restrained a lot, you can try it again it has? Just today it tried to silently download an app to my machine was it an apk? that's happened to me also but i can usually cancel it before it's fully downloaded. my problem on that site is it always tries to convert it into a webm file even though i select mp3 yeah, an apk, and it's doing the webm thing to me too. I switched to onlinevideoconverter.com and it's working for me These sites are safe to use now ? Or use at own risk ? Haven’t done this in years . I use to take convert ytb videos into mp3 and make custom ringtones . That’s why I’m getting back into it ISO files? I used ytmp3 for years with 0 issues or concern. Now I use xmanager for music. same dude then it randomly stopped working a friend pointed me towards youtube-dlg, and I can definitely vouch for it. ytmp3 will also do in a pinch. a friend pointed me towards youtube-dlg, and I can definitely vouch for it. ytmp3 will also do in a pinch. is everybody not seeing the red flag of it trying to download other stuff? I mean the first link is to a github repo and its open source sooooooooooooo Not that, ytmp3 That's happened to me too. I'm trying to find a new one that doesnt pop open weird windows and download random stuff. why the hell does it try downloading a file for me? I have zero idea of what you are talking about. im talking about ytmp3 That can be partially mitigated with adblock, but youtubedlg is def the better way to go. Can even use it with any video on youtube (or any site youtube-dl handles) that requires you be logged in. Even includes a sponsorblock setting so you can download videos with the sponsor segments clipped out. thanks for this. does "show file in folder" button work for you? Super late reply/question here. But how do I download this for Mac do I just download the .dmg file listed below? I tried this and the GUI is very nice however it asks me to close the program, turn of my virus scanner and restart the program. That is a no-go for me however I wanted to see if anyone else saw that error. It happened when I added a YouTube link in the field and added the item to download. Got an error about binaries even though I used the installer. The first time you try to download something the app needs to download the youtube-dl binaries, which your AV seems to be blocking. What AV are you using? That is helpful. Thanks. I think I uninstalled the original one (thought it was an either/or deal) so I believe that could be the cause (since it would be missing some files. I will test it when I get home with both items installed. I am using Avast. Thanks for the really prompt reply! EDIT: So I just installed Open Video Downloader after having youtube-DLG installed. Tried it again and got the same message: "Error! Binaries missing/corrupted." and in same window below it "Please restart the app and disable antivirus". I did temporarily disable Avast and it had no affect; same message. Might be something else in my config. The two programs are pointing to different locations (youtube-dlg is in Program Files (x86) and Open Vid DLdr is in the AppData youtube-dlg folder) but that seems to be correct. Anyway, thanks for the tips. Must be something hinky in my config. That is helpful. Thanks. I think I uninstalled the original one (thought it was an either/or deal) so I believe that could be the cause (since it would be missing some files. I will test it when I get home with both items installed. I am using Avast. Thanks for the really prompt reply! EDIT: So I just installed Open Video Downloader after having youtube-DLG installed. Tried it again and got the same message: "Error! Binaries missing/corrupted." and in same window below it "Please restart the app and disable antivirus". I did temporarily disable Avast and it had no affect; same message. Might be something else in my config. The two programs are pointing to different locations (youtube-dlg is in Program Files (x86) and Open Vid DLdr is in the AppData youtube-dlg folder) but that seems to be correct. Anyway, thanks for the tips. Must be something hinky in my config. Any luck since last time you tried? Not really. I ended up using a different method and stood down on investigating this. This is my process I use Internet Download Manager (Bought the year license & only download Royalty-Free or sound effects) Open said video in Premier Pro. Extract the audio then save it as a separate clip if I need the sound. Most of the time I'll just extract the audio & place it under the video I'm editing, without having to export the sound. I know it's a lot of extra steps, but not having to worry about a Virus, keyloggers, spyware, etc. It's worth it to me. ​ Hope this helps This is my process I use Internet Download Manager (Bought the year license & only download Royalty-Free or sound effects) Open said video in Premier Pro. Extract the audio then save it as a separate clip if I need the sound. Most of the time I'll just extract the audio & place it under the video I'm editing, without having to export the sound. I know it's a lot of extra steps, but not having to worry about a Virus, keyloggers, spyware, etc. It's worth it to me. ​ Hope this helps What do you use to download? I just stumbled on this thread, installed open video downloader and received a binary error as well. Thank you! I’ll give it a try next time I use this! Even though you have to download youtube-dl-gui, it gets my recommendation. youtube-dl is an amazing tool. Do NOT use ytmp3.cc, i tried going on it and my antivirus software instantly had to block a download Ya I just tried to open the link and it was flagged before even opening the initial website. [deleted] Has been doing some weird shit lately. Last few songs downloaded weirdly, I've got good internet and they took way longer then normal and don't play or recognize as a song in my media player just shows 0:00. i used it for a good year or so and all of a sudden its downloading some apk and a "Your file is ready" every time i try to download something and i have to cancel them asap or delete them, i think they switched up on us, not safe anymore imo most likely and adware on google. the site itself is safe just try to download it a couple of times until it goes to the site it's supposed to and download the file you wanted. (i also really recommend you make it so there's a confirmation before a file downloads, there's a setting for that in google) most likely and adware on google. the site itself is safe just try to download it a couple of times until it goes to the site it's supposed to and download the file you wanted. (i also really recommend you make it so there's a confirmation before a file downloads, there's a setting for that in google) I have to same problem. It was fine until recently but now I have to switch to another downloader. If the downloads take long for no reason then cancel the downloads. Dodgy sites Help! I used ytmp3.cc and norton says it blocked malware immediately but that weird atpk file still showed up in my download folder. Am I in trouble? I ran a norton scan and it said everything was clean. I’m freaked It's probably fine, but if you're really worried about it, download Immunet for a second opinion. It's a free antivírus software that is better than many paid ones, it is made by people who believe this type of thing should be free. Thank you mobius I will!!! do use the github converter to I have to download all of those things and set it up myself? I've never done anything coding before. if you scroll down on the github page, there's different download options and instructions for how to install. if you're using windows, it's pretty straightforward. i believe the link is windows extractor or something along those lines. if you scroll down on the github page, there's different download options and instructions for how to install. if you're using windows, it's pretty straightforward. i believe the link is windows extractor or something along those lines. I found this on Google, excuse the 5 month old reply, it is for others who arrive here the same way ytmp3.cc is now malware and tries to install an apk renamed as the song title. I found this on Google, excuse the 5 month old reply, it is for others who arrive here the same way ytmp3.cc is now malware and tries to install an apk renamed as the song title. Removed it Tf? Of course I find this now after downloading like 50 songs... :( Edit: how can you tell if it's malware? Tf? Of course I find this now after downloading like 50 songs... :( Edit: how can you tell if it's malware? Suspicious way of having a file downloaded mostly. Yeah that makes sense. I'll have to be more vigilant I am trying youtube-dl-gui and my speed is limited to around 75-80 KB/s. Seems really slow. Is this the same for anyone else? I verified that I am getting very high bandwidth on my ISP so it is not my network. You're a total G, thanks for posting these Ok. I'm a complete idiot when it comes to coding and stuff. I've never been on GitHub before finding these links. Can someone point me to a good instruction manual on how to get this program and how to work it? Just download the windows installer off the github page Mediahuman works wonders on Mac, thank you Also on PC, ty x2 After surveying all options on this thread I just downloaded the Mediahuman mac application and can vouch, it works great! Thanks man! I downloaded Mediahuman, and it's great! It even uploads all the music to Apple Music automatically. Hi, sorry I'm pretty stupid and i don't know how to download YouTube dl Gui properly, does please anyone have a video or something i can follow? Also it DOES work for mobile right? Just download the installer, you just literally install from an .exe file. No doesn't work on mobile ohh okay thanks, do you know anything that could work for mobile though? i rlly need taht for when i go out Man, this is a life saver. Legend. Thanks, mediahuman works perfectley, even it can download playlist too. Great Free Tool! -1 points This is much appreciated! While this could work, it sounds super annoying. I wouldn't even consider this. Far less annoying than having to worry about installing trojan backdoors. Also you get to learn how to edit audio files. flvto.biz works... but there is some popup ad windows. I think it's one per though, not like those sites that have one every 2 seconds... -3 points -2 points sure buy software that does it level 1footageforfree · 2 mo. ago imbecile level 1footageforfree · 2 mo. ago imbecile Discovering this a little late but thank you for the VLC tip! Mp3fy didnt do anything on my mobile (with an ad blocker..) unfortunately. Damn this is so annoying. What ad blocker? Browser? Yes, in the browser. It doesn't have mp3 format Clipgrab. yt-dlp Yt5.com is my go-to for MP3/MP4. Yt5.com That site is cancer. Yt5.com That site is cancer. Is that still reliable? A lot of these aren’t Yeah I use it pretty regularly and haven't had any issues. It works but it downloads audio as an opus file not an mp3. Can I use this on iPhone my one works fine? is it still working as far as you know? It works can confirm the guy above works still Just tested, working well! Do the downloads take a long time for you as of recently? I don't wanna download anything if it says its gonna take like 20 mins, and I just cancel every time :( Does yours also do this? Thank you. This works. That one's actually pretty good! IT is!!! it tells me a video is protected by copyright when i try downloading, is there anyway to bypass this? Unfortunately it didn't have the copyright issues before it was bought out by another company... I think ytmp3.cc is not working it has a virus of some sort that really made me leave it for good. i just downloaded ytdl-gui and it seems like i will use it permanently from now on I can't really find anymore a safe online youtube to mp3 converter :( I can't really find anymore a safe online youtube to mp3 converter :( thx this is the one. thank you ytmp3 used to be my go-to download, but I just tried to download an mp3 file and it ended up being over 1,000kb...for a video that was under a minute. I don't really pay attention to file sizes, but I felt like that was a pretty big red flag and I canceled the download immediately. I see a lot of people talking about ytmp3.cc, I think it's a good youtube to mp3 converter now, although it had some problems before, it's now optimized for ads and features. So we can download music with few advertisement interruptions, and the download speed is also fast. The happy thing is that now ytmp3.cc has been optimized for advertisements, and there will be no more advertisements. it's trying to download .apk files instead of .mp3 tho this site shady af now As far as I know, as long as any suspicious files aren't executed (opened) you can delete them without worrying about damage. Norton must've detected it was bad news based on its scripted executions, good Norton Thank you! I still haven’t opened my laptop since lol i tried using converto so i can use for sound effects for my game. when i used it there was a porn ad and that one girl named anna. i am not using converto anymore. i tried using converto so i can use for sound effects for my game. when i used it there was a porn ad and that one girl named anna. i am not using converto anymore. π Rendered by PID 93908 on reddit-service-r2-loggedout-64b57b747d-hrpcx at 2023-12-18 01:50:12.876339+00:00 running 252de61 country code: GB. π Rendered by PID 93908 on reddit-service-r2-loggedout-64b57b747d-hrpcx at 2023-12-18 01:50:12.876339+00:00 running 252de61 country code: GB.