Year 1 45 Skills Year 2 76 Skills Year 3 72 Skills Year 4 95 Skills Year 5 85 Skills Year 6 44 Skills Terms of Use Effective date: September 19th, 2022 Welcome to SplashLearn. Please read on to learn the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our website(s), products, services and applications (the “Services”). If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these terms or the Services, please contact us at: Email: help@splashlearn.com Phone: 855-979-8948 Address: 201 Spear Street, Suite 1100 San Francisco, California 94105 Effective date: September 19th, 2022 Welcome to SplashLearn. Please read on to learn the rules and restrictions that govern your use of our website(s), products, services and applications (the “Services”). If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding these terms or the Services, please contact us at: Email: help@splashlearn.com Phone: 855-979-8948 Address: 201 Spear Street, Suite 1100 San Francisco, California 94105 If you don’t agree with the new Terms, you are free to reject them; unfortunately, that means you will no longer be able to use the Services. If you use the Services in any way after a change to the Terms is effective, that means you agree to all of the changes. Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you and us. The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”) requires that U.S. schools and school districts that receive certain federal funds (each, a “School”) get prior written consent from a parent or guardian of a minor student (“Parent”) before disclosing any educational records regarding such student (“Educational Records”) to third parties. If you are a School and FERPA applies to you, you hereby designate SplashLearn (including its employees, contractors, and agents) as an “other school official” under FERPA, who have a “legitimate educational interest” in using and accessing such Educational Records, and you hereby represent and warrant that (a) you have obtained all consents necessary in connection with disclosing any Educational Records directly or indirectly to SplashLearn, users, or otherwise in connection with the Services, and (b) your disclosures described in (a) are not and will not be a violation of FERPA. Regarding FERPA and California AB 1584 (Buchanan) Privacy of Pupil Records: 3rd-Party Digital Storage & Education Software (Education Code section 49073.1), SplashLearn will abide to the following: a) Student records obtained by SplashLearn from an educational institution continue to be the property of and under the control of the educational institution. The educational institution retains full ownership rights to the personal information and education records it provides to the SplashLearn. b) Parents can access, use and retain student accounts on SplashLearn and associated performance data by creating a home account, upon invitation by teachers. c) SplashLearn will not use any information in a student record for any purpose other than those required or specifically permitted by the Company’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. d) Parents or legal guardians may review personally identifiable information in the student’s records and correct erroneous information by contacting their educational institution. Additionally, SplashLearn users may submit a request to delete the data using the contact information at the end of this section. e) SplashLearn is committed to maintaining the security and confidentiality of student records. Towards this end, we take the following actions: (a) we limit employee access to student data to only those employees with a need to such access to fulfill their job responsibilities; (b) we conduct background checks on our employees that may have access to student data; (c) we conduct regular employee privacy and data security training and education; and (e) we protect personal information with technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security safeguards in order to protect against unauthorized access, release or use. f) In the event of an unauthorized disclosure of a student’s records, SplashLearn will (1) promptly notify Users unless specifically directed not to provide such notification by law enforcement officials. Notification shall identify: (i) the date and nature of the unauthorized use or disclosure; (ii) the Private Data used or disclosed; (iii) general description of what occurred including who made the unauthorized use or received the unauthorized disclosure; (iv) what SplashLearn has done or shall do to mitigate any effect of the unauthorized use or disclosure; (v) what corrective action SplashLearn has taken or shall take to prevent future similar unauthorized use or disclosure; and (vi) who at SplashLearn the User can contact. SplashLearn will keep the User fully informed until the incident is resolved. g) SplashLearn will delete or de-identify personal information when it is no longer needed, upon expiration or termination of our agreement with an educational institution with any deletion or de-identification to be completed according to the terms of our agreement with the educational institution, or at the direction or request of the educational institution. h) SplashLearn agrees to work with educational institutions to ensure compliance with FERPA and the Parties will ensure compliance by providing parents, legal guardians or eligible students with the ability to inspect and review student records and to correct any inaccuracies therein as described in statement (d) above. i) SplashLearn prohibits using personally identifiable information in student records to engage in targeted advertising. What are the basics of using SplashLearn? You may be required to sign up for an account, select a password and user name (“SplashLearn User ID”), and provide us with certain information or data, such as your contact information. You promise to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information about yourself. You may not select as your SplashLearn User ID a name that you do not have the right to use, or another person’s name with the intent to impersonate that person. You may not transfer your account to anyone else without our prior written permission. Additionally, you may be able to access certain parts or features of the Services by using your account credentials from other services (each, a “Third Party Account”), such as those offered by Google, Facebook and Clever. By using the Services through a Third Party Account, you permit us to access certain information from such account for use by the Services. You are ultimately in control of how much information is accessible to us and may exercise such control by adjusting your privacy settings on your Third Party Account. You represent and warrant that you are an individual of legal age to form a binding contract (or if not, you’ve received your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the Services and have gotten your parent or guardian to agree to these Terms on your behalf). If you’re agreeing to these Terms on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on that organization’s or entity’s behalf and bind them to these Terms (in which case, the references to “you” and “your” in these Terms, except for in this sentence, refer to that organization or entity). You will only use the Services for your own internal, personal, non-commercial use, and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you. If your use of the Services is prohibited by applicable laws, then you aren’t authorized to use the Services. We can’t and won’t be responsible for your using the Services in a way that breaks the law. You will not share your SplashLearn User ID, account or password with anyone, and you must protect the security of your SplashLearn User ID, account, password and any other access tools or credentials. You’re responsible for any activity associated with your SplashLearn User ID and account. Additionally, you may be able to access certain parts or features of the Services by using your account credentials from other services (each, a “Third Party Account”), such as those offered by Google, Facebook and Clever. By using the Services through a Third Party Account, you permit us to access certain information from such account for use by the Services. You are ultimately in control of how much information is accessible to us and may exercise such control by adjusting your privacy settings on your Third Party Account. You represent and warrant that you are an individual of legal age to form a binding contract (or if not, you’ve received your parent’s or guardian’s permission to use the Services and have gotten your parent or guardian to agree to these Terms on your behalf). If you’re agreeing to these Terms on behalf of an organization or entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on that organization’s or entity’s behalf and bind them to these Terms (in which case, the references to “you” and “your” in these Terms, except for in this sentence, refer to that organization or entity). You will only use the Services for your own internal, personal, non-commercial use, and not on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you. If your use of the Services is prohibited by applicable laws, then you aren’t authorized to use the Services. We can’t and won’t be responsible for your using the Services in a way that breaks the law. You will not share your SplashLearn User ID, account or password with anyone, and you must protect the security of your SplashLearn User ID, account, password and any other access tools or credentials. You’re responsible for any activity associated with your SplashLearn User ID and account. You agree to indemnify and hold SplashLearn harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from or in any way related to your breach of the foregoing. Are there restrictions in how I can use the Services? You represent, warrant, and agree that you will not contribute any Content or User Submission (each of those terms is defined below) or otherwise use the Services or interact with the Services in a manner that: a) infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or any other rights of anyone else (including SplashLearn); b) violates any law or regulation, including, without limitation, any applicable export control laws, privacy laws or any other purpose not reasonably intended by SplashLearn; c) is dangerous, harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable; d) jeopardizes the security of your SplashLearn User ID, account or anyone else’s (such as allowing someone else to log in to the Services as you); e) attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other user; f) violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes; g) runs Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder or “spam” on the Services, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged into the Services, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services’ infrastructure); h) “crawls,” “scrapes,” or “spiders” any page, data, or portion of or relating to the Services or Content (through use of manual or automated means); i) copies or stores any significant portion of the Content; or j) decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the Services. A violation of any of the foregoing is grounds for termination of your right to use or access the Services. Subject to these Terms, we grant each user of the Services a worldwide, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and non-transferable license to use (i.e., to download and display locally) Content solely for purposes of using the Services. Use, reproduction, modification, distribution or storage of any Content for any purpose other than using the Services is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from us. You understand that SplashLearn owns the Services. You won’t modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section), create derivative works based on, or otherwise exploit any of the Services. The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content, but please remember that even where these functionalities exist, all the restrictions in this section still apply. Anything you post, upload, share, store, or otherwise provide through the Services is your “User Submission”. Some User Submissions may be viewable by other users. You are solely responsible for all User Submissions you contribute to the Services. You represent that all User Submissions submitted by you are accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You agree that you will not post, upload, share, store, or otherwise provide through the Services any User Submissions that: (i) infringe any third party's copyrights or other rights (e.g., trademark, privacy rights, etc.); (ii) contain sexually explicit content or pornography; (iii) contain hateful, defamatory, or discriminatory content or incite hatred against any individual or group; (iv) exploit minors; (v) depict unlawful acts or extreme violence; (vi) depict animal cruelty or extreme violence towards animals; (vii) promote fraudulent schemes, multi-level marketing (MLM) schemes, get rich quick schemes, online gaming and gambling, cash gifting, work from home businesses, or any other dubious money-making ventures; or (viii) that violate any law. In order to display your User Submissions on the Services, and to allow other users to enjoy them (where applicable), you grant us certain rights in those User Submissions (see below for more information). We claim no ownership rights over your submissions, the submissions you make remain under your ownership. Please note that when your User Submissions contain personally identifiable information, the manner in which we collect, use, disclose, retain(after termination of the account) and delete such information is in accordance with our privacy policy. Certain features of the Services may allow you to share information with others, including through your social networks or other Third Party Accounts. When Content is authorized for sharing, we will clearly identify the Content you are authorized to redistribute and the ways you may redistribute it, usually by providing a “share” button on or near the Content. If you share information from the Services with others through your Third Party Accounts, such as your social networks, you authorize SplashLearn to share that information with the applicable Third Party Account provider. Please review the policies of any Third Party Account providers you share information with or through for additional information about how they may use your information. If you redistribute Content, you must be able to edit or delete any Content you redistribute, and you must edit or delete it promptly upon our request. Finally, you understand and agree that SplashLearn, in performing the required technical steps to provide the Services to our users (including you), may need to make changes to your User Submissions to conform and adapt those User Submissions to the technical requirements of connection networks, devices, services, or media, and the foregoing licenses include the rights to do so. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event you are a School, for User Submissions that include Educational Records: we may use them only for the purposes of (i) providing the Services as described herein and in our privacy policy, (ii) maintaining, supporting, evaluating, improving and developing our products, applications, and Service, (iii) enforcing our rights under this Agreement and (iv) for generating aggregated data that can in no way be linked specifically to the applicable students or their Parents. What if I see something on the Services that infringes my copyright? In accordance with the DMCA, we’ve adopted the following policy toward copyright infringement. We reserve the right to (1) block access to or remove material that we believe in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates, content providers, members or users and (2) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders. 1) Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements. If you believe that material or content residing on or accessible through the Services infringes your copyright (or the copyright of someone whom you are authorized to act on behalf of), please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to SplashLearn's Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement (our “Designated Agent,” whose contact details are listed below): a) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed; b) Identification of works or materials being infringed; c) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that Company is capable of finding and verifying its existence; d) Contact information about the notifier including address, telephone number and, if available, email address; e) A statement that the notifier has a good faith belief that the material identified in (1)(c) is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and f) A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner. 2) Once Proper Bona Fide Infringement Notification is Received by the Designated Agent. Upon receipt of a proper notice of copyright infringement, we reserve the right to: a) remove or disable access to the infringing material; b) notify the content provider who is accused of infringement that we have removed or disabled access to the applicable material; and c) terminate such content provider's access to the Services if he or she is a repeat offender. 3) Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent. If the content provider believes that the material that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or the content provider believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or, pursuant to the law, the content provider may send us a counter-notice containing the following information to the Designated Agent: a) A physical or electronic signature of the content provider; b) Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled; c) A statement that the content provider has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material; and d) Content provider's name, address, telephone number, and, if available, email address, and a statement that such person or entity consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial district in which the content provider’s address is located, or, if the content provider's address is located outside the United States, for any judicial district in which Company is located, and that such person or entity will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, Company may, in its discretion, send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that Company may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider accused of committing infringement, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Company's discretion. Please contact SplashLearn's Designated Agent at the following address: Studypad, Inc. Attn: DMCA Designated Agent 201 Spear Street, Suite 1100 San Francisco, California 94105 1) Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements. If you believe that material or content residing on or accessible through the Services infringes your copyright (or the copyright of someone whom you are authorized to act on behalf of), please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to SplashLearn's Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement (our “Designated Agent,” whose contact details are listed below): a) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed; b) Identification of works or materials being infringed; c) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that Company is capable of finding and verifying its existence; d) Contact information about the notifier including address, telephone number and, if available, email address; e) A statement that the notifier has a good faith belief that the material identified in (1)(c) is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and f) A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner. 2) Once Proper Bona Fide Infringement Notification is Received by the Designated Agent. Upon receipt of a proper notice of copyright infringement, we reserve the right to: a) remove or disable access to the infringing material; b) notify the content provider who is accused of infringement that we have removed or disabled access to the applicable material; and c) terminate such content provider's access to the Services if he or she is a repeat offender. 3) Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent. If the content provider believes that the material that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or the content provider believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or, pursuant to the law, the content provider may send us a counter-notice containing the following information to the Designated Agent: a) A physical or electronic signature of the content provider; b) Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled; c) A statement that the content provider has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material; and d) Content provider's name, address, telephone number, and, if available, email address, and a statement that such person or entity consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial district in which the content provider’s address is located, or, if the content provider's address is located outside the United States, for any judicial district in which Company is located, and that such person or entity will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. Please contact SplashLearn's Designated Agent at the following address: Studypad, Inc. Attn: DMCA Designated Agent 201 Spear Street, Suite 1100 San Francisco, California 94105 Who is responsible for what I see and do on the Services? Any information or Content publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Content originated, and you access all such information and Content at your own risk, and we aren’t liable for any errors or omissions in that information or Content or for any damages or loss you might suffer in connection with it. We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. We can’t guarantee the identity of any users with whom you interact in using the Services and are not responsible for which users gain access to the Services. You are responsible for all Content you contribute, in any manner, to the Services, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it. The Services may contain links or connections to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by SplashLearn. When you access third-party websites or use third-party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that SplashLearn is not responsible for such risks. SplashLearn has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third-party websites or by any third party that you interact with through the Services. In addition, SplashLearn will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any third-party site or service. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third-party website or service that you visit or utilize. By using the Services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or service. Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties. You agree that SplashLearn shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. If there is a dispute between participants on this site or Services, or between users and any third party, you agree that SplashLearn is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you release SplashLearn, its directors, officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Services. You shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542 or any similar law of any jurisdiction, which says in substance: “A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.” You are responsible for all Content you contribute, in any manner, to the Services, and you represent and warrant you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it. The Services may contain links or connections to third-party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by SplashLearn. When you access third-party websites or use third-party services, you accept that there are risks in doing so, and that SplashLearn is not responsible for such risks. SplashLearn has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third-party websites or by any third party that you interact with through the Services. In addition, SplashLearn will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any third-party site or service. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Services and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each third-party website or service that you visit or utilize. By using the Services, you release and hold us harmless from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website or service. Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties. You agree that SplashLearn shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. If there is a dispute between participants on this site or Services, or between users and any third party, you agree that SplashLearn is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you release SplashLearn, its directors, officers, employees, agents, and successors from claims, demands, and damages of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our Services. You shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542 or any similar law of any jurisdiction, which says in substance: “A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party.” Will SplashLearn ever change the Services? We’re always trying to improve our Services, so they may change over time. We may suspend or discontinue any part of the Services, or we may introduce new features or impose limits on certain features or restrict access to parts or all of the Services. We will make reasonable efforts to give you notice when we make a material change to the Services that would adversely affect you. We reserve the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, if someone alleges you contributed that Content in violation of these Terms), in our sole discretion, and without notice. SplashLearn is also free to terminate (or suspend access to) your use of the Services or your account for any reason in our discretion, including your breach of these Terms. SplashLearn has the sole right to decide whether you are in violation of any of the restrictions set forth in these Terms. Account termination may result in destruction of any Content associated with your account, so keep that in mind before you decide to terminate your account. If you have deleted your account by mistake, contact us immediately at help@splashlearn.com – we will try to help, but unfortunately, we can’t promise that we can recover or restore anything. Provisions that, by their nature, should survive termination of these Terms shall survive termination. By way of example, all of the following will survive termination: any obligation you have to pay us or indemnify us, any limitations on our liability, any terms regarding ownership or intellectual property rights, and terms regarding disputes between us, including without limitation the arbitration agreement. I use the SplashLearn App available via the Apple App Store – should I know anything about that? These Terms apply to your use of all the Services, including our iOS applications (the “Application”) available via the Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) App Store, but the following additional terms also apply to the Application: a) Both you and SplashLearn acknowledge that the Terms are concluded between you and SplashLearn only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the Content; b) The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms as they are applicable to the Services; c) You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control; d) You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application; e) In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure; upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application; f) You acknowledge and agree that SplashLearn, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application; g) You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, SplashLearn, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim; h) You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties; i) Both you and SplashLearn acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any applicable third-party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; and j) Both you and SplashLearn acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third-party beneficiary hereof. a) Both you and SplashLearn acknowledge that the Terms are concluded between you and SplashLearn only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Application or the Content; b) The Application is licensed to you on a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable basis, solely to be used in connection with the Services for your private, personal, non-commercial use, subject to all the terms and conditions of these Terms as they are applicable to the Services; c) You will only use the Application in connection with an Apple device that you own or control; d) You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Application; e) In the event of any failure of the Application to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure; upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application; f) You acknowledge and agree that SplashLearn, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Application; g) You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third-party claim that the Application or your possession and use of the Application infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, SplashLearn, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim; h) You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties; i) Both you and SplashLearn acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Application, you will comply with any applicable third-party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; and j) Both you and SplashLearn acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third-party beneficiary hereof. Can I refer other users? From time to time SplashLearn may offer rewards or incentives for referring others to the Services. The details of such offers will be made available to you on our website. What else do I need to know? Warranty Disclaimer. SplashLearn and its licensors, suppliers, partners, parent, subsidiaries or affiliated entities, and each of their respective officers, directors, members, employees, consultants, contract employees, representatives and agents, and each of their respective successors and assigns (SplashLearn and all such parties together, the “SplashLearn Parties”) make no representations or warranties concerning the Services, including without limitation regarding any Content contained in or accessed through the Services, and the SplashLearn Parties will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services or any claims, actions, suits procedures, costs, expenses, damages or liabilities arising out of use of, or in any way related to your participation in, the Services. The SplashLearn Parties make no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through or in connection with the Services. THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED BY SPLASHLEARN (AND ITS LICENSORS AND SUPPLIERS) ON AN “AS-IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL ANY OF THE SPLASHLEARN PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, (B) ANY SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY, (C) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) ONE-HUNDRED ($100) DOLLARS OR (II) THE AMOUNTS PAID AND/OR PAYABLE BY YOU TO SPLASHLEARN IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THIS APPLICABLE CLAIM OR (D) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Indemnity. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold the SplashLearn Parties harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from or in any way related to any claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third party using your account), and (b) your violation of these Terms. In the event of such a claim, suit, or action (“Claim”), we will attempt to provide notice of the Claim to the contact information we have for your account (provided that failure to deliver such notice shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligations hereunder). Assignment. You may not assign, delegate or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Services account, in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without SplashLearn's prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent. Choice of Law. These Terms are governed by and will be construed under the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Arbitration Agreement. Please read the following ARBITRATION AGREEMENT carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with SplashLearn and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from SplashLearn. Both you and SplashLearn acknowledge and agree that for the purposes of any dispute arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms, SplashLearn's officers, directors, employees and independent contractors (“Personnel”) are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Personnel will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third-party beneficiary hereof. (a) Arbitration Rules; Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. The parties shall use their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms directly through good-faith negotiations, which shall be a precondition to either party initiating arbitration. If such negotiations do not resolve the dispute, it shall be finally settled by binding arbitration in San Francisco County, California. The arbitration will proceed in the English language, in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “Rules”) then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes. The arbitrator shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with such Rules. Judgment upon the award rendered by such arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. (b) Costs of Arbitration. The Rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. SplashLearn will pay all arbitration fees for claims less than seventy-five thousand ($75,000) dollars. SplashLearn will not seek its attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous. (c) Small Claims Court; Infringement. Either you or SplashLearn may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco County, California or any United States county where you live or work. Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to arbitrate disputes, each party shall have the right to pursue injunctive or other equitable relief at any time, from any court of competent jurisdiction, to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party's copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights. (d) Waiver of Jury Trial. YOU AND SPLASHLEARN WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR JURY. You and SplashLearn are instead choosing to have claims and disputes resolved by arbitration. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient, and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In any litigation between you and SplashLearn over whether to vacate or enforce an arbitration award, YOU AND SPLASHLEARN WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, and elect instead to have the dispute be resolved by a judge. (e) Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS. CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. If however, this waiver of class or consolidated actions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, neither you nor SplashLearn is entitled to arbitration; instead all claims and disputes will be resolved in a court as set forth in (g) below. (f) Opt-out. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Section by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: 201 Spear Street, Suite 1100 San Francisco, California 94105 postmarked within thirty (30) days of first accepting these Terms. You must include (i) your name and residence address, (ii) the email address and/or telephone number associated with your account, and (iii) a clear statement that you want to opt out of these Terms’ arbitration agreement. (g) Exclusive Venue. If you send the opt-out notice in (f), and/or in any circumstances where the foregoing arbitration agreement permits either you or SplashLearn to litigate any dispute arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms in court, then the foregoing arbitration agreement will not apply to either party, and both you and SplashLearn agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, San Francisco County, California, or the federal district in which that county falls. (h) Severability. If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this Arbitration Agreement section will be null and void. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with SplashLearn. Miscellaneous. You will be responsible for paying, withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties, and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services, provided that the SplashLearn may, in its sole discretion, do any of the foregoing on your behalf or for itself as it sees fit. The failure of either you or us to exercise, in any way, any right herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of these Terms are found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the minimum extent necessary, so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. You and SplashLearn agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding between you and SplashLearn, and that these Terms supersede and cancel all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are not an employee, agent, partner, or joint venture of SplashLearn, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind SplashLearn in any respect whatsoever. Except as expressly set forth in the sections above regarding the Apple Application and the arbitration agreement, you and SplashLearn agree there are no third-party beneficiaries intended under these Terms. Limitation of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, TORT, CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE) SHALL ANY OF THE SPLASHLEARN PARTIES BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR (A) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS OF GOODWILL, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, (B) ANY SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY, (C) ANY AMOUNT, IN THE AGGREGATE, IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF (I) ONE-HUNDRED ($100) DOLLARS OR (II) THE AMOUNTS PAID AND/OR PAYABLE BY YOU TO SPLASHLEARN IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THIS APPLICABLE CLAIM OR (D) ANY MATTER BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL OR CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Indemnity. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, you agree to indemnify and hold the SplashLearn Parties harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages (actual and consequential), losses and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising from or in any way related to any claims relating to (a) your use of the Services (including any actions taken by a third party using your account), and (b) your violation of these Terms. In the event of such a claim, suit, or action (“Claim”), we will attempt to provide notice of the Claim to the contact information we have for your account (provided that failure to deliver such notice shall not eliminate or reduce your indemnification obligations hereunder). Assignment. You may not assign, delegate or transfer these Terms or your rights or obligations hereunder, or your Services account, in any way (by operation of law or otherwise) without SplashLearn's prior written consent. We may transfer, assign, or delegate these Terms and our rights and obligations without consent. Choice of Law. These Terms are governed by and will be construed under the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the State of California, without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. Arbitration Agreement. Please read the following ARBITRATION AGREEMENT carefully because it requires you to arbitrate certain disputes and claims with SplashLearn and limits the manner in which you can seek relief from SplashLearn. Both you and SplashLearn acknowledge and agree that for the purposes of any dispute arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms, SplashLearn's officers, directors, employees and independent contractors (“Personnel”) are third-party beneficiaries of these Terms, and that upon your acceptance of these Terms, Personnel will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as the third-party beneficiary hereof. (a) Arbitration Rules; Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. The parties shall use their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms directly through good-faith negotiations, which shall be a precondition to either party initiating arbitration. If such negotiations do not resolve the dispute, it shall be finally settled by binding arbitration in San Francisco County, California. The arbitration will proceed in the English language, in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (the “Rules”) then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes. The arbitrator shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with such Rules. Judgment upon the award rendered by such arbitrator may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. (b) Costs of Arbitration. The Rules will govern payment of all arbitration fees. SplashLearn will pay all arbitration fees for claims less than seventy-five thousand ($75,000) dollars. SplashLearn will not seek its attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines that your claim is frivolous. (c) Small Claims Court; Infringement. Either you or SplashLearn may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in San Francisco County, California or any United States county where you live or work. Furthermore, notwithstanding the foregoing obligation to arbitrate disputes, each party shall have the right to pursue injunctive or other equitable relief at any time, from any court of competent jurisdiction, to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party's copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights. (d) Waiver of Jury Trial. YOU AND SPLASHLEARN WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO GO TO COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR JURY. You and SplashLearn are instead choosing to have claims and disputes resolved by arbitration. Arbitration procedures are typically more limited, more efficient, and less costly than rules applicable in court and are subject to very limited review by a court. In any litigation between you and SplashLearn over whether to vacate or enforce an arbitration award, YOU AND SPLASHLEARN WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL, and elect instead to have the dispute be resolved by a judge. (e) Waiver of Class or Consolidated Actions. ALL CLAIMS AND DISPUTES WITHIN THE SCOPE OF THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT MUST BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS BASIS. CLAIMS OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR LITIGATED JOINTLY OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. If however, this waiver of class or consolidated actions is deemed invalid or unenforceable, neither you nor SplashLearn is entitled to arbitration; instead all claims and disputes will be resolved in a court as set forth in (g) below. (f) Opt-out. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Section by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to the following address: 201 Spear Street, Suite 1100 San Francisco, California 94105 postmarked within thirty (30) days of first accepting these Terms. You must include (i) your name and residence address, (ii) the email address and/or telephone number associated with your account, and (iii) a clear statement that you want to opt out of these Terms’ arbitration agreement. (g) Exclusive Venue. If you send the opt-out notice in (f), and/or in any circumstances where the foregoing arbitration agreement permits either you or SplashLearn to litigate any dispute arising out of or relating to the subject matter of these Terms in court, then the foregoing arbitration agreement will not apply to either party, and both you and SplashLearn agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the state or federal courts located in, respectively, San Francisco County, California, or the federal district in which that county falls. (h) Severability. If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this Arbitration Agreement section will be null and void. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with SplashLearn. Miscellaneous. You will be responsible for paying, withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties, and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services, provided that the SplashLearn may, in its sole discretion, do any of the foregoing on your behalf or for itself as it sees fit. The failure of either you or us to exercise, in any way, any right herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. If any provision of these Terms are found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated, to the minimum extent necessary, so that these Terms shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. You and SplashLearn agree that these Terms are the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding between you and SplashLearn, and that these Terms supersede and cancel all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of these Terms. You hereby acknowledge and agree that you are not an employee, agent, partner, or joint venture of SplashLearn, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind SplashLearn in any respect whatsoever. Except as expressly set forth in the sections above regarding the Apple Application and the arbitration agreement, you and SplashLearn agree there are no third-party beneficiaries intended under these Terms.  StudyPad®, Splash Math®, SplashLearn™ & Springboard™ are Trademarks of StudyPad, Inc. Copyright © 2020 Studypad Inc. All Rights Reserved Student Teacher/Parent I want to use SplashLearn as a... Teacher Parent Sign Up for SplashLearn or Parents, we need your age to give you an age-appropriate experience Continue Sorry, we could not process your request.