Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. They may stop providing the service at any time. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. You maintain ownership of your data. This service can license user content to third parties. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. This services gives no guarantee regarding quality. The court of law governing the terms is in California, USA.. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection.. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. Users are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service.. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. The copyright license that users grant this service is limited to the parties that make up the service's broader platform..  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user 