About Cisco Cisco Legal This Site is Copyright © 1992-2023 Cisco and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. These Cisco Web Site Terms of Use ("Terms") govern all cisco.com web pages ("Site"). By accessing, visiting, or otherwise using the Site, you agree to be bound by the Terms. Cisco is committed to providing a safe and positive experience to all users on our Site. To help us do that, we need you to follow a few basic rules when you’re here. Don’t worry, it’s not very complicated. When using our Site, you must comply with all applicable laws, including federal, state, and local laws, the laws of your jurisdiction, and laws regarding the transmission of technical data. You also agree not to: If you violate these Terms, your access to the Site may be terminated immediately and without notice. In other words, just be respectful and use the Site for its intended purpose. In order to access certain services or features of our Site, you may be required to create an account, profile, or download Cisco software. We may also offer access to certain services and features of the Site to you for a fee. In those situations, or when using other Cisco products and services as part of the Site, additional Cisco terms or requirements may apply and those additional terms become part of your agreement with us. In the event of any conflict between such additional terms and these Terms, the additional terms control. If any portion of the Site requires you to open an account or create a user profile, the information you provide must be truthful and accurate. User accounts, profiles, usernames, and passwords are associated with one individual only and you agree that you will never allow access by another person or entity at any time and to never access the account, profile, username, or password of another person or entity at any time. You must notify Cisco immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or of any other breach in security that you are aware of. We may, in our sole discretion, (i) reject or remove anything you post, (ii) restrict, suspend, or terminate your access to any or all of the Site, or (iii) cease to provide and maintain the Site, at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice, and without liability. Upon doing so, we may retain or delete any information or content that you provided. Software, in both source and binary forms, sample code, APIs, SDKs, associated documentation, and other related materials (collectively, “Software Content”) may be available for download on certain parts of the Site. Cisco or its licensors own and retain all rights in such Software Content, including all applicable intellectual property rights. We do not claim any ownership rights in any text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, software, works of authorship, or other materials that you upload or otherwise provide to our Site (collectively, "User Content"). However, you grant to Cisco a worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable, perpetual, irrevocable license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute your User Content for the limited purpose of providing the Site and all related services. You also agree that any other user of this Site may access, view, store, and reproduce your User Content for such user's personal use or otherwise in connection with use of the Site. You cannot post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way copyrighted or other proprietary materials without obtaining the prior written consent of the copyright owner of such materials. We may terminate an account and/or deny access to any user who is alleged to have infringed the copyright or proprietary rights of another. All User Content is considered nonconfidential and public. Please do not submit any confidential or private information. If you provide us with any feedback or ideas, you authorize Cisco to use your feedback for any purpose, without any restriction or limitation. If you believe that your copyright or other rights have been infringed, please provide our Designated Agent written notice with the following information: If the disputed materials were posted by a third party identifiable through reasonable efforts, we will try to provide notice to the third party of the charge. If the third party responds, we will provide you with a copy so that you may take any other steps you may consider appropriate. Except as specifically set forth above, nothing in these Terms confers, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right under any trade secret, patent, trademark, copyright, or other intellectual property right of Cisco or any third party. All rights not expressly licensed are reserved. Although we have attempted to provide accurate information on our Site, we assume no responsibility for the accuracy of the information. We do not endorse or assume responsibility for user conduct or what users submit to our Site. Nothing in these Terms requires us to monitor the Site or to modify or remove any materials or information. Our Site contains links to third party sites. We provide these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement of their content. Access to any other site linked to this Site is at your own risk and we are not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice, or statements made on such sites. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account, registration, and password information. Cisco will not be liable for any harm caused by, or related to, the theft or misappropriation of your user name or password, disclosure of your user name or password, or your authorization of anyone else to use your user name or password. We may change the programs or products mentioned at any time without notice. Mention of non-Cisco products or services is for informational purposes only and constitutes neither an endorsement nor a recommendation. Because international information is provided on our Site, not all products or programs mentioned will be available in your country. Please contact your local sales representative for information as to products and services available in your country. The Site and all information on the Site are subject to applicable federal, state, and local laws, and U.S. export control laws, and may also be subject to the laws of the country where you reside. We reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate action against anyone who, in Cisco's sole discretion, is suspected of violating any applicable law, including, without limitation, reporting you to law enforcement authorities. Some of the information on our Site may contain projections or other forward-looking statements regarding future events or the future financial performance of Cisco. Such statements are only predictions and actual events or results may differ materially. We refer you to the documents Cisco files from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically, the Company's most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filings as such may be amended from time to time. These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those contained in our projections or forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to: potential fluctuations in quarterly results; dependence on new product development; rapid technological and market change; competitive landscape; acquisition strategy; supply chain-related risks; cybersecurity and other risks associated with Internet-based systems and infrastructure deployments; global economic and political risks; and volatility of stock price. THIS SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITH ALL FAULTS AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, CISCO DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THAT ARISE FROM A COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. CISCO SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT GOODS, OR LOSS OR DAMAGE TO DATA ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR ANY RELATED SERVICES OR CONTENT, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF OR RELIANCE ON THE INFORMATION PRESENT, EVEN IF CISCO HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. CISCO DOES NOT GUARANTEE AND DOES NOT PROMISE ANY SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SITE OR ANY RELATED SERVICES OR CONTENT. ALL USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time at our sole discretion. Please check this page periodically for any updates. These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of California, U.S.A., excluding any conflict of laws rules or principles. If there is any dispute relating to the Site or these Terms, you and Cisco agree to exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts of Santa Clara County, State of California, U.S.A. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be struck and the remaining provisions will remain in full effect. If you or others violate these Terms and we take no immediate action, this in no way limits or waives our rights, such as our right to take action in the future or in similar situations. These terms were last updated on 09/07/2018 and are effective immediately. Thank You for Visiting