Our privacy policy continues our commitment to serving you and explains how we intend to protect your privacy. We are responsible for the protection of your personal data and we take this responsibility very seriously. All basic customer data in CTemplar.com are encrypted end-to-end. This Privacy Policy covers CTemplar.com’s (“CTemplar”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”) treatment of information we collect when you are on our site and when you use our services. CTemplar has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to protect your privacy and to fully disclose what information we collect and how we use it. This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for CTemplar and our website www.ctemplar.com (“Site”). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website, except where stated otherwise. It will notify you of the following: When you visit our website, your browser sends us your user-agent and IP address. When you leave our site no records are kept of your IP address in association to your account. We anonymously store your IP for 7 days. This is required to defend and prevent abuse that could shut down our service. After 7 days it is deleted and no records are kept. If you visit using our Onion site, then your real IP address is not seen. We do not use any CDN service. We will not disclose anything to third parties, except for your payment information if you choose to buy a paid account. This web site may contain links to other sites (Example: Blog post citations). Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read that site’s privacy statements. CTemplar will only comply with valid Icelandic court orders. When presented with a valid Icelandic court order, we will give them your content. Due to our zero access password technology, we do not know your password/passphrase so we are not able to decrypt your emails. The SRI & Checksum technology that we offer makes it impossible for us to serve malicious scripts that could reveal your password, thus allowing us to access your account. We do not collect aggregated usage or tracking information. Registered users have the option of accessing, correcting, updating their settings at any time. A “cookie” is a bit of data sent by a website through the browser to the computer of the user visiting the site, and enables the site to return the results the browser expects. CTemplar uses temporary, session-specific cookies to ensure a visit to the site is smooth for the visitor. Specifically, we use cookies to provide continued use of our website even if the user refreshes their browser without the need to log in again (only if the user has enabled Remember Me). If you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can turn off the cookie acceptance option in the browser’s settings. We do not use or collect Pixel Tags, also known as beacons, spotlight tags, or web bugs. If you are located in the EU, United Kingdom, Lichtenstein, Norway, or Iceland, you may have additional rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) related to your personal data. We will be the controller of your personal data processed in connection with the Site. Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, every customer shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of his or her habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if the customer considers that the processing of personal data relating to him or her infringes this Regulation. Should you select the optional opportunity to receive promotional emails from us about current offers and incentives, we will also use your email for this purpose. If you have not selected this Opt-in option, you will not receive promotional emails. If you have opted to receive promotional emails, or if you receive transactional emails about your incomplete order, you may choose to remove (Opt-out) this feature at any time and the emails will be stopped. Your email address may also be used should we ever need to contact you regarding your order. CTemplar may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or through a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent notice in our privacy policy or in other locations on our Web site or by sending you an email to inform you of our updated privacy policy.  Stand with us in the fight to protect privacy, civil liberties, and the right for anonymity. Create your anonymous encrypted email today. ©2023 Templar Software Systems.