 Utility Menu Breadcrumb Privacy Policy is dedicated to honoring the privacy and wishes of our supporters at all times. Following are details about our privacy policies, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used and with whom the information is shared. The statement was last updated on June 26, 2023. Updates to this privacy statement will be reflected on this web page. This privacy statement is separate from other policies that may apply to UNICEF USA partners or other parts of our operations. This includes the following: The Privacy Policy does not apply to information gathered by which has its own privacy policy located at . The Short Message Service (SMS) Privacy Policy is a subset of our overall Privacy Policy and addresses how UNICEF USA handles the confidentiality of information related to SMS communications that come directly from UNICEF USA. Please see our INTRODUCTION UNICEF USA (“,” “,” or “”) is committed to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal information. In this Privacy Policy (“,” or “”), we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information you may provide when you visit , associated sub-pages, any ads or applications we may provide, or through the provision of our services (collectively, our “Services”). We also let you know your rights regarding the personal information we collect. we us UUSA Policy Statement APPLICABILITY This Policy is applicable to all website visitors, registered users, and all other users of our Services. It applies to information we collect: Via your activity on our Services, including but not limited to registration forms, quizzes, and searches. This information is collected based on your direct input. Via email, text, and other electronic messages sent between you and our Services. Through mobile and desktop applications that we may provide. Via your interactions with any UNICEF USA advertisements and/or applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to our Services This Policy does not apply to information we collect: Through any other means, including on any other website operated by a separate company or any third party, including our partners, affiliates and subsidiaries, as applicable. . This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of our Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. By accessing or using our Services, you agree to this Privacy Policy INFORMATION WE COLLECT General The information we collect on or through our Services may include: Information that you provide when using our Services, such as information provided through the following means: Creating an account and accessing our Services using a user name and password; Donating, which may include full name, home address, billing address, payment type, and credit card details, as applicable, to ensure secure, non-fraudulent transactions; Registering for any event or group; Signing up for newsletters or other information sources; Taking quizzes or playing games; Signing up to receive SMS text messages. For more information regarding our use of SMS, please view our SMS policy, available at Sending a comment online or reporting a problem with our Services, whether that be online or offline via our dedicated Call Center; Submitting search queries through our Services; Submitting content to our Services for posting or publication. Information that You Provide to UUSA Depending on the type of interaction you have with us, we may collect the following information “” when you openly and directly share this data with us: ( personal information ) First Name Middle Name Last Name Date of Birth Postal Address Telephone numbers Email Address Company Name Credit card (only store last 4 digits) Bank information or bank billing for payment authorization when this payment method is selected Information related to any employment application, including employment and education history Demographic information including, but not limited to, age, birthdate, gender, state of residence, marital status, home ownership status, donation history, occupation, education, ethnicity, that we analyze for statistical purposes. In addition to these categories of information, we may collect and process information about your interactions with us. This includes details about our contacts with you through email, SMS, U.S. Post, on the phone or in person (i.e., the date, time, and method of contact), details about donations you make to us, events or activities that you register for or attend and any other support you provide to us. We may also collect and record any other relevant information you share with us about yourself, including your interests or your affiliations with other charities, community groups, your employer or a UUSA corporate partner. Information that We Collect Automatically When You Use Our Services We will automatically collect the following information when you use our Services: Technical information; IP address, browser type, and plug-in details; Information about how you interact with our website; Device type (e.g., desktop, laptop, tablet, phone) and related information; Operating system information; and Local time zone. We collect this information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser and we may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to our Services. We may also use this information for various business purposes such as providing customer service, fraud prevention, market research, and improving our Services. For more information regarding our use of cookies, please see the Automatic Data Collection Technologies section, below. Throughout your interactions with our Services, we may collect — or you may provide — information that qualifies as Sensitive Personal Information under Colorado law. We strive to obtain your consent to collect and process such information, which may revoke at any time by contacting us at . Automatic Data Collection Technologies As you navigate through and interact with our Services, we may use automatic data collection technologies, such as cookies, tags, and pixels to better understand how people use our Services. The types of information we collect using automatic data collection technologies include: Details about your visits to our Services, including traffic data, top pages visited, referral pages, location data, device type and browsers, and other data that is available through technologies and tools implemented on our Services Referral pages, such as the social media platforms that bring visitors to our Services Organic and paid search terms that bring visitors to our Service Information regarding the programmatic display ads on other sites that bring visitors to our Services Details about click-through rates using Call-to-Action (CTAs) buttons We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services. We may tie the information we collect automatically to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or that you provide to us to give us a better understanding of the type of interaction that is occurring with constituents and with our Services. We collect this information in order to improve our Services and deliver a more personalized experience, including by enabling us to, e.g.: Estimate our audience size and usage patterns; Determine which of our Services pages receive the most interest; Customize our Services in accordance with individuals’ interests; Speed up searching; Recognize you when you return to our Services; and Provide better advertisements for our Services. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Services. Cookies (or browser cookies). The “Help” menu in the toolbar of most web browsers will tell you how to change your browser's cookie settings, including how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies altogether. All pages of our Services are connected to tracking by third-party analytics providers. This allows UUSA to better understand activity, interaction, and how users move around on our Services. Google Analytics is a common tool used on the majority of business websites. To learn more about how to opt-out of tracking by Google Analytics, please click . Tags. Pages of our Services and our emails may contain small electronic files known as pixels (also referred to as clear gifs, web beacons, and single-pixel gifs) that permit UUSA, for example, to count users who have visited those pages, clicked on an ad, or opened an email and for other related website statistics (e.g., recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). Pixels. Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Technologies Some content or applications, including advertisements, on our Services are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect the information identified in the Automatic Data Collection Technologies section about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. Children and Minors Our Services are not intended for minors and children under 13 years of age and only should be used by young people under age 18 with the direct permission, consent, and oversight by legal guardians. Young people under 13 should not use or provide any information on our Services, through any of its features, register on our Services, make any purchases through our Services, use any of the interactive or public comment features of our Services, or provide any information about themselves to UUSA, including name, address, telephone number, email address, screen name or other information that can be considered linked to a particular person. If we become aware of any information provided on our Services from children under age 13, we will delete it. We do not store or use personal information relating to children under 13 for our own purposes or share it with any 3 party. We may collect personal information from minors ages 13-18, including through official UNICEF USA programs such as our High School and College Youth Clubs. (e.g. High School and College Youth Clubs). USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We may use the Personal Information you provide to us for the following purposes: To provide you with information about our work or our activities; To fundraise in accordance with our internal policies and procedures; To organize events that you have registered for, and to provide you with information and other materials relating to the content of the event, the speakers, sponsors and other attendees; To process donations, sponsorships and purchases; To provide our newsletters and publications, provided you have given your consent; To respond to your questions and provide related services; To provide you with information about other events, products and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or attended, provided you have not opted-out of receiving that information; To provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about events, products or services we feel may interest you, provided you have given your consent; To tailor advertising that is presented to you on the Internet according to your interests, preferences and other characteristics (as described below); To respond to applications for employment; To ensure that content from our Services is presented most effectively for you and your computer; and Where we are required by law to disclose or otherwise use your information. We may use the Personal Information we collect about you: To administer our Services and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; If you make a donation, we will use this Personal Data to create an account for you where you can securely access your donation history; To improve our Services to ensure that content is presented most effectively for you and your computer; As part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and secure; To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Services about goods or services that may interest you or them. We may use the Personal Information we receive from other sources to: Combine it with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined personal data for the purposes set out above. We may process aggregated information about our Services’ visitors, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. The following chart provides a high level summary of the information we process for each purposes of processing and the manner in which we may use or disclose such information associated with each purpose. Please note that we may not collect each category of information about each user of our Services. Purpose Categories of Personal Information Targeted Ad / Sales Data Shared with Third Parties Categories of Third Parties Analytics and Research Analytics Information Contact Information Interests and Preferences Demographic Information Social Media Information Responses to Surveys and Questionnaires Device Information Yes / No Contact Information Interests and Preferences Social Media Information Analytics Information Device Information Analytics Providers Third Party Advertisers Third Party Fundraisers Customer Service Contact Information Summary of Contents of Communications and Requests Device Information No / No N/A Donation Processing Contact Information Demographic Information Payment Information Contact Information Customer Relations/Support Donor Prospecting Analytics Information Contact Information Demographic information Analytics Information Contact Information Demographic Information Analytics Providers Outreach/advocacy Contact Information Demographic Information Social Media Information Responses to Surveys and Questionnaires Device Information Email Lists Device Information Analytics Information Analytics Providers Survey Platforms Event Platforms Promotions or Marketing Interactions Analytics Information Demographic Information Contact Information Device Information Interests and Preferences Social Media Information Email Lists Persistent Identifiers Device Information Analytics Information Website Security and Maintenance Analytics Information Device Information DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION We may disclose Personal Information that we collect or you provide as described in this Privacy Policy: To our subsidiaries and affiliates. To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our organization. Credit Card Transactions, Electronic Fund Transfers, Payments by Check or Money Order and Online Financial Transactions. We hire third parties to provide credit card, bank, payment and information processing services and order fulfillment services. If you choose to make an application for employment, make a donation online, by phone, through the mail or by other means, or make a purchase from our Gift Catalog we will share your personal information with our processing service providers Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Services Trusted third-party companies and individuals Other non-profits In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your Personal Information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or asset For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information. With your consent. We may also disclose your personal information: To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request. If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of UNICEF USA, our donors, partners, or other stakeholders. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We disclose this information to be able to provide you with our Services in an efficient and effective manner, to communicate with you about our Services, to better understand how our Services are used, to analyze the effectiveness of our Services and marketing efforts, and to provide you with marketing. We may disclose aggregated information about our Services’ visitors, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE COLLECT, USE, AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information: Opting-Out of Automated Cookies and Third-Party Advertising As stated in this Policy, we may collect and share your personal information for third-party advertising purposes. We do this through the use of cookies and other automated tracking technologies. Residents of Colorado may opt out of targeted advertising, as defined under the Colorado Privacy Act, by setting their browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert them when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly. Colorado residents may opt out of targeted advertising using the online web form on the footer of our website. Accessing, Correcting, and Deleting Your Information As part of our efforts to provide residents of Colorado with control over their personal information, residents of Colorado or their authorized agent may email us at to request access to, correction, deletion, or portability of their personal information. When we receive a request, we may be required to verify your identity in accordance with the Verifying Requests section, below. Please note that we may decline to accommodate an access, correction, or deletion request where we are required or permitted to retain the information. We similarly may refuse to accommodate a request if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. Should an exemption apply, we will notify you of the exemption in our response to your request. Additionally, to the extent that we deny your request, residents of Colorado may appeal such decision by emailing us at Verifying Requests When we receive a request, we may be obligated to verify that the person requesting information or deletion is the person to whom the data request relates. This verification process is critical to maintaining the privacy and security of the personal data that you entrust to us. To verify a request, we may request up to three pieces of personal information about you to compare against our records. We may also request that you sign a declaration under the penalty of perjury from the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. INFORMATION SECURITY We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Payment transactions and related information are generally processed by third-party payment processors. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Services. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on our Services. Third Party Links Our Services may contain links to third-party websites. When we provide links, we do soonly as a convenience and do not endorse any products or services and are not responsible for any content of any third-party website or any links contained within. It is important to note that this Statement only applies to our Services. We are not responsible and assume no responsibility for any personal information collected, stored, or used by any third party as a result of your visiting third-party websites. We also advise that you read the privacy notice of any third-party websites you choose to visit carefully. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. CONTACT INFORMATION To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: or via our toll-free number: 1-800-367-5437 Be An Active Supporter Be the first to know about UNICEF's humanitarian relief efforts in times of emergency.