About Training Products Services Events News Contact About Training Products Services Events News Contact +44 (0)1295 670990 info@equipegroup.com Sitemap +44 (0)1295 670990 info@equipegroup.com Sitemap  About Our Company Our Staff Our Offices Our History Our Testimonials Training Overview Upcoming Courses Health and Safety Courses Overview Accident and Incident Investigation IOSH Avoiding Danger from Underground Services IOSH Safe Supervision of Geotechnical Sites Safe Working on Geotechnical Sites Managing and Working with Asbestos Risk in Ground Investigation Geotechnical Courses Overview Basic Foundation Design Cone Penetration Testing in Geotechnical Practice Earthworks Design and Construction Mastering the AGS Data Format Further Foundation Design Slope Stability Design Understanding & Scheduling Geotechnical Laboratory Tests In Situ Testing Rock Description Workshop Soil Description Workshop Land Drilling NVQ Products KeyLogbook On-Site Photoboards RhinoCorebox SAFER G - Rotary Rig Guard Services SPT Calibrations PUWER Inspections Events Geotechnica GEOfuture News Contact About Our Company Our Staff Our Offices Our History Our Testimonials Our Company Our Staff Our Offices Our History Our Testimonials Training Overview Upcoming Courses Health and Safety Courses Overview Accident and Incident Investigation IOSH Avoiding Danger from Underground Services IOSH Safe Supervision of Geotechnical Sites Safe Working on Geotechnical Sites Managing and Working with Asbestos Risk in Ground Investigation Geotechnical Courses Overview Basic Foundation Design Cone Penetration Testing in Geotechnical Practice Earthworks Design and Construction Mastering the AGS Data Format Further Foundation Design Slope Stability Design Understanding & Scheduling Geotechnical Laboratory Tests In Situ Testing Rock Description Workshop Soil Description Workshop Land Drilling NVQ Overview Upcoming Courses Health and Safety Courses Overview Accident and Incident Investigation IOSH Avoiding Danger from Underground Services IOSH Safe Supervision of Geotechnical Sites Safe Working on Geotechnical Sites Managing and Working with Asbestos Risk in Ground Investigation Geotechnical Courses Overview Basic Foundation Design Cone Penetration Testing in Geotechnical Practice Earthworks Design and Construction Mastering the AGS Data Format Further Foundation Design Slope Stability Design Understanding & Scheduling Geotechnical Laboratory Tests In Situ Testing Rock Description Workshop Soil Description Workshop Land Drilling NVQ Overview Accident and Incident Investigation IOSH Avoiding Danger from Underground Services IOSH Safe Supervision of Geotechnical Sites Safe Working on Geotechnical Sites Managing and Working with Asbestos Risk in Ground Investigation Overview Basic Foundation Design Cone Penetration Testing in Geotechnical Practice Earthworks Design and Construction Mastering the AGS Data Format Further Foundation Design Slope Stability Design Understanding & Scheduling Geotechnical Laboratory Tests In Situ Testing Rock Description Workshop Soil Description Workshop Products KeyLogbook On-Site Photoboards RhinoCorebox SAFER G - Rotary Rig Guard KeyLogbook On-Site Photoboards RhinoCorebox SAFER G - Rotary Rig Guard Services SPT Calibrations PUWER Inspections SPT Calibrations PUWER Inspections Events Geotechnica GEOfuture Geotechnica GEOfuture Our Privacy Policy. // What we do with your data. Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Equipe Group collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.equipegroup.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Equipe Group. Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Web browser cookies Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. How we use collected information Equipe Group may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes: To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently. To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services. To process payments We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service. To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them. To send periodic emails We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site. How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sharing your personal information We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission. Your rights as a data subject At any point while Equipe are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights: Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records. Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing. Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation. Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing. Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling. Third party websites Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. Changes to this privacy policy Equipe Group has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: Equipe Group The Paddocks Home Farm Offices The Upton Estate Banbury Oxfordshire OX15 6HU +44 (0)1295 670990 This document was last updated on 18th May 2018 This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Equipe Group collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.equipegroup.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Equipe Group. Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. Web browser cookies Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. How we use collected information Equipe Group may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes: To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently. To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services. To process payments We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service. To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them. To send periodic emails We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site. To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently. To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services. To process payments We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service. To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them. To send periodic emails We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site. How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sharing your personal information We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission. Your rights as a data subject At any point while Equipe are in possession of or processing your personal data, you, the data subject, have the following rights: Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records. Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing. Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation. Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing. Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling. Right of access – you have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records. Right to restriction of processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing. Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organisation. Right to object – you have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing. Right to object to automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right to be subject to the legal effects of automated processing or profiling. Third party websites Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. Changes to this privacy policy Equipe Group has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: Equipe Group The Paddocks Home Farm Offices The Upton Estate Banbury Oxfordshire OX15 6HU +44 (0)1295 670990 This document was last updated on 18th May 2018 Want regular updates? // Sign-up for our mailing list. We will only ever contact you via email. The information you provide here will not be used by any other party, nor will it be used to distribute our marketing via any other medium. For full information regarding how we handle your data in compliance with the GDPR, please see our Privacy Policy. We will only ever contact you via email. The information you provide here will not be used by any other party, nor will it be used to distribute our marketing via any other medium. For full information regarding how we handle your data in compliance with the GDPR, please see our Privacy Policy. BACK TO TOP Training Health and Safety Geotechnical Upcoming Courses Land Drilling NVQ Products KeyLogbook On-Site Photoboards RhinoCorebox SAFER G - Rotary Rig Guard Services PUWER Inspections SPT Calibrations Events Geotechnica Privacy Policy / Cookie Policy / Sitemap / Terms and Conditions © Copyright Equipe Group Designed and Built in the UK by Equipe Design - a Division of the Equipe Group Training Health and Safety Geotechnical Upcoming Courses Land Drilling NVQ Products KeyLogbook On-Site Photoboards RhinoCorebox SAFER G - Rotary Rig Guard Services PUWER Inspections SPT Calibrations Events Geotechnica Privacy Policy / Cookie Policy / Sitemap / Terms and Conditions Training Health and Safety Geotechnical Upcoming Courses Land Drilling NVQ