streamline-icon-single-neutral-circle@140x140 Group Fetching mountains...  Last Updated: June 29, 2023 If you are a parent or guardian of a child, please review the section titled Children’s Information below. If you are a California resident, Nevada resident, Virginia resident, Colorado resident, Connecticut resident, or data subject in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, please see the following sections at the end of this Privacy Policy or click on the relevant link below: If you have any questions or wish to exercise your rights and choices, please contact us as set out in the “Contact Us” section below. A. Information You Provide Wizards collects information you provide directly via the Service. The data we collect may include data (whether alone or in combination) that identifies you personally. The categories of information we have collected in the last 12 months include the following: Wizards collects data from you at various points while you are using the Service, including as described below: Whatever the activity may be, we will only collect information to the extent it is reasonably necessary to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. If you do not want to submit certain information when requested, you may not be able to access certain areas on our Service or take advantage of certain features of our Service. You may choose to voluntarily submit other information to us through the Service that we do not request, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information. B. Information Collected Automatically We automatically collect information when you use our Service. The categories of information we have automatically collected in the last 12 months include the following: We use various current – and later – developed technologies to collect this data (“Tracking Technologies”), including the following: For further information on how we use Tracking Technologies and your rights and choices regarding them, please see the sections titled Social Media and Technology Integrations and Your Rights and Choices. C. Information from Other Sources We also obtain information about you from third party sources. The categories of third-party sources from which we have collected information in the last 12 months include the following: For further information on these sources, see the section titled Social Media and Technology Integrations below. Wizards retains the information we collect only as long as necessary to fulfill the business and commercial purposes for which it was collected, as identified in this Privacy Policy. Our business and commercial purposes for using information in the last 12 months include the following: Notwithstanding the above, we may use publicly available information (as that term is defined by applicable law) or information that does not identify you (including information that has been de-identified or aggregated, as those terms are defined by applicable law) for any purpose to the extent permitted by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use information about you, please see the section titled Your Rights and Choices below. A. Information Disclosed in the Last 12 Months Wizards discloses information about you in accordance with the practices described in this Privacy Policy. The categories of entities to whom we disclosed information in the last 12 months include the following: B. Information Disclosed General In addition to the categories listed above, Wizards may disclose information about you as follows: Without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, we may disclose aggregated information which does not identify you or de-identified information about you with third parties or affiliates for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we disclose your information, please see the section titled Your Rights and Choices below. A. A Note to Parents Wizards has developed its Service to be appropriate for a wide range of audiences and not directed to children under 13 (“Children” or “Child”). In general, Children may access the Service only if Wizards has obtained prior verifiable parental consent from their parent or guardian in compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule (“COPPA”). If you are a parent or guardian, please discuss this Privacy Policy with your Children so that they will better understand how to use the Service and the information they may be asked to provide when using the Service. If you have any questions or comments about how we treat Children’s information or our compliance with COPPA, please contact us as set forth in the section titled Contact Us below. If your Child is a California resident, review the section titled Additional Disclosures for California Residents. If your child is in Colorado or Connecticut, see the sections titled Additional Disclosures for Colorado Residents and Additional Disclosures for Connecticut Residents below. If your child is in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, or United Kingdom, review the section titled Additional Disclosures for Data Subjects in the European Economic Area, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom. B. Services Directed to Children Wizards may also offer certain areas of the Service that are identified as for Children and on such special areas of our Service we will either provide direct notice to a parent of our collection and use of Children’s personal information as defined by COPPA and obtain prior verifiable parental consent or limit our data collection activities to comply with the obligations of COPPA for Child-directed services. For a list of services that Wizards treats as being directed to Children under COPPA, please contact us as set forth in the section titled Contact Us. C. Collection, Use, and Sharing of Children's Information Wizards may collect, use, and disclose personal information from Children if it is submitted by a Child with prior verifiable parental consent or by the parent or guardian of the Child. To determine who is younger than 13 years old and whether prior verifiable parental consent is required, we ask all users who wish to register to submit their date of birth. Those users that indicate they are Children are either blocked from the activity or taken through a parental consent process. As part of the parental consent process, parents have the choice of consenting to our collection and internal use of their Child’s personal information but prohibiting us from disclosing that information to third parties (except to the extent such disclosure is integral to our Service). If we learn or have reason to suspect that we have collected information from a Child in violation of COPPA, we will promptly delete it. In limited circumstances, in accordance with COPPA, Wizards does not require verifiable parental consent prior to collection, use, or sharing of Children’s personal information. For example, Wizards may collect and store persistent identifiers (e.g., cookies, IP addresses, etc.) from Children without prior verifiable parental consent where we collect no other Children’s personal information and such persistent identifiers are collected solely for the purpose of providing support for the internal operations of the Service. Subject to our compliance with COPPA, Wizards may collect personal information from Children for any of the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and may use, disclose, and otherwise process such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We take reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of Children’s personal information, including by taking reasonable steps to release such information only to parties capable of maintaining its confidentiality and security. We retain Children’s personal information only as long as is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected and delete such information using reasonable measures to protect against its unauthorized access or use. Please refer to the sections titled Information Collection, Information Use, and Disclosure of Information for further details on how we process information. D. Parental Access A parent or guardian who has already given Wizards permission to collect, use, and disclose their Child’s personal information can, at any time, do the following: (1) review, correct, or delete the Child’s personal information; and/or (2) discontinue further collection, use, or disclosure of the Child’s personal information. To do so, please refer to the confirmation email provided to you when you gave consent or contact us as set forth in the section titled Contact Us below. Please be sure to include your Child’s name and email address, your name and email address, and the area of the Service on which your Child is registered. We offer parts of our Service through websites, locations, platforms, and services operated, owned, or controlled by separate entities. In addition, we integrate technologies operated, owned, or controlled by separate entities into parts of our Service. Some examples include: Please note that when you interact with other entities, including when you leave our Service, those entities may independently collect information about you. The information collected and stored by those entities remains subject to their own policies and practices, including what information they disclose to us, your choices on their services and devices, and whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage our users to read third party privacy policies before submitting any information to such third parties. For further information on Tracking Technologies and your rights and choices regarding them, please see the sections titled Information Collected Automatically and Your Rights and Choices below. We use analytics providers, such as Google Analytics, to help us analyze your use of the Service, compile statistic reports on the Service’s activity, and provide other services relating to Service activity and internet usage. We also work with agencies, advertisers, ad networks, and other technology services to place ads for our products and services on other websites and services. As part of this process, we may incorporate Tracking Technologies into our own Service (including our website and emails) as well as into ads displayed on other websites and services. Some of these Tracking Technologies may track your activities across time and services for purposes of associating the different devices you use and delivering relevant ads and/or other content to you on the Service and other services after you have left the Service (“Interest-based Advertising”). We also use audience matching services to reach people (or people with similar activity patterns to those people) who have visited our Service or are identified in one or more of our databases (“Matched Ads”). This is done by us uploading a customer list to a technology service or incorporating a pixel from a technology service into our own Service, and the technology service matching common factors between our data and their data. For instance, we incorporate the Facebook pixel on our Service and may disclose your email address to Facebook as part of our use of Facebook Custom Audiences. Some technology services, such as LiveRamp, may provide us with their own data, which is then uploaded into another technology service for matching common factors between those factors. For further information on the types of Tracking Technologies we use on the Service and your rights and choices regarding analytics, Interest-based Advertising, and Matched Ads, please see the Information Collected Automatically and Your Rights and Choices sections. A. Jurisdictional Rights In addition to these rights and choices below, you may have rights based upon your jurisdiction. Please visit the relevant jurisdiction section at the end of this Privacy Policy for more details. B. Review and Updating Account Information If you have registered an account, you may at any time review or update the Contact Data in your account through your account settings or by contacting us as set forth in the section titled Contact Us below. Please be sure to include in your message the name of the feature for which you registered and the email address you used to register so that we can verify your request. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. C. Posted Content If you wish to review, correct, or delete content or information you have publicly posted on our Service you may do so by visiting the individual post and selecting the “Edit” or “Delete” options. Alternatively, you may contact us as set forth in the section titled Contact Us below with your request. Requests must state that the user personally posted such content or information and detail where the content or information is posted. Note that we will make reasonable good-faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, and removal of this content or information from public view does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal. After your removal request has been honored, we may retain copies of the content or information you have previously posted on our servers. Additionally, we are not required to remove your posted content or information if we are required by law to retain it. D. Tracking Technology Choices Please be aware that if you disable or remove Tracking Technologies some parts of the Service may not function correctly. E. Analytics and Interest-Based Advertising To opt-out of us using your data for Matched Ads, please contact us as set forth in the Contact Us section below and specify that you wish to opt-out of Matched Ads. We will request that the applicable technology service not serve you Matched Ads based on information we provide to it. Alternatively, you may directly contact the applicable technology service to opt-out. You may also limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving targeted ads to you by going to your device settings and selecting "Limit Ad Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads" (for Android devices). Please note that if you opt-out using any of these methods, the opt-out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt-out. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-party opt-out options or programs, or the accuracy of any company statements regarding their opt-out options or programs. F. Unlinking Your Accounts If you have linked your Wizards account with certain social network or gaming platforms, such as Facebook or Steam, you may unlink your accounts at any time by visiting your Wizards account settings. Please note that unlinking your accounts will not affect any information previously disclosed through the linking. Wizards is not responsible for any platform practices, and we recommend that you carefully review their online policies. G. Communications Wizards takes reasonable steps to help protect the security and integrity of any information you provide to us by implementing and maintaining administrative, physical, and technical safeguards. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through our Service. Wizards is based in the U.S. and the information it collects is governed by U.S. law. If you are accessing the Service from outside the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the Service may be transferred across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world, including the U.S. Note that data protection laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be different from those of your country of residence. By using the Service, you are expressly consenting to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information, including personal data, in the U.S. as well as other jurisdictions where Wizards conducts business or provides services. If your data is collected in the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we will transfer your personal data subject to appropriate safeguards, such as Standard Contractual Clauses. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy. Please visit this page from time to time to check for changes. Your continued use of our Service indicates your consent to the Privacy Policy then posted. If the changes are material, we may provide additional notice to you by email. If you have any comments, questions, or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, our privacy practices, or our compliance with European regulations, please contact us using any of the following methods: By mail: Wizards of the Coast ATTN: Customer Support P.O. Box 707 Renton, WA 98057-0707 By phone: US/Canada: (800) 324-6496 Other countries: (425) 204-8069 Note: We are available Monday through Friday, from 9:00 am to 6:00 pm Pacific Time, and also on weekends from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm Pacific Time. Online form: ESRB: European Requests: California provides additional rights to California residents, including through the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”). This section addresses those rights and only applies to California residents. A. Notice of Collection We have collected the following categories of personal information (as described in the CCPA) in the past 12 months: For further details on the personal information we collect and the sources from which we obtain such personal information, please see the section above titled Information Collection. Wizards collects and uses this personal information set out above for the business and commercial purposes described in the section above titled Information Use. We disclose this personal information to the categories of persons set out in the above section titled Disclosure of Information. Please visit those sections for further details. We do not sell your personal information as that term is traditionally understood. However, some of our disclosures of personal information may be considered a “sale” or “share” as those terms are defined under the CCPA. A “sale” is broadly defined under the CCPA to include a disclosure for something of value, and a “share” is broadly defined under the CCPA to include a disclosure for cross-context behavioral advertising. We collect, sell, or share the following categories of personal information for commercial purposes: identifiers, characteristics, commercial or transactions information, internet activity, non-precise geolocation data, and inferences drawn. The categories of third parties to whom we sell or share your personal information include, where applicable, vendors and other parties involved in cross-context behavioral advertising. For details about your rights regarding sales and shares, please see the below section titled Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. B. Sensitive Personal Information In addition, we have collected the following categories of sensitive personal information (as described in the CCPA) in the past 12 months: For further details on the sensitive personal information we collect and how we obtain this information, please review the above section titled Information Collection. We collect, use, and disclose this sensitive personal information as necessary to provide the Service or products as reasonably expected by an average consumer who accesses the Service or requests such products. We do not use your sensitive personal information for purposes other than permissible business purposes under the CCPA. Additionally, we do not “sell” or “share” your sensitive personal information as those terms are defined by the CCPA. C. Retention Wizards retains each category of personal information, including sensitive personal information, for the length of time that is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements. D. Right to Know, Correct, and Delete If you are a California resident, you have the right to know certain information about our data practices. In particular, you have the right to request the following from us: You also have the right to request the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. In addition, you have the right to correct or delete the personal information we have collected from you. These rights are subject to certain exceptions and also apply to sensitive personal information. E. Right to Opt-Out of Sales and Sharing To the extent Wizards sells or shares your personal information as the terms “sell” or “share” are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information by us to third parties at any time. F. Authorized Agent You can designate an authorized agent to submit requests on your behalf. Requests must be submitted through the methods listed above. Except for opt-out requests, we will require written proof of the agent’s permission to do so and verify your identity directly. G. Right to Non-Discrimination You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your rights. H. California Minors We do not knowingly sell information of minors under 16 who are residents of California without their affirmative authorization, or the affirmative authorization of their parent or guardian for minors under 13. Affirmative authorization can be withdrawn at any time by emailing us at privacy@wizards.com or calling our toll-free number at (800) 324-6496. If you are a California resident under 18 years old and registered to use the Service, you can ask us to remove any content or information you have posted on the Service. To make a request, email us at privacy@wizards.com with “California Under 18 Content Removal Request” in the subject line, and tell us what you want removed. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view, although we cannot ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of the content and may retain the content as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. I. Shine the Light Customers who are residents of California may request (1) a list of the categories of personal information disclosed by us to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for those third parties’ own direct marketing purposes; and (2) a list of the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed such information. To exercise a request, please write us at the email or postal address set out in the Contact Us section above and specify that you are making a “California Shine the Light” request. We may require additional information from you to allow us to verify your identity, and we are only required to respond to requests once during any calendar year. Virginia provides additional rights to Virginia residents through the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”). This section addresses those rights and applies only to Virginia residents. You have the following rights under the VCDPA: Effective July 1, 2023, the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”) provides specific rights to Colorado residents. This section addresses those rights and applies only to Colorado residents. If you are a Colorado resident, you have a right under the CPA to access all of the personal information we have collected from you and that we maintain about you, to obtain a portable copy of that information, and a right to request deletion or correction of that information. Under the CPA, we must obtain your clear, affirmative consent for: You may additionally opt out of any sales or processing of any data for which we formerly obtained your consent. Data Minimization: We must also limit the data we store by reviewing no less than annually whether storage of your information serves a legitimate business purpose and removing that data if no legitimate business purpose is identified. Re-Obtaining Consent: We may re-seek consent from you if you have previously opted out from processing activities. If you have not interacted with us for at least one year, we are required by the CPA to re-obtain your affirmative consent to process any of your information. Effective July 1, 2023, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CTDPA”) provides specific rights to Connecticut residents. This section addresses those rights and applies only to Connecticut residents. Under the CTDPA, you have a right to access, correction, and deletion of your personal information. You further have the right to obtain from us a portable copy of your personal data to the extent it is technically feasible for us to provide such a copy. You may also opt out of processing for: Consent: We must obtain your direct, clear consent for processing of any sensitive personal information, and must provide an effective method to you for revocation of consent. If we receive a revocation request, we must cease processing your data within 15 days. Data Minimization: We must limit collection of personal data to what is adequate, relevant, and reasonably necessary for the purposes listed in this Privacy Policy. Children in Connecticut: We may not process children’s personal data for targeted advertising or sell children’s personal data. We must obtain consent to use personal data for targeted advertising or sell personal data from a person aged 13 to 15 when we have actual knowledge that that person is between 13 and 15. The European Economic Area, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom (collectively, “Europe”) provide additional rights to individuals located in those jurisdictions, including through the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). This section addresses those rights and applies only to those individuals. A. Roles Data protection laws in Europe distinguish between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as “controllers”) and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as “processors”). Wizards acts as a controller with respect to personal data collected as you interact with our websites, emails, and advertisements. B. Lawful Basis for Processing Data protection laws in Europe require a “lawful basis” for processing personal data. Our lawful bases include where: (1) you have given consent to the processing for one or more specific purposes, either to us or to our service providers or partners; (2) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you; (3) processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (4) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or a third party, and your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms do not override those interests. C. Your European Privacy Rights If you are a data subject in Europe, you have the right to access, rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you through the Service. You also have the right to data portability, right to be forgotten, and the right to restrict or object to our processing of personal data we have collected about you through the Service. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it to third parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any data processing we do based on consent you have provided to us. If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a European supervisory authority. D. Children in Europe If you are a child under 16 in Europe, you may access the Service only to the extent that consent is given or authorized by the holder of parental responsibly over you. Please speak with your parent or guardian about this Privacy Policy so you can better understand how we use your personal data. We make reasonable efforts to verify that consent is given or authorized by the holder of parental responsibility over you, and, if we learn or have reason to suspect that we have collected personal data from you without parental consent, we will promptly delete it. 简体中文 繁體中文 Français Deutsch Italiano 日本語 한국어 Português (Brasil) Русский Español English © 1993-2023 Wizards of the Coast LLC, a subsidiary of Hasbro, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Ok, I agree No, thanks