Usernames can be rejected for any reason. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service is only available to users over a certain age. Your identity is used in ads that are shown to other users. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. Very broad copyright license on your content. This service court of law is california. You waive your right to a class action. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms. The service provides a free help desk. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. This service holds onto content that you've deleted. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. They may stop providing the service at any time. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. You maintain ownership of your content. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account. Terms may be changed at their discretion, but they will notify you before.. Users are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service.. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service