 Select Page #main-content #main-footer .et_pb_post .entry-content Privacy Statement PRIVACY AND DATA SECURITY STATEMENT Thank you for visiting Slashdot Media’s online and mobile resources, and for viewing this privacy and data security statement. Our full privacy statement, contained in the pages that follow, serves to give notice about the types of personal data we collect, how we use it, who we share it with and why, and what we do to try to protect it. We encourage you to read our full statement carefully. Your Privacy Choices and Rights You do not have to provide personal data to enjoy most of the features of our online and mobile resources. Moreover, you can opt out of certain activities like newsletters and announcements. You can learn more about that This privacy statement was amended as of January 1, 2023 and is effective as of that date. The English language version of this privacy statement is the controlling version regardless of any translation you may attempt. SOME IMPORTANT VOCABULARY Although not itself a contract, this privacy statement is an important document that explains how we address some of our legal obligations, and your related legal rights, involving personal data. Clarity is, therefore, important. We will use this section to let you know about some words that have special meanings whenever you see them in this statement. Let’s start with the word itself: when we reference , and , we mean the Privacy and Data Security Statement you are reading now. Wherever we say , , , , or , we mean Slashdot Media LLC and the various websites that we own and operate linked to this statement. We use the words and to mean you, the reader, and other visitors to our online and mobile resources who are, in all cases, over the age of 18. This age requirement is discussed in more detail later in this statement . "statement" "this statement" "this privacy statement" "our statement" "Company "we" "us" our "SDM" "you" your When we talk about our , we mean all websites, portals, or other features SDM operates, as well as the mobile apps we’ve created and distributed to let you interact with the content we provide. Those online and mobile resources include, and this statement covers, SlashdotMedia.com, SourceForge.net, Slashdot.org, wirefly.com, myrateplan.com, voipreview.org, linuxjournal.com and tmonews.com. SDM also offers certain business-to-business marketing and advertising services. When we refer to we mean the special types of advertisements and other content, such as whitepapers and email contents, containing forms or other means for users to provide information showing their interest in the applicable product or service. We do our best to make sure each of our online and mobile resources, as well as lead ads and content, link to this statement. In referring to an it means when you "follow" us, "like" us or take a similar or analogous action on our external social media presence. "online and mobile resources" "lead ads and content" "affinity action" Finally, and perhaps most importantly, when we refer to , we mean any information, data or data element, whether in electronic or other form, that, alone or in combination with other elements, can be used to distinguish, trace, or discover your identity. Certain data privacy laws include specific elements or defined terms for what they consider to be the personal data (or personal information) they govern. Where such data privacy laws apply, then the term "personal data" includes the specific elements and defined terms required by such laws. "personal data" WHO DO WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA FROM? We collect personal data from the following groups of data subjects: visitors to, users of, and those that interact with our online and mobile resources ads and content ("Visitors and Users") customers of our advertising marketing and lead generation services ("Customers") members of our workforce and those who apply for posted jobs ("Our Workforce and Job Applicants") our third-party vendors and business partners ("Vendors and Business Partners") The categories of data we collect from each of these groups, and the ways in which we use it, differs. Our Visitors and Users Thus, the words and throughout this privacy statement mean only those categories of data subjects. In the case of Comprehensive Privacy Laws, "you" and "your" are further defined below in relation to those laws. This privacy statement applies only to Visitors and Users of our online and mobile resources and those that interact with our lead generation ads and content including content we may send as part of email campaigns. "your" Our Customers Our customers enter into contracts with us. That contract is separate from this statement and has its own terms and conditions for notice of collection of personal data and governing our overall confidentiality, data privacy and data security obligations. As a result, those terms, and not this statement, apply to the personal data of customers. Our Workforce and Job Applicants We collect and retain the types of professional or employment related personal data you would expect an employer to have about its workforce and job applicants. We provide legally required notices of collection and describe our use and sharing of the personal data of our workforce and applicants in greater detail in confidential internal human resource manuals and documents accessible to members of our workforce. Our Vendors and Business Partners Like all corporate enterprises, we buy goods and services, lease equipment and office space and attend industry events. In doing so, we interact with existing and potential vendors and business partners from whom we necessarily collect certain personal data. We describe our use of vendor and business partner personal data in greater detail in our confidential contracts with those parties. WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU? We collect personal data in three ways: (i) personal data you voluntarily provide to us; (ii) personal data we collect through automated/technical means; and (iii) personal data that you have previously made available publicly or to other sources. We describe that type of voluntary submission and automatic collection in the tables below. Voluntarily Submitted Data If you choose to participate in or make use of certain activities and features available via our online and mobile resources, you will need to provide us with data about yourself. The types of personal data you will be submitting to us in those situations is almost always limited to basic such as your name, email address, mailing address and phone number. Below are some of the ways you voluntarily give us your personal data: identifiers Data we collect voluntarily provided by you when you register on our site, fill out a form, write a review, write a comment, interact with website tools, upload images or content, e-mail us or subscribe to one of our email lists. This data is directly provided by you. Categories of data we collect voluntarily from you include: If you register as a user, we collect personal data such as your full name, business or personal email address, job title, the name of your company, industry sector, and your telephone number; Other information and data you may provide when writing a review, submitting a forum or blog post, submitting a comment, submitting a support or bug ticket, editing a wiki, uploading files or images, open-source code, or inbound emailing to an open-source project list. Other data you provide when you communicate with us including your full name, contact details and business email address, phone number and details of any such communications. We use this data for certain activities, including: Verifying the validity of your review(s) and ensuring that false, misleading or malicious reviews are not posted: Sending you email including, but not limited to service announcements, account related messages, project related updates, subscribed newsletters; Sending marketing information and offers to business contacts regarding Slashdot Media services; Inviting you to provide reviews about other products and services, and to consider other services provided by Slashdot Media; Providing our services, managing our website, responding to your questions, investigating any complaints, and providing customer service; Customize your digital markets experience; Resolving disputes; For internal analytical and research purposes to help us to measure interest in and improve our services; Preventing prohibited or illegal activities; Enforcing our policies. We use this data because: We have a legitimate business interest to: Manage and promote our business and brand; Provide and improve our services; Operate our business; Improve the performance and user experience of our websites; Monitor, investigate and report any attempts to breach the security of our websites; Resolve any concerns or disputes you may have Automatically Collected Data When you visit our sites or use our online and mobile resources, is automatically collected through your browser via tracking technologies, such as “cookies.” As just about everyone knows by now, cookies are small text files downloaded onto your computer or mobile device. Cookies allow us to collect your and recognize your computer or mobile device and store some data about your preferences for using our online and mobile resources or past actions, such as described in the table below: basic data about your internet/electronic activity IP address Data we collect about your use of our website and apps (Automatically Collected). Categories of data we collect automatically about you include: Data recorded in our logs, including URL, IP address, browser & OS data, timestamp, referring site, geolocation, and other standard browser data; Behavioral data (such as data on the behavior or presumed interests of individuals which are linked to those individuals and may be used to create a user profile) pages viewed, images viewed, documents downloaded and links to other sites followed; Data captured by our cookies (see our ). To personalize your experience on our website; Operating our website, developing, and improving our products and services; Analytical, statistical and trend analysis to improve the user experience and performance of our website; Facilitate your access to and use of our website; Resolving disputes and troubleshooting problems. It is necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations; Develop our product and service offerings for service users. You have given us your consent (where required under applicable law) to use your data for marketing. Where we rely on your consent, you have the right to withdraw this consent by contacting us using the information above or unsubscribing via the opt-out functionality provided in our marketing communications to you Resolve any concerns or disputes you may have. Data provided by you directly that we collect when you: Create or claim a free or paid listing Connect with Slashdot Media sales representatives Register for an account with us Correspond with us (either by phone or email) Personal data such as your full name and contact details such as the name of your company, the state/county in which you are based, business email address, your telephone number and job title; Your company website URL; What you are interested in hearing about (e.g., lead generation or website review); What advertising channels you use such as pay per click, pay per view, fixed or other advertising channels; Data about the software you offer, e.g., the product name, type of software and product description; Data we require so we may invoice you, including your payment details and billing data; and Other data you provide when you communicate with us, including your full name, contact details and business email address, phone number and details of our communications. Fulfilling your requests, for example, to publish your listing and other submitted content, to provide you with details of leads (including their name, data about their business, software requirements and follow up next steps (e.g., request demo), and to invoice you appropriately; Managing your profile and listings; Sending you service emails (e.g., service announcements and messages relating to your account); Providing consultation services; Notifying you about special offers available from us, our affiliates or partners, which may be of interest to you; Sending marketing to business contacts regarding our services and products which may be of interest and to promote our business and brand; Administering our services and website, investigating any complaints and providing customer service; Responding to your questions and requests and otherwise customize your digital markets experience; For internal analysis and research to help us to measure interest in and improve our services; Obtain payment for our services; We have collected your consent (where required under applicable law) to use your data for marketing. Where we rely upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw this consent by contacting the Data Protection Officer on the contact details above or unsubscribing via the opt-out functionality provided in our marketing communications to you. If you prefer, we not receive the above-described personal data, please do not submit it. This means you should not participate in the applicable activities on or use the applicable features available from our online and mobile resources. Such participation and use are strictly your choice. By not participating, you may limit your ability to take full advantage of the online and mobile resources, but most of the content in our online and mobile resources will still be available to you. Additional data about cookies and tracking technologies is available . If you access our online and mobile resources from a phone or other mobile device, the mobile services provider may transmit to us certain data such as uniquely identifiable mobile device data. That, in turn, allows us to collect Some mobile phone service providers also operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices, and we may receive this as well. mobile phone numbers and associate them with the mobile device identification data. geolocation data When you use our online and mobile resources, we may allow third party service providers to place their own cookies or similar technologies to engage in the same types of collection we describe above. Finally, there is a category of personal data we may collect that does not fit neatly into the “voluntarily submitted” or “automatically collected” categories. If you use both our app and a third party mail service (such as Google’s Gmail, Yahoo! Mail and the like) on your mobile device, you may have activated a setting that allows us to use certain technologies such as application programming interfaces, to automatically access (sometimes referred to as “parse”) your mail If you did activate the setting allowing us to do so, our use of any data we receive from those technologies will adhere to the requirements of the publisher of the applicable technology. This includes, if we use Google APIs, adhering to the and its Limited Use requirements. as it relates to your use of our app. Data Collected from Other Sources As part of our services, we will sometimes initially identify prospective customers via public websites or applications operated by third parties such as Seamless.ai. The type of data we collect is the same as that described above, such as name, email address, mailing address and phone number, as well as potentially workplace and job title. We purchase data sets from third parties and use them to check the accuracy of the data we collected from such public sources. In some cases, we may use the data we purchased from a third party even if we did not previously collect it from a public source. We exercise reasonable care and due diligence in purchasing data from third parties and only do so when we are able to obtain assurances that they obtained personal data in a lawful manner. User Beware: External Sites, Apps, Links and Social Media We maintain a presence on one or more external social media platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn. We may further allow the community features of our online and mobile resources to connect with, or be viewable from, that external social media presence. Similarly, our online and mobile resources may contain links to other websites or apps controlled by third parties. We are not responsible for the content on, or the privacy practices of, social media platforms, or any third-party sites or apps to which we link. Those apps, sites and platforms are not controlled by us and therefore have their own privacy policies and terms of use. That means even if you take an affinity action on our specific social media profile, and identifiers about you are automatically collected and given to us as a result, that collection and transfer is governed by the privacy policies and other terms of the applicable social media platform and are not our responsibility. If you have questions about how those apps, sites and platforms collect and use personal data, you should carefully read their privacy policies and contact them using the data they provide. To be clear: neither this statement nor the terms of use appearing on or in any of our online and mobile resources apply to our social media presence or any third-party sites or apps to which we may link. HOW DO WE USE THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT? We use the personal data we collect only in the manner and through the means allowed by applicable law. That means we determine whether we have a lawful basis/legitimate business purpose to use your personal data before doing so. As stated in applicable law, such lawful bases/legitimate business purposes may include receiving express consent, operating our business, performing a contract, and complying with a legal obligation. More specifically, we use the personal data as follows: We use the automatically collected personal data described to compile generic reports about popular pages/features of our online and mobile resources, and to see how users are accessing our online and mobile resources and, in some cases, (such as affinity actions) send materials to you. We use the personal data you voluntarily submitted, as described , to respond back directly to you and/or send you the data you requested or about which you inquired. We also may use any such personal data you provide to customize our programs and newsletters to make them more relevant to you. We use the personal data that we collect from other sources to contact prospective customers and provide them with details regarding our services. In limited cases we do sell personal data which you voluntarily provide when using our online and mobile resources. We describe those cases in . We use and retain your personal data in accordance with applicable law and only as long as necessary to carry out the purposes described above in accordance with our internal data retention procedures. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA We retain your personal data for a period of time consistent with the purpose of collection and processing, required to fulfill our legal obligations and for enforcing our agreements. The retention period for personal data is determined by us based on the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the personal data, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and any applicable legal requirements. For example, we will retain certain identifiers for as long as it is necessary to continue maintaining your account and providing you our products and services, to comply with our tax, accounting, and recordkeeping obligations, to administer certain warranties, and for research, development, and safety purposes, as well as an additional period as necessary to protect, defend, or establish our rights, defend against potential claims, and to comply with our legal obligations. Typically, after expiry of the applicable retention periods, your personal data will be deleted, unless such deletion is rendered impractical or unreasonably burdensome due technical or other reasons, including where it becomes technically impossible, data retained as part of automatic archiving and back-up procedures, In such cases where any information is retained, We will implement appropriate measures designed to prevent misuse of such data. In certain circumstances, we may anonymize your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such data without further notice to you. WHEN/WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA? We may share your personal data as described below. This sharing applies to the personal data of all four groups of data subjects. Affiliates We may share personal data with other corporate affiliates who will use such data in the same way as we can under this statement. Legal Requirements We may disclose personal data to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so by such government authorities, or at our discretion or otherwise as required or permitted by law, including responding to court orders and subpoenas. To Prevent Harm We also may disclose such data when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property or harming or potentially harming other persons or property. Business Sale/Purchase If we, or any of our affiliates, sell or transfer all or substantially all of our assets, equity interests or securities, or are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, divestiture, consolidation, or liquidation, personal data may be one of the transferred assets. Vendors and Business Partners We also share personal data with those of our vendors and business partners who need it to perform under the contracts we have with them. As part of our , we have adopted standards for those vendors and business partners who receive personal data from us. We attempt to bind such vendors and business partners to those standards via written contracts. Such standards include expectations that when we share personal data with our vendors and business partners, they will comply with all applicable privacy and data security laws and regulations and our Security Program and will contractually require and cause their subcontractors and agents to do the same For any personal data, our vendors and business partners process or store at their own locations, we further expect them to use technology infrastructure meeting, at least at the facilities level, minimum recognized standards for security controls. Such recognized standards include those published by the International Standards Organization, the National Institute of Standards and Technology or any reasonably equivalent standards. Our Data Security Program We have adopted, implemented, and maintain an enterprise-wide corporate data security and privacy program that includes technical, organizational, administrative, and other security measures designed to protect, as required by applicable law, against reasonably anticipated or actual threats to the security of your personal data (the ). Our Security Program was created with reference to widely recognized industry standards such as those published by the International Standards Organization and the National Institute of Standards and Technology. It includes, among many other things, procedures for assessing the need for and employing encryption and multi-factor authentication as appropriate or using equivalent compensating controls. We therefore have every reason to believe our Security Program is reasonable and appropriate for our business and the nature of foreseeable risks to the personal data we collect. We further periodically review and update our Security Program, including as required by applicable law. "Security Program" Our Incident Response and Management Plan Despite the significant investment we’ve made in, and our commitment to, the Security Program including enforcement of our third party , we cannot guarantee that your personal data, whether during transmission or while stored on our systems, otherwise in our care, or the care of our vendors and business partners, will be free from either failed or successful attempts at unauthorized access or that loss or accidental destruction will never occur. Except for our duty under applicable law to maintain the Security Program, we necessarily disclaim, to the maximum extent the law allows any other liability for any such theft or loss of, unauthorized access or damage to, or interception of any data or communications including personal data. All that said, as part of our Security Program, we have specific incident response and management procedures that are activated whenever we become aware that your personal data was likely to have been compromised. Those procedures include mechanisms to provide, when circumstances and/or our legal obligations warrant, notice to all affected data subjects within the timeframes required by law, as well as to give them such other mitigation and protection services (such as the credit monitoring and identity theft insurance) as may be required by applicable law. We further require, as part of our vendor and business partner oversight procedures, that such parties notify us at least within the timeframes required by law if they have any reason to believe that an incident adversely affecting personal data we provided to them has occurred. YOUR GENERAL RIGHTS AND OPTIONS If we are using your personal data to send you marketing materials, such as newsletters or product alerts via text or email, you may opt out by following the opt-out instructions linked or otherwise provided in the applicable email or other communication (e.g., by responding to the text with “STOP”). In addition, certain of our online and mobile resources will provide a centralized opt-out link allowing you to opt out of any programs in which you may have enrolled using that online and mobile resource. When we receive your request, we will take reasonable steps to remove your name from our distribution lists, but it may take time to do so. You may still receive materials for a period of time after you opt out. Opting out of or changing affinity actions or other submissions or requests made on our external social media presence, require that you do so directly on that applicable platform as we do not control their procedures. Some browsers have a do not track (“DNT”) feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. We do not support DNT. We do support Global Privacy Control ("GPC") in jurisdictions that require it such as California. The GPC signal communicates a Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315 if enabled for that browser or device, or, the data subject if they can be identified. You also have additional rights under certain laws to withdraw consent and to instruct us not to sell your personal data. We describe those rights and the procedure for exercising them . CHILDREN’S PRIVACY Federal law imposes special restrictions and obligations on commercial website operators who direct their operations toward and collect and use /data from children under the age of 13. We take those age-related requirements very seriously, and, consistent with them, do not intend for our online and mobile resources to be used by children under the age of 18, and certainly not by those under the age of 13. Moreover, we do not knowingly collect personal data from minors under the age of 18. If we become aware that anyone under the age of 18 has submitted personal data to us via our online and mobile resources, we will delete that data and not use it for any purpose whatsoever. We encourage parents and legal guardians to talk with their children about the potential risks of providing personal data over the Internet. COMPREHENSIVE PRIVACY LAWS Privacy and data protection laws vary around the world and among the individual United States. Our obligations arising under the majority of the world’s privacy laws, including U.S. federal and most state laws, are satisfied by individual risk assessments that we conduct to ensure we act reasonably and responsibly when processing your personal data. In some jurisdictions, however, privacy laws grant you, the data subject, certain specific rights regarding your personal data. We refer to these types of privacy laws as Examples of Comprehensive Privacy Laws include the European Union (), and United Kingdom’s () variants of the General Data Protection Regulation (collectively, the ), and the consumer privacy statutes of several U.S. states, such as California, Colorado, Utah, and Virginia. In other jurisdictions, such as Nevada, privacy laws have some features of Comprehensive Privacy Laws such as the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal data. "Comprehensive Privacy Laws." "EU GDPR" "UK GDPR" "GDPR" The nature and locations of our business activities make us subject to some, though not necessarily all, Comprehensive Privacy Laws. We are for instance, subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act, or and the GDPR. As such, when we collect personal data from data subjects protected by the CCPA or GDPR, we become subject to, and those data subjects have rights under, those Comprehensive Privacy Laws. This section of our statement is used to explain your rights under those laws. For purposes of this section, the words and mean only California consumers (as defined by CCPA) and data subjects whose personal data was collected while they were in a GDPR jurisdiction. "CCPA" Questions about how the Comprehensive Privacy Laws of other jurisdictions might apply to us can be directed to us through the contact data found . Your Rights and Our Obligations under the CCPA Categories of Data Collected We collected the following categories of personal data within the last 12 months: such as name, address, IP address, and other similar identifiers such as a name, address, telephone number, credit card number personal data under the Customer Records provision of the California Civil Code such as products or services purchased commercial data such as fingerprints or facial or retina scans biometric data such as browsing history and search history internet/electronic activity including geographic coordinates/physical location or other similar data audio, video, electronic such as job history and performance evaluations professional or employment related data Education data to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological traits, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence abilities and aptitudes. inferences drawn from the foregoing What Personal Data did we disclose for a business purpose? We may have disclosed the categories of personal data listed above for one or more business purposes permitted by the CCPA during the last 12 months. What Personal Data did we sell? As a data-driven business-to-business demand generation marketing and technology company, we provide services to help our customers understand and expand their audiences such as email marketing, lead generation and advertising. As part of those services, we collect certain personal data that is then sold as part of our broader service offerings. In almost all cases, only a name, email address, work title and location and a phone number will be sold. When we collect personal data intended for sale, we provide you with a mechanism to affirmatively consent at the time of collection. You can later withdraw that consent, and otherwise instruct us not to sell, or further sell your data at any time by visiting our opt-out/do not sell portal found What sources did we obtain Personal Data from and for what other reasons did we collect it? Please re-review of this privacy statement to understand the scope of purposes and the sources from which we collect it. Similarly, we urge you to re-read of this statement where we describe the categories of third parties with which we may share your personal data and why. Rights to Know and Access California residents have the following rights under the CCPA. If you exercise these rights, we will not discriminate against you by treating you differently from other California residents who use our sites and mobile resources or purchase our services but did not exercise their rights. You have the right to request that we disclose to you, specifically beyond the general statement immediately above, the categories and specific elements of personal data collected including the source of the data, our use of it and, if the data was disclosed or sold to third parties, the categories so disclosed or sold as well as the categories of third party who received or purchased it. Know – You have the right to receive a copy of the categories and specific elements of personal data we collected about you in the preceding 12 months. Access – You have the right to request the correction of inaccurate information collected. Correct – You the right to request the deletion of personal data We collected about you held by Us, Our service providers, contractors or any other third party We have disclosed your personal data to under certain circumstances. Delete – You have the right to opt out of any sale or sharing of personal data (as defined in the CCPA) if such sale or sharing occurs. Opt Out – You have the right to request the transfer of specific pieces of information We have collected about you to another entity. Transfer – The right to limit the disclosure of sensitive personal data in specific instances as set forth in the CCPA. Sensitive Information – We support Global Privacy Control “(GPC”). The GPC signal communicates an Opt-Out/Do Not Sell request from a global privacy control, as per CCPA-REGULATIONS §999.315 if enabled for that browser or device, or, the data subject if they can be identified. If you opt-out using the GPC functionality available in some browsers while you are logged in to one of our sites or portals, we will use that signal to opt you out of all online and offline marketing and sharing. If your browser functionality supports GPC but you are not logged into one of our sites or portals we will use that signal to opt you out of online tracking only. If your browser does not support GPC you can click on the Do Not Sell link at the bottom of our site to activate our cookie manager where you can select your opt out choices for browser activity. If you email or write to us with an opt out request, we will use that request to opt you out of all offline based marketing and sharing and any online based marketing and sharing when you are logged into your account in one of our sites or portals. In addition to the rights described above, you, or an authorized agent acting on your behalf, can exercise the Right to Know up to two different times every 12 months. To exercise these rights, you or your agent must contact us via any of the four means listed . We may ask you to fill out a request form. The CCPA only allows us to act on your request if we can verify your identity and/or your agent’s authority to make the request, so you will also need to follow our instructions for identity verification. If you make a verifiable request per the above, we will confirm our receipt and respond in the time frames prescribed by the CCPA. Your Rights and Our Obligations Under Nevada Privacy Law If you are Nevada resident, Nevada law (SB 220), entitles you to opt out of the sale of certain kinds of personal data. A sale under Nevada law is the transfer of this personal data to third parties for monetary consideration. If you are a Nevada resident and wish to opt-out, you may do so by contacting us at any of the 4 methods or click on the Opt-Out link at the bottom of our site Your Rights and Our Obligations under the GDPR When we collect personal data from individuals located in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (the ), those individuals have rights under the GDPR. This section of our statement is used to fulfill our GDPR obligations and explain your GDPR rights. For purposes of this section, the words and mean only such individuals located in the GDPR Jurisdictions. "GDPR Jurisdictions" Our Collection, Use, and Sharing Practices Please review to understand the scope of purposes and the sources from which we collect personal data. Similarly, you can find data about the categories of third parties with which we may share your personal data and why we share it in . We do not use your personal data for automated decision-making. We do, however, collect certain personal data for the purpose of selling it as described . We also purchase certain personal data from third parties. If we are reasonably aware that such third parties have not provided you with appropriate notice of collection as required under GDPR Article 13, we will provide you the required alternate notice under Article 14 when we first contact you using such data. We typically provide that Article 14 notice in the body of the communication used to contact you. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data Our legal basis for collecting and using your personal data will depend on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal data where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms, such as to contact you about products and services you may be interested in. In certain circumstances where our legal basis of processing is for performance of a contract with you, please be aware that, in those circumstances, where you do not provide personal data, which is required by us, we will not be able to provide the products and services under our contract with you or may not be able to comply with a legal obligation on us. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you or may otherwise need the personal data to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we happen to obtain your consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw your consent at any time via any of the means listed . Exercising Your Rights You may exercise the rights available to you under the GDPR, including the to the processing of your personal data, as follows: the right to obtain a confirmation that your personal data is being processed, access to your personal data (if we are in fact processing it), other data about the processing of your personal data (most of which is set forth in this statement) and a copy of the personal data we are processing. the right to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate, and depending on the purposes of processing, you may also have incomplete personal data completed. Rectification – also known as the "right to be forgotten", the right to request your personal data be deleted under certain circumstances such as if it is no longer needed for the original purpose it was collected for or if you withdrew your consent. The right of erasure does not apply under limited circumstances including if the processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and data or our compliance with a legal obligation. Erasure – the right to restrict processing of your personal data under certain circumstances such as if you contest the accuracy of the personal data (and only for so long as it takes to verify that accuracy), the processing is unlawful and you have requested restricting the processing rather than erasure, or if we no longer need the personal data but you need it to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim. Restrict processing – the right to receive the personal data you provided to us (and not any other data) under limited circumstances such as if the basis for processing the personal data was consent or necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or the processing is carried out by automated means. Portability – the right to not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling. Automated Processing – the right to object to the processing of your personal data under the following circumstances: Object to processing – – if the basis for which the processing occurs is in our legitimate interests or in the performance of a task carried out in the public interest. If you object, we will stop processing your personal data unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms or we require the personal data to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim. Legitimate Interests – if the processing is for direct marketing purposes. Direct Marketing You can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact data listed however, we may need to request additional data from you to verify your identity before granting your request. We will respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise such rights in accordance with the GDPR. We have the ability to charge a reasonable fee for administrative costs of providing the personal data to you in situations where the request is unfounded or excessive (due to its repeated nature), or in the alternative, we may refuse to act on the request in those situations Lodging a Complaint You have the right to complain to your data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal data. Please contact your local data protection authority for more data. Contact data for data protection authorities can be found and . Retaining Your Personal data We will store and retain your personal data in accordance with applicable law and as long as necessary to carry out the purposes described in this Section in accordance with our internal data retention procedures. The criteria used to determine the retention periods include: how long the personal data is needed in connection with the applicable purposes for which we use it; the type of personal data collected whether we are subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the personal data (e.g., mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve personal data relevant to an investigation, or personal data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation or disputes). Cross-Border Data Transfer By submitting personal data to us, we will, receive it in the United States where our technical infrastructure resides. We undertake such collection solely for the purposes described previously in this statement but note that such direct collection does not constitute a “transfer” under the GDPR. In certain instances, we collect personal data from data subjects located within the GDPR Jurisdictions, and do then transfer it to the U.S., to international organizations, and/or to third countries for the same purposes discussed above. When doing so, may use the mechanisms prescribed for lawful transfers in GDPR Articles 44 through 49, including, where appropriate, then-current standard contractual clauses or similar mechanism appropriate to the particular GDPR Jurisdiction involved. you can request further details in relation to international transfers, including a copy of the standard contractual clauses, by contacting us . CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT We reserve the right to change or update this statement from time to time. Please check our online and mobile resources periodically for such changes since all data collected is subject to the statement in place at the time of collection. Typically, we will indicate the effective/amendment date at the beginning of this statement. If we feel it is appropriate, or if the law requires, we will also provide a summary of changes we have made near the end of the new statement. HOW TO CONTACT OUR PRIVACY OFFICE If you have any questions about our privacy and data security policies, procedures, and practices, including anything we say in this privacy statement, we encourage you to contact our Privacy Office. Slashdot Media, LLC Address: PO Box 12190 San Diego, CA 92122 Attn: Privacy Compliance Phone: 1-800-552-9000 Slashdot Media Privacy Portal: Email: [email protected] Index you have given us your consent (where required under applicable law) to use your data for marketing. Where we rely on your consent, you have the right to withdraw this consent by contacting us using the information above or unsubscribing via the opt-out functionality provided in our marketing communications to you COMPANY