The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service is only available to users over a certain age. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. You maintain ownership of your data. Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts.. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future . This service can license user content to third parties. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes..  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service