 Artists Categories Materials Featured Artist Blott Kerr Wilson PAGE HEADER PAGE BUILDER Terms & Conditions PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE What’s in these terms? These terms tell you the rules for using our website https://guilded.co.uk/ (our site). Who we are and how to contact us https://guilded.co.uk/ is a site operated by Guilded Ltd (“We”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 07413583 and have our registered office at 4 Cedar Park, Cobham Road Ferndown Industrial Estate, Wimborne, Dorset, BH21 7SF and trading office and correspondence address: Corner Brook, Iwerne Minster, Blandford Forum, Dorset DT11 8LN. Our VAT number is 131811939 and we are a limited company. To contact us, please email or telephone +44 (0) 7799 566266. By using our site you accept these terms By using our site, you confirm that you accept these terms of use and that you agree to comply with them. If you do not agree to these terms, you must not use our site. We recommend that you print a copy of these terms for future reference. There are other terms that may apply to you These terms of use refer to our , which also apply to your use of our site We may make changes to these terms We amend these terms from time to time. Every time you wish to use our site, please check these terms to ensure you understand the terms that apply at that time. . We may make changes to our site We may update and change our site from time to time. We may suspend or withdraw our site Our site is made available free of charge. We do not guarantee that our site, or any content on it, will always be available or be uninterrupted. We may suspend or withdraw or restrict the availability of all or any part of our site for business and operational reasons. We will try to give you reasonable notice of any suspension or withdrawal. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access our site through your internet connection are aware of these terms of use and other applicable terms and conditions, and that they comply with them. We may transfer this agreement to someone else We may transfer our rights and obligations under these terms to another organisation. We will always tell you in writing if this happens and we will ensure that the transfer will not affect your rights under the contract. You must keep your account details safe If in any future development of the site you choose, or you are provided with, a user identification code, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party. We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use. If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us by email to the . How you may use material on our site We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You may print off one copy, and may download extracts, of any page(s) from our site for your personal use and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to content posted on our site. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors of content on our site must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors. If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. Do not rely on information on this site The content on our site is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our site. Although we make reasonable efforts to update the information on our site, we make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that the content on our site is accurate, complete or up to date. We are not responsible for websites we link to Where our site contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors and for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation. Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any products to you or purchase of products from you, which will be set out in our terms and conditions of supply. Please note that we only provide our site for domestic and private use. You agree not to use our site for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. If defective digital content that we have supplied, damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill, we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. How we may use your personal information We will only use your personal information as set out in our . We are not responsible for viruses and you must not introduce them We do not guarantee that our site will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our site. You should use your own virus protection software. You must not misuse our site by knowingly introducing viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful. You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to our site, the server on which our site is stored or any server, computer or database connected to our site. You must not attack our site via a denial-of-service attack or a distributed denial- of service attack. By breaching this provision, you would commit a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. We will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and we will co-operate with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. In the event of such a breach, your right to use our site will cease immediately. Rules about linking to our site You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our site in any website that is not owned by you. Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the following content standards. Content must: Be accurate (where it states facts). Be genuinely held (where it states opinions). Comply with the law applicable in England and Wales and in any country from which it is posted. A Contribution must not: Be defamatory of any person. Be obscene, offensive, hateful or inflammatory. Bully, insult, intimidate or humiliate. Promote sexually explicit material. Include child sexual abuse material. Promote violence. Promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age. Infringe any copyright, database right or trade mark of any other person. Be likely to deceive any person. Breach any legal duty owed to a third party, such as a contractual duty or a duty of confidence. Promote any illegal content or activity. Be in contempt of court. Be threatening, abuse or invade another’s privacy, or cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety. Be likely to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person. Impersonate any person or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person. Give the impression that the Contribution emanates from [NAME OF COMPANY], if this is not the case. Advocate, promote, incite any party to commit, or assist any unlawful or criminal act such as (by way of example only) copyright infringement or computer misuse. Contain a statement which you know or believe, or have reasonable grounds for believing, that members of the public to whom the statement is, or is to be, published are likely to understand as a direct or indirect encouragement or other inducement to the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. Contain any advertising or promote any services or web links to other sites. If you wish to link to or make any use of content on our site other than that set out above, please contact . Which country’s laws apply to any disputes? These terms of use, their subject matter and their formation, are governed by English law. You and we both agree that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction except that if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. Our trade marks are unregistered Our trade marks (including the name Guilded and our logo) are not registered trademarks, however you are not permitted to use them without our approval, unless they are part of material you are using as permitted under How you may use material on our site. Information about cookies Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. We use the following cookies: These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. Strictly necessary cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Analytical or performance cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region). Functionality cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. [We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose]. Targeting cookies. You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below: [Please note that the following third parties may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These named third parties may include, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services. These third party cookies are likely to be analytical cookies or performance cookies or targeting cookies: tk_ai Gathers information for WordPress by themselves, first party analytics tool about how WP services are used. A collection of internal metrics for user activity, used to improve user experience. Cookie Name Purpose We do not share the information collected by the cookies with any third parties. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website. Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after a period.