The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. You maintain ownership of your data. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. You have the right to leave this service at any time. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $100. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts.. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA). This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes.. This service is only available to users over a certain age. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk