 Adobe Privacy Policy Last updated: November 14, 2023 If you are a resident of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Inc. (Adobe U.S.) and the laws of California and the United States apply. If you reside outside of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited (Adobe Ireland), which is the controller with regard to your personal information collected by Adobe, and the laws of Ireland apply. If the content or information that you store in Adobe Services and Software contains personal information of other individuals, you must be legally permitted to disclose the personal information to Adobe. Summary of Key Points ? What does this privacy policy cover? This privacy policy describes how Adobe (also referred to as "we," "us" or "our") will make use of your information in the context of: Adobe websites; web-based services such as Behance; and web-based aspects of the Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud (together referred to as "websites"); Services that display or include a reference to this policy; Adobe’s marketing, sales, and advertising practices; and The privacy practices of previously acquired companies, unless otherwise noted here. Services that display or include a reference to this policy; What information does Adobe collect about me? Adobe ID, registration, and customer support When you register to use an Adobe Service, create an Adobe ID, purchase a license to our Services and Software, or contact us for support or other offerings, Adobe collects information that identifies you. This includes: Adobe ID, registration, and customer support When you register to use an Adobe Service, create an Adobe ID, purchase a license to our Services and Software, or contact us for support or other offerings, Adobe collects information that identifies you. This includes: Identifiers and contact information, such as: Name; Email address; Telephone number; Postal or Physical Address; Country; Commercial and transaction information, such as: Payment/billing information (where an app or website is 'paid for'); Licenses purchased; Eligibility information (e.g., student or teacher identification for student and teacher editions of apps); Content of and information provided through customer support and other communications (e.g., recorded customer and technical support calls and stored content of your correspondence with us via our website, chat features, phone and video calls, emails, and other channels); Types of Services and Software of interest. Professional, education or other demographic information, such as: Date of birth; Company or school name; Title; Occupation; Job function; Expertise; Company details, such as the size, industry, and other information about the company where a user may work (when the user has provided the company name); Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as: IP address; Browser; Mobile Device ID; Browser extensions connected to your Adobe accounts. Identifiers and contact information, such as: Commercial and transaction information, such as: Professional, education or other demographic information, such as: Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as: Inferred Information To help keep our databases current and to provide you the most relevant content and experiences, we may infer or generate information based on the information we collect or combine information provided by you with information from third party sources, in accordance with applicable law. For example, the size, industry, and other information about the company you work for (where you have provided company name) will be obtained from sources including, professional networking sites and information service providers. We may also infer, generate, or collect and receive information from third parties, including partners, and from publicly accessible sources, for purposes that include to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraudulent, deceptive or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software, security or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children, or the public. Adobe Services and Software We collect information you provide to us (e.g., when you access and use our Services and Software) or permit us to collect (e.g., as part of a third-party integration). We also collect or generate information about how you access and use our Services and Software, including when you use a desktop or mobile app feature that takes you online (such as a photo syncing feature). Depending on the Services and Software you access and use, this information may be associated with your device or browser or it may be associated with your Adobe account or content. It includes: Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as: Inferred Information To help keep our databases current and to provide you the most relevant content and experiences, we may infer or generate information based on the information we collect or combine information provided by you with information from third party sources, in accordance with applicable law. For example, the size, industry, and other information about the company you work for (where you have provided company name) will be obtained from sources including, professional networking sites and information service providers. We may also infer, generate, or collect and receive information from third parties, including partners, and from publicly accessible sources, for purposes that include to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraudulent, deceptive or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software, security or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children, or the public. Adobe Services and Software We collect information you provide to us (e.g., when you access and use our Services and Software) or permit us to collect (e.g., as part of a third-party integration). We also collect or generate information about how you access and use our Services and Software, including when you use a desktop or mobile app feature that takes you online (such as a photo syncing feature). Depending on the Services and Software you access and use, this information may be associated with your device or browser or it may be associated with your Adobe account or content. It includes: Browser and device information, including browser and device type, settings, unique identifiers, version, language settings, and configuration; Webpage that led you to an Adobe website; Search terms entered into a search engine which led you to an Adobe website; Professional, Education or other demographic information, such as: Sensitive personal information, such as: The following links provide further information on: Adobe Software activation and automatic updates When you activate your Adobe Software or when you install updates to the Software, we collect analytics or other electronic network activity information, such as: your device (manufacturer, model, IP address); the Adobe Software (version, date of activation, successful and unsuccessful updates); your product serial number (e.g., where this is required before you can start using your product). Adobe emails Adobe online advertising Which ads are displayed; Which ads are clicked on; and Where the ad was displayed. Buttons, tools, and content from other companies Adobe Services and Software may include buttons, tools, or content that link to other companies’ services (for example, a Facebook "Like" button). We may collect information about your use of these features, such as content “liked” and address information in Google Maps. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view an Adobe web page or app containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. Please read that company’s privacy policy for more information. Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google’s and . Adobe social networking pages and social sign-on services You can sign into some Adobe Services and Software using a social networking account, such as a Facebook account. Where you give appropriate permissions, we will receive contact and identifier information about you from your social networking account, such as name, country, and basic demographic information. Adobe has its own pages on many social networking sites (for example, the Adobe® Photoshop® team’s Facebook page). We will collect information which you have made publicly available on your social networking account, such as name and interests in our products and services, when you interact with our social networking pages. The social networking sites may provide statistics and insights to Adobe which help us understand the types of actions that people take on our pages. Where applicable, Adobe and the social media site(s) have entered into an arrangement which determines our respective responsibilities. Adobe acting on your behalf In certain instances, Adobe is acting only on your behalf for personal information collected and processed by our services (for example, for the address book contacts shared by users when entering recipient information). In such cases, Adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate the Service requested by you, and you will be responsible for the information shared. In these instances, we will inform you through in-app notifications or other in-time communications. If you submit any information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with your use of Adobe apps or websites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this policy. How we analyze your content to deliver features requested by you Adobe offers certain features that let you edit and organize your photographs, videos, and other types of content using characteristics like face and voice (e.g., you can group similar faces, places, and image characteristics within your collection), and such characteristics may be considered biometric identifiers or biometric information under certain US laws or other applicable privacy laws. When you choose to use these features, Adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate the service requested by you. These features are off by default and, should you choose to enable them, you can always disable these features. Where we process biometric identifiers or biometric information to deliver a feature requested by you, we delete this information once you turn off the feature, unless otherwise specified in the Software or Services. Visiting our Physical Offices When you visit an Adobe office, we will collect Identifiers and Contact information such as your name, company name, and email address; and Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information including facial images and voice information such as from CCTV video or voice recordings and photos. How does Adobe use the information it collects about you, and what are the legal bases for these uses? Adobe uses the information we collect about you for the following purposes: Where we process your information based on legitimate interests, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. If legitimate interest is not an available legal basis in a particular jurisdiction, we will engage in the processing activities described above on a legal basis that is available in that particular jurisdiction. On other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the information for the purposes which we explain at that time. Where we rely on consent to process information, you can withdraw your consent to such activities at any time. For legal reasons: Responding to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation. Using or disclosing information as reasonably necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, potential deceptive or illegal activities, misuse of Services and Software, or technical issues and software piracy (e.g., to confirm that software is genuine and properly licensed), helping to protect you as well as Adobe. Where this processing and these disclosures are not strictly required by law, Adobe may rely on its legitimate interests, where available, and those of third parties described above. Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others? Disclosing to other Data Controllers Third-party data controllers may also use Adobe products and services to collect and process your personal information. If you are using an email address that is associated with a business domain (e.g., yourname@businessname.com) to access Adobe's Services and Software, or if you were invited to use the Services and Software by a business, we may provide your personal information to that business. Disclosing for Fraud Prevention, Safety and Security Purposes We will disclose personal information to companies that help us run our business to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, deception, illegal activity, misuse of Adobe Services and Software, and security or technical issues. Additionally, we will disclose personal information to companies, organizations, government authorities, or individuals outside of Adobe if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to detect, prevent, or protect against such fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software, or security or technical issues, or where it is reasonably necessary to protect from harm the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children, or the public as required or permitted by law. Disclosing to Data Processors We will also disclose your personal information to companies that help us run our business by processing personal information on behalf of Adobe for the purposes identified above. Such companies (including those that may record or store communications) include providers of customer support services, chatbots, session replay partners who provide services which recreate a web or app session showing meaningful insight into a visitor’s experience, providers of analytics technologies that record and analyze your interaction with our websites to help us improve your experience, providers of artificial intelligence technologies that record and analyze your content or communications, payment processing services, fraud monitoring and prevention, detecting and preventing deceptive or illegal activity or misuse of our Services and Software, email, social media, and other marketing platforms and service providers, and hosting services. We require these companies to protect your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy. Other Information Disclosure Adobe may also disclose your personal information: There are several places within Adobe’s Services and Software that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, participate in message boards or chats, engage with blogs, share technical information, or submit other content for others to see. Sometimes you can limit who can see what you share, but there are some places where what you share can be seen by the general public or other users of the service. Such information can appear in search engine results or through other publicly available platforms and can be “crawled” or searched by third parties. For example, when users post content on message boards, online chats, blogs, and Community Forums, the information posted by the user will become public. Some online content may remain accessible publicly even after Adobe fulfils a request to delete the poster’s personal information. Is my personal information secure? We work hard to protect your personal information. We employ administrative, technical, and physical security controls where appropriate, such as encryption, 2-step verification, and appropriate contractual confidentiality obligations for employees and contractors. We work hard to protect your personal information. We employ administrative, technical, and physical security controls where appropriate, such as encryption, 2-step verification, and appropriate contractual confidentiality obligations for employees and contractors. Where does Adobe store my personal information? Your personal information and files are stored on Adobe’s servers and the servers of companies we engage to provide services to us. Your personal information and files are stored on Adobe’s servers and the servers of companies we engage to provide services to us. The main locations where we process your personal information are the US and India, but we also transfer personal information to all other countries in which Adobe or its affiliates, providers, and partners operate. We carry out these transfers in compliance with applicable laws – for example, by putting data transfer agreements in place to help protect your personal information. As set out above Adobe uses a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in providing our services to our users and business customers. These third parties may access, process, or store personal data in the course of providing their services. Adobe maintains contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data in compliance with our Data Privacy Framework obligations, including the onward transfer provisions, and Adobe remains liable if they fail to meet those obligations and Adobe is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage). The information above applies to Adobe users who are consumers. More information is available for our business customers that want to learn more about When provided for by applicable law, you have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal information; and to obtain the personal information you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this information to another controller. You may be entitled to additional rights based on applicable data privacy laws in your jurisdiction. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information in some circumstances (such as where we are using the information for direct marketing). To exercise any of these rights (including deactivating your Adobe ID account), you can get in touch with us – or our data protection officer – using the details set out below. Additionally, many of our Services and Software allow you to edit your personal information by accessing the " ," "my profile," or a similar feature of the service you are using. Likewise, you can delete files or photos you have stored in our Services and Software by logging in and using the deletion functions that are available. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to report them to your local privacy regulator or data protection authority and, where applicable, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with Adobe Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission. When you are asked to provide personal information, you may decline. And you may use web browser or operating system controls to prevent certain types of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary for certain services or features, those services or features may not be available or fully functional. For example, to register with Adobe, to create an Adobe ID, and to use some Adobe Services and Software, the provision of some information is mandatory: if relevant information is not provided, then we will not be able to administer an Adobe account to you, or provide you with the Services and Software requested. Other optional information, if not provided, may impact our ability to provide a personalized experience or tailored content or offerings. What rights do I have in my state? Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing Where we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your information for other purposes, such as those set out above. In some cases, we are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on our legitimate interests. You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time by: updating your preferences in your Adobe ID profile; updating your preferences in your specific website or app accounts; clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails; or contacting us using the details provided at the end of this privacy policy. How long does Adobe retain my information? When you register for an account and create an Adobe ID, we process and keep most personal information we process on your behalf for as long as you are an active user of our Services and Software. We delete certain personal information we collect about you when we no longer have a business reason to retain it. Additionally, there is some personal information we need to retain even after you close your account to comply with business and legal requirements, such as personal information related to our contract and business transactions with you, which we retain for ten years after your last interaction with us. Where we process personal information for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the information until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a permanent record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your information so that we can respect your request in the future. When you register for an account and create an Adobe ID, we process and keep most personal information we process on your behalf for as long as you are an active user of our Services and Software. We delete certain personal information we collect about you when we no longer have a business reason to retain it. Additionally, there is some personal information we need to retain even after you close your account to comply with business and legal requirements, such as personal information related to our contract and business transactions with you, which we retain for ten years after your last interaction with us. Where we process personal information for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the information until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a permanent record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your information so that we can respect your request in the future. Adobe Services and Software are not intended for minors under the age of 13, except in limited situations where certain Creative and Document Cloud applications may be available to children for educational purposes under the direct supervision of a teacher or parent. All other Adobe Services and Software are not intended for use by children and certain Services and Software specifically prohibit users who are under a certain age. If you do not meet applicable age requirements, please do not use those Services and Software. Language Navigation Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific