viagogo Search  LAST UPDATED: July 4, 2023 About us “we” “us” “Websites” “Apps” “Social Media Pages” Collectively, we refer to the Websites, Apps, Social Media Pages, emails, and offline business interactions as the “Services.” “Services.” The data controller of your personal information is StubHub Inc. of 1209 Orange Street, Corporation Trust Center, Wilmington, DE 19801, USA and viagogo AG of Rue Du Commerce 4, 1204 Geneva, Switzerland. We use your information as further explained in this Privacy Policy. We do so jointly with viagogo Entertainment Inc. of 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801, USA. If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, please see our U.S. Privacy Addendum below for more information about how we handle your personal information and how to exercise your privacy rights. What information do we collect? We may collect and process the following information about you: Information you give us. You may give us information when you register with our Services or by communicating with us by phone, email, social media or otherwise. This includes information you provide when you create a customer account, use our services, provide us with identification information required to verify your identity or in connection with the issue of your tickets, provide us with feedback, participate in surveys, when you report a problem with our Services, in the context of promotions (including prize draws), when you participate in a community board discussion chat, or when you otherwise correspond with us. Information you give us. Information we collect about you based on your use of our Services, including: Contract data. This is general information that is collected from our contractual partners (if they are natural persons) or our contractual partners' employees and other contact persons. This includes information about the type of contract, date of conclusion of the contract, duration of the contract, contractual services, data that was collected during the period leading up to the conclusion of the contract, information required or used for processing (e.g. information regarding invoicing), financial data (e.g. about reminders and debt collection). Contract data. Physical Location. We may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content. We may also share your device’s physical location, combined with information about what advertisements you viewed and other information we collect, with our marketing partners to enable them to provide you with more personalized content and to study the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. In some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such uses and/or sharing of your device’s location, but if you do, we and/or our marketing partners may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content. Physical Location. Information collected from cookies. Information we receive from other sources. We work closely with third parties including, for example, our fraud prevention providers, payment service providers and email address / telephone number verification service providers. We may receive information about you from these third parties to verify information you provide to us which helps us to identify suspicious or unusual transactions. We allow you to share information with social media sites, or use social media sites to create your account or to connect your account with the respective social media site. If you connect your social media account to your Services account, you will share certain Personal Information from your social media account with us, for example, your name, email address, photo, list of social media contacts, and any other information that may be or you make accessible to us when you connect your social media account to your Services account. If you agree to provide us with access to any social media site with video content, then we may reshare or otherwise engage with your posts and interactions on third-party social media sites for at least two years or until you withdraw authorization or connection to the social media site, to the extent permitted by law. We may also use plug-ins or other technologies from various social media sites. If you click on a link provided via a social media plug in, you are voluntarily establishing a connection with that respective social media site. You are generally not obliged to disclose data to us except in certain cases, for example because of legal obligations. We need to collect Personal Information in order to provide the requested Services to you. If you do not provide the information requested, we may not be able to provide the Services. If you disclose any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Information we receive from other sources. You are generally not obliged to disclose data to us except in certain cases, for example because of legal obligations. We need to collect Personal Information in order to provide the requested Services to you. If you do not provide the information requested, we may not be able to provide the Services. If you disclose any Personal Information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the Services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. How do we use your information? We and our service providers use personal information for the following purposes: Providing the functionality of the Services and fulfilling your requests. We will engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or to comply with a legal obligation. Communicating with you, providing you with our newsletter and/or other marketing materials, and facilitating social sharing. We will engage in this activity with your consent or where we have a legitimate interest. Initiation, administration and execution of contracts with suppliers, subcontractors or other contractual partners We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationships, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or based on our legitimate interest. Analyzing personal information for business reporting and providing personalized services. We will provide personalized services based on our legitimate interests, and with your consent to the extent required by applicable law. Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions. We use this information to manage our contractual relationship with you. Aggregating and/or anonymizing personal information. Accomplishing our business purposes. We engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or based on our legitimate interest. We also use technology to help validate your transactions and keep our service safe We employ technology to analyse transactions you enter into against the information we collect from you or from third parties about you, such as from where you ordinarily use our service, at what times, and other characteristics specific to how you use our services. The technology is aimed to help us identify unusual or suspicious transactions in order to detect and prevent fraud. This means that an attempted transaction may be marked as suspicious, unusual or otherwise out of the ordinary, as a result of which your transaction may be declined. Where you are encountering that your validly executed transaction is declined, you can always contact customer service who will help you validate your current and futures transactions. Third Party Advertising We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Services and other websites or online services. You may receive advertisements based on information relating to your access to and use of the Services and other websites or online services on any of your devices, as well as on information received from third parties. These companies place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags). For more information about this practice, and to learn how to opt out of it in desktop and mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/. Third Party Advertising We use third-party advertising companies to serve advertisements regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you when you access and use the Services and other websites or online services. You may receive advertisements based on information relating to your access to and use of the Services and other websites or online services on any of your devices, as well as on information received from third parties. These companies place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser (including through the use of pixel tags). For more information about this practice, and to learn how to opt out of it in desktop and mobile browsers on the particular device on which you are accessing this Privacy Policy, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/. Who do we share your information with? We share your information with the following third parties: Our affiliates (including our subsidiaries), for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Other users and ticket sellers in order to enable them to verify your identity and/or provide you with tickets you have bought through our Services (e.g. for the purposes of posting your tickets to you). Buyers may see information about the seller in certain cases, e.g. where included as a return address on the ticket shipment. Our business partners, financial institutions, and credit agencies, consistent with applicable law. Partner teams, venues, artists, leagues or other third parties involved in the event for which you sell or buy a ticket. Our third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us, such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfilment, return authorization, fraud prevention, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service or related benefits (including special promotions), email delivery, auditing, and other services. Third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions. By using the Services, you may elect to disclose your personal information. When you connect your Services account to your social media account, you will share information with your friends associated with your social media account, with other users, and with your social media account provider. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy. Who do we share your information with? We share your information with the following third parties: Our affiliates (including our subsidiaries), for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Other users and ticket sellers in order to enable them to verify your identity and/or provide you with tickets you have bought through our Services (e.g. for the purposes of posting your tickets to you). Buyers may see information about the seller in certain cases, e.g. where included as a return address on the ticket shipment. Our business partners, financial institutions, and credit agencies, consistent with applicable law. Partner teams, venues, artists, leagues or other third parties involved in the event for which you sell or buy a ticket. Our third party service providers, to facilitate services they provide to us, such as website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfilment, return authorization, fraud prevention, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service or related benefits (including special promotions), email delivery, auditing, and other services. Third party sponsors of sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions. By using the Services, you may elect to disclose your personal information. When you connect your Services account to your social media account, you will share information with your friends associated with your social media account, with other users, and with your social media account provider. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy. We share your information with the following third parties: By using the Services, you may elect to disclose your personal information. When you connect your Services account to your social media account, you will share information with your friends associated with your social media account, with other users, and with your social media account provider. By doing so, you authorize us to facilitate this sharing of information, and you understand that the use of shared information will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy. Other uses and disclosures of information We also use and disclose your personal information as necessary or appropriate, in particular when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so: To comply with applicable law and regulations. This may include laws outside your country of residence. To cooperate with public and government authorities. To respond to a request or to provide information we believe is necessary or appropriate. These can include authorities outside your country of residence. To cooperate with law enforcement. For example, when we respond to law enforcement requests and orders or provide information we believe is important. For other legal reasons. To enforce our terms and conditions; and To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others. In connection with a sale or business transaction. We have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your personal information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). Other uses and disclosures of information We also use and disclose your personal information as necessary or appropriate, in particular when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so: To comply with applicable law and regulations. This may include laws outside your country of residence. To cooperate with public and government authorities. To respond to a request or to provide information we believe is necessary or appropriate. These can include authorities outside your country of residence. To cooperate with law enforcement. For example, when we respond to law enforcement requests and orders or provide information we believe is important. For other legal reasons. To enforce our terms and conditions; and To protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others. In connection with a sale or business transaction. We have a legitimate interest in disclosing or transferring your personal information to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). We also use and disclose your personal information as necessary or appropriate, in particular when we have a legal obligation or legitimate interest to do so: How do we transfer your information? Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Services you understand that your information will be transferred to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal information. “EEA” How long do we keep your information? We retain personal information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services); Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations). How long do we keep your information? We retain personal information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services); Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them); or Whether retention is advisable in light of our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations). We retain personal information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: Sensitive information Unless we request it, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background, or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise to us. Sensitive information Unless we request it, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background, or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise to us. Security We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below. Security We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below. Third Party Payment Service The Services may provide functionality allowing you to make payments to us using third-party payment services with which you have created your own account. When you use such a service to make a payment to us, your personal information will be collected by such third party and not by us, and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. Third Party Payment Service The Services may provide functionality allowing you to make payments to us using third-party payment services with which you have created your own account. When you use such a service to make a payment to us, your personal information will be collected by such third party and not by us, and will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, rather than this Privacy Policy. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, this third party’s collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information. Third Party Services This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including with respect to any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media Pages. Third Party Services This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including with respect to any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media Pages. This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information, or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any website or service to which the Services link. The inclusion of a link on the Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or by our affiliates. In addition, we are not responsible for the information collection, use, disclosure, or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM, or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including with respect to any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Apps or our Social Media Pages. Use of services by minors The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 16. Use of services by minors The Services are not directed to individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 16. Your privacy rights and choices Applicable data protection laws grant you the right to object to the processing of your data in some circumstances, in particular for direct marketing purposes, for profiling carried out for direct marketing purposes and for other legitimate interests in processing. If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out by selecting the ‘unsubscribe’ option in the marketing communications we send or at any time by changing your account preferences. Please note that if you opt out of receiving marketing-related emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt out. If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, please see our U.S. Privacy Addendum below for more information about how to exercise your privacy rights. In your request, please make clear what personal information you would like to have changed or whether you would like to have your personal information suppressed from our database. For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the personal information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion). If you would like to update personal information that you have provided to us, you may do so by updating your registered account with us. Updates to this privacy policy The “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. Updates to this privacy policy The “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this Privacy Policy indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Services. Contacting Us Additional information regarding the EEA If you are based in the EEA and not satisfied with our response to your complaint or believe our processing of your information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner at Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois R32 AP23, Ireland. Tel: +353 (0761) 104 800 or on its website at www.dataprotection.ie. Additional information regarding the EEA If you are based in the EEA and not satisfied with our response to your complaint or believe our processing of your information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner at Canal House, Station Road, Portarlington, Co. Laois R32 AP23, Ireland. Tel: +353 (0761) 104 800 or on its website at www.dataprotection.ie. U.S. PRIVACY ADDENDUM FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, UTAH, AND VIRGINIA This U.S. Privacy Addendum supplements the above Privacy Notice and provides additional details regarding the categories of Personal Information that we collect, use, and disclose about residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia. This U.S. Privacy Addendum does not apply to our job applicants, employees, contractors, owners, directors, or officers where the Personal Information we collect about those individuals relates to their current, former, or potential role with us. No Sale of Personal Information We do not sell Personal Information, including sensitive personal information, in the preceding 12 months. Without limiting the forgoing, we do not sell or knowingly “share” for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising Personal Information, including sensitive personal information, of minors under age 16. Collection, Disclosure, and Sharing of Personal Information The following chart details which categories of Personal Information we plan to collect, as well as the categories of Personal Information we have collected and disclosed for our operational business purposes in the preceding 12 months. The chart also details the categories of personal information that we “share” for purposes of cross-context behavioral or targeted advertising, including in the preceding 12 months. We collect this Personal Information from you and your devices, as well as from our corporate affiliates, publicly available databases, other StubHub customers, credit agencies (as allowed by applicable laws), and social media sites. (see section above titled “How do we use your information?” for a detailed description of each Processing Purpose) Purposes for the Collection, Use, Disclosure or Sharing of Personal Information We collect, use, disclose, or share Personal Information to operate, manage, and maintain our business, to provide our products and services, and to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including, for example, to: develop, improve, repair, and maintain our products and services; personalize, advertise, and market our products and services; conduct research, analytics, and data analysis; maintain our facilities and infrastructure; undertake quality and safety assurance measures; conduct risk and security control and monitoring; detect and prevent fraud; perform identity verification; perform accounting, audit, and other internal functions, such as internal investigations; comply with law, legal process, and internal policies; maintain records; and exercise and defend legal claims. See the chart above for further detail. Rights and Requests Subject to applicable law, you may make the following requests: We will verify and respond to your request consistent with applicable law, taking into account the type and sensitivity of the Personal Information subject to the request. We may need to request additional Personal Information from you, such as email address, state of residency, or mailing address, in order to verify your identity and protect against fraudulent requests. If you maintain a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account and require you to re-authenticate yourself before disclosing or deleting your Personal Information. If you make a Request to Delete, we may ask you to confirm your request before we delete your Personal Information. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your privacy rights. You have the right to be informed, at or before the point of collection, of the categories of personal information to be collected from you and the purposes for which that personal information will be used. Appeal Process Authorized Agents If an agent would like to make a request on your behalf as permitted under applicable law, the agent may use the submission methods noted in the section entitled “Rights and Requests.” As part of our verification process, we may request that the agent provide, as applicable, proof concerning his or heryour status as an authorized agent. In addition, we may require that you verify your identity as described in the section entitled “Rights and Requests” or confirm with us that youthe resident provided the agent permission to submit the request. De-Identified Information Where we maintain or use de-identified information, we will continue to maintain and use the de-identified information only in a de-identified fashion and will not attempt to re-identify the information. Regional Settings Country: United States Language: English (US) Currency: £ British Pound Sterling Regional Settings Country: United States Language: English (US) Currency: £ British Pound Sterling United States English (US) £ British Pound Sterling More Stay Up to Date facebook twitter google Popular Events - : web04 : - £ Log In New Customers or Existing Customers