Skip to main content Your web browser is not fully supported by BBC Children in Need, so parts of the website may not function correctly. If you click ‘Accept All’ all these types of cookies will be switched on. Click ‘No, change my settings’ to choose which types of cookies to keep off. Accept all No, change my settings Open menu Search BBC Children in Need Search Search BBC Children in Need  Search Donate Privacy Policy We collect personal information about you when you interact with us. Our Privacy Policy explains how we use it. We collect personal information about you when you interact with us. Our Privacy Policy explains how we use it. We will use your information for a number of purposes, including the following: We also use cookies on our websites and tracking technologies in our e-mails which we use to remember your preferences and measure the effectiveness of our campaigns. We will never sell your personal information or share it with other parties for their own marketing purposes. However, we can’t run our charity or fundraise without involving other people. We may share your information with: There may also be times when we need to share your information in order to comply with the law or investigate any allegation of wrongdoing which may involve your information being shared with the police, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies. If there are issues which require advice from our lawyers, accountants and other professionals, we may share some of your personal information with them, but only when it is absolutely necessary for them to advise us. We will always seek to store your personal information in the UK. However, on some occasions, the information we collect may be transferred to suppliers who may store and use such data at premises in other countries. This means your personal data may be subject to disclosure as required by such countries (for example, your personal data may be subject to disclosure to the USA government as required by USA law and will be subject to the redress mechanisms in the USA). Last updated: April 2021. Our full privacy policy Download Previous Version Get in touch if you have any questions or queries Contact us Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow us on Instagram addbankCN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background calendarCN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background CN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background CN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background chevron-down chevron-lchevron-rchevron-upcommentcross>CN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background detect-locationdocumentdownloadCN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background emailembedexportfavouritefilterhelphomeinfoiphone iplayer liveCN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background more-horizontalmore-verticalphonepingitpostCN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background quote-end quote-open searchsettingsshareshowcase-threads social-facebook social-instagram social-linkedin CN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background social-pinterest social-twitter social-youtube sounds CN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background CN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background ticktimeCN0891 Icons for Resources - No Background puzzle-shelfAsset 1