 SAME DAY SHIPPING FREE US SHIPPING $79+ MADE IN THE USA #masthead #content #colophon #site-navigation Menu 0.00 $ 0 items / .col-full #primary #main .entry-header .entry-content Privacy Policy TL;DR We respect your privacy and do our utmost to make sure that your personal information remains private. We have never, and will never sell or intentionally make public, any personal information gathered on this site. Policy Overview This Policy describes the information we collect and use when you visit or make a purchase from our site. It also covers how that information is used, and your options regarding what happens with the information that you provide us. Personal Information If you make a transaction on our site, there’s some personal information that’s required to fulfill your order. This includes your name, email, phone number, billing/shipping address, and payment information. We use this order information to process your payment, arrange for shipping, and provide you with confirmation and shipping details. We use Stripe and PayPal for payment processing, who may alternatively collect and store payment transaction data on their own servers. Cookies We use cookies (a small piece of data transferred to your device) to remember information such as items added to the shopping cart. They are also used for record keeping. You may deactivate or restrict the sending of cookies in your web browser settings. Cookies that are already stored may be deleted at any time. Tracking We use anonymized data to improve our site. We will store the page from which you visited us from, the parts of our site you visit, the date and duration of your visit, and information about the device that was used during your visit. We do not allow third party tracker networks to record your activity on this site. Opt-out of website tracking Email If you subscribe to our email list using a newsletter form, or opt-in during the checkout step, you can expect to receive news or promotional email communications. If you no longer wish to be included, you can click the unsubscribe link in any of the email messages, or contact us . Retention of data The information covered here is retained on a secure server for use by us as reference. None of the personal information obtained by us will ever be sold, intentionally made public, or used in any way other than what’s listed. You can contact us in regards to the personal information we may hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you wish to do this, please contact us . November 20, 2020 Last updated: Orders placed before 12PMEST are shipped same day. Same Day Shipping Did your plans change?Return for a full refund. Money Back Guarantee We’re proud to make all ourproducts in house by hand. Hand Made in the USA Spend $79+ forfree US shipping. Free Shipping