Create a website Explore our solutions for easily creating your website Create a showcase website Promote your business online and make improve your reachability with a showcase website Open an e-commerce shop Sell products online with the help of our e-commerce solutions Create a blog Share your passion or expertise: create a blog to gain credibility Domain names Choose your domain name from a catalog of more than 800 domain extensions Custom email addresses Assert your online identity with custom, secure email addresses. TLS/SSL Certificates Secure transactions on your website with a TLS/SSL certificate, free for the first year with your domain name Web hosting Opt for a simple, secure, scalable web hosting solution to support all your projects Hosting for WordPress Create a website in just a few minutes with hosting for WordPress Hosting for Prestashop Easily launch an e-commerce site with hosting for Prestashop Hosting for Nextcloud Deploy a shared data storage and collaborative work solution with Nextcloud hosting GandiCloud VPS Install your applications on a 100% open, VPS cloud server based on OpenStack GandiCloud block storage Create and attach additional volumes to a server. Reliable and scalable storage for your cloud servers Advanced small/medium business services Explore our advanced features for small- and medium-sized businesses Large account services Benefit from the expertise of Gandi Corporate Services to protect your brands online Gandi reseller program Become a reseller and accelerate your growth with Gandi's services Small- and medium-sized business solutions Accelerate the digital transformation of your small- or medium-sized business with a managed web presence Latest update Gandi is attentive to the respect of your privacy and the protection of your personal data. In to be transparent with its customers, Gandi has adopted a "Privacy Policy" concerning the personal data collected or processed by Gandi on its various websites (hereinafter referred to as the "Websites"). Gandi has updated its Privacy Policy in accordance with applicable regulations, especially the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (GDPR) and the French Data Protection Act n°78-17 of 6 January 1978 as amended pertaining to data protection. 1. WHO IS THE DATA CONTROLLER? In this Privacy Policy, "Gandi" refers to the companies of Gandi group as a whole, all of these entities being subject to the same level of data protection. Gandi is the data controller as it processes your data on its own behalf. Gandi has designated the French data protection authority (CNIL) as the lead authority in terms of data protection. The contact details of the data controller are : Gandi SAS 63-65 Boulevard Masséna, 75013 Paris If you have any questions, you may contact Gandi’s Data Protection Officer, whose contact information is listed in section 7 below. This Privacy Policy only applies to cases where Gandi acts as a data controller. When Gandi is a processor of personal data, it processes the data in accordance with the instructions of the data controllers. Gandi may indeed process your data as a processor, when your data is processed by one of Gandi's client acting as a data controller. In this case, Gandi provides the data controllers with a data protection agreement in order to govern this processing. 2. WHAT DATA IS COLLECTED? As a user, when you browse the Websites and/or use the services offered on the Websites, Gandi may collect the following personal data about you: - Identification data: name, ID card and/or passport number and/or any other identification number or document, nationality, residence permit, place and date of birth, IP address and its location, user ID; - Contact data: postal and email address, telephone number; - Data related to the interactions between the customer and Gandi: cookies, hidden pixels, customer experience, payment methods used, e-mail exchanges, ; - Data relative to user accounts on social networks; - Data relative to the processing of emails and communications sent to you, such as timestamp and date. Regardless of the method of collection, Gandi undertakes to inform its users of: - The purpose of the processing carried out; - The compulsory or optional nature of the information requested and the possible consequences of a lack of response - The recipients of the data; - The existence and the methods for exercising your rights (including in particular the rights of access, rectification, and opposition to the processing of your personal data). 3. WHAT USE IS MADE OF THE DATA COLLECTED? Gandi may process your personal data, as the case may be, on the basis of a legal obligation, your consent, a contractual relationship with you, and/or for the pursuit of its legitimate interests. Gandi may thus process your personal data for one of the following purposes: - To provide the services offered online; - To communicate with you during the course of the online services and technical support; - To fight against fraud; when placing an order proof of identity may be requested in order to limit fraud. In any case, no decision is based exclusively on automatic processing. Each decision is taken by one of our agents on the basis of information provided by our fraud risk detection tool. You have the right to present your point of view and to contest the decision. - To send invitations to events, satisfaction surveys, promotional offers and newsletters; - To organize promotional events; - To carry out statistical analysis for profiling and segmentation purposes for targeted marketing, audience measurement and performance measurement; - To meet its legal or administrative obligations; - To fulfill contractual obligations arising from our relationship with the Trustee Authorities and Registries and in particular the transmission of domain name information (including personal data associated with the various contacts of the and any additional information required by the Registry) to the Registries; In the event that your personal data is processed for other purposes, Gandi will inform you and, when required by law, will obtain your prior consent. 4. HOW IS YOUR DATA COLLECTED? Gandi is likely to collect your data via: Gandi's Websites (in particular when creating a customer account or subscribing to a service); Specialized websites for job applications (for example: Welcome to the jungle or Monster, etc.); Social networks: when you interact with Gandi on social networks, you accept that Gandi collects and processes this data for one of the purposes mentioned in article 3; Exchanges with us, whether you are a customer or a third party; Third parties, in particular in the context of the contractual relationship with our customers or resellers, or in the context of incoming transfers of domain names from other registrars; The companies of the Gandi Group. 5. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA Gandi may transfer your personal data outside the European Union, to countries that do not ensure an adequate level of protection of personal data. This is notably the case in the context of the 24-hour technical support provided by the various entities of the Gandi Group, or when a registry or a technical operator of the registry for a TLD (Top Level Domain) is established in a third country. Data transfers may also take place within the framework of the aforementioned purposes in connection with service providers (for example: recruitment, fight against fraud, statistical analyses, data aggregation, Zendesk Chat module, etc.). Gandi may also transfer your data to third parties, if this is required by legal or regulatory provisions or in the context of legitimate requests from third parties (for example: respect of intellectual property rights, etc.). These transfers are governed either by standard contractual clauses or by data protection agreements (DPA) concluded with the parties concerned, or by the provisions of Article 49, 1, b) of the GDPR. 6. PERSONAL DATA RETENTION DURATION Personal data are kept in accordance with legal and tax provisions for a period that does not exceed that which is necessary for the purposes for which data were collected and processed. For each processing and purpose, Gandi has defined a maximum retention period for the data, proportionate to the purpose and objective pursued. 7. YOUR RIGHTS You have the following rights with regards to the processing of your personal data: - to request access to your personal data ; - to obtain the rectification of inaccurate data; - in certain specific cases, obtain the deletion of some of your data; - in certain specific cases, obtain the limitation of the processing that Gandi carries out; - to object to the processing of your data on grounds relating to your particular situation or, regardless of your particular situation, to the use of your data for canvassing purposes; - to receive the data you have provided and/or to request that it be passed on to another data controller; - if you reside in France, to determine the status of your data after your passing away. You may at any time revoke your consent to the processing of your data when this has your consent as its legal basis (e.g. sending the newsletter, publishing your information in the whois of Gandi, etc.). If you have any questions about your rights or wish to exercise them, you can contact our Data Protection Officer: - By email at the following address: "dpo@gandi.net"; - Via the online form available at the following address: ; - By post to the following address Data Protection Officer 63-65 Boulevard Masséna 75013 Paris You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority. In France, the supervisory authority is the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL). CNIL’s contact information : 3 place de Fontenoy - TSA 80715 75334 Paris Cedex 07 Telephone: +33.1.53.73.22.22 Website: https://www.cnil.fr/ 8. COOKIES AND OTHER TRACERS Your browsing on Gandi's Websites may result in the use of "cookies". Cookies are files that a website or app sends to a user's device. They allow us to collect and store information relative to your actions on our Websites and mobile applications. These cookies serve several purposes, as detailed below. The maximum storage period for cookies is 13 months from the day you gave your consent to the integration of the cookie. At the end of this period, your consent will again be required. 8.1 Cookies used on the Websites Gandi uses two types of cookies: - Session or preference cookies, which are essential to the navigation and proper functioning of the Websites, - Audience measurement cookies and other tracers that can be used to establish audience statistics for our Websites, to improve the navigation on our Websites, and to offer you targeted promotional offers according to your browsing habits. These cookies are configured according to the as defined by the CNIL. Gandi's news website uses embedded Youtube videos. By default, your refusal to accept the use of a cookie is assumed and this cookie is not deposited. You can consent to the deposit of this cookie via a contextual consent request, before playing a video. If you agree, these third party cookies are deposited directly by this service. Through these cookies, this third party will also collect and use your browsing data on its own behalf to provide targeted advertising and content based on your browsing history. For more information, we encourage you to read their . .gandi.net Cookie Varnish, used to manage the site's cache Allows to manage the cache and display the site more quickly Organization selected Allows the user's default organisation to be stored Session cookie NodeJS Allows users to log in to the admin interface Session cookie Oauth2 SSO (connection via id.gandi.net to all Gandi's "connected" subdomains) *.gandi.net Anonymous cart identifier Persistence of the cart between the shop and the administration interfaces admin.gandi.net Remember if the user is using the chat Keep the chat open when in use even after navigating to another admin. Only installed if specifically authorised by the user. Remembering that the user has hidden a news item from the admin home screen Allows not to redisplay news deleted by the user Language preferences Allows the interface language to be stored for the user AT Internet cookie Visitor ID for client-side cookie websites Allows you to track the number of unique visitors (only used to get this number, not used to track user behaviour between browsing sessions) Allows the visitor privacy mode to be stored Matomo cookie Referrer info Allows to know where trafic comes from User ID Track the number of unique visitors Temporary information pertaining to current session Used to temporarily store data for the visit User ID for customer support chat Necessary to use the chat tool with customer support. Only installed if specifically authorised by the user. User ID for customer support chat. Preserves the user's privacy preferences (allows not to set cookies if the user has not accepted them specifically for the chat) helpdesk.gandi.net Help Center session Stores unique session key for Help Center Functionality. .helpdesk.gandi.net Captcha clearance management The purpose of the cookie is to ensure that Captcha or Javascript challenges are no longer issued if the challenge has already been passed. It is required in order to reach the origin server. Rate limit prevention Cloudflare cookie used in cases where multiple users are hidden behind the same client IP address. Each user will have a unique cookie to help prevent a case of rate limiting all users if one particular user hits the rate limit threshold. Preference settings Saves arbitrary preference settings. Two factor authentication features and device tracking will not work without it. Account ID storage Stores account ID, route for internal service calls and the cross-site request forgery token. Authentication flag This is a flag set when a user is authenticated to display the most up to date content. Authentication cookies Authentication cookie - set to be anonymous Concerning audience measurement cookies (Matomo and AT Internet): these are configured according to the recommendations of the CNIL so as not to require the user's consent. Nevertheless, you have the option of refusing the deposit of the AT Internet audience measurement cookies by clicking on the button below: Opt out of AT Internet analytics completely 8.2 Other information stored on the user's terminal 8.2.1 Local storage and indexed databases. Some of Gandi's Websites use the "local storage" and "Indexed DB" methods of the browser to store certain preference data that does not allow you to be identified. It is not technically possible to define an expiration date for this data, but you can delete it by deleting the data from the site in your browser. www.gandi.net Price, country, currency, taxes and price list preferences Allows the user's price options to be stored Interface display preferences (navigation pane status, domain list display type) Allows the user interface options to be stored List of ignored news shop.gandi.net Help.gandi.net Customer support chat configuration Required for using the chat tool with customer support. Only stored with specific permission from the user shop.gandi.net Persistence of an anonymous cart 8.2.2 pixel Newsletter The pixel is a tracking method integrated into the newsletter for tracking the opening of emails. It is not deposited on the user's terminal Allows to measure the opening rate of newsletters and commercial e-mails 9. SECURITY Gandi takes all the necessary precautions, as well as the appropriate technical and organizational measures, to preserve the security of your personal data and, in particular, to prevent it from being damaged or accessed by unauthorized third parties. In the event of a data breach, Gandi has adopted mitigation and recovery procedures, as well as alerting the persons concerned and the authorities (notably the CNIL) if necessary. 10. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES Gandi's Websites may contain links to third party websites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, as well as to the websites of certain registries. Gandi informs users that it has no control over the content of third-party websites or over the practices of these third parties in terms of protection of personal data that they may collect. Consequently, Gandi declines all responsibility concerning the processing of your personal data by these third parties.