Allow the use of cookies from Facebook in this browser? We use cookies and similar technologies to provide and improve content on Meta Products, provide a safer experience by using information we receive from cookies on and off Facebook, and provide and improve Meta Products for people who have an account. Learn more about essential and optional cookies. Allow all cookiesOnly allow essential cookies Allow all cookies Only allow essential cookies Unsupported browserYou're using a browser that isn't supported by Facebook, so we've redirected you to a simpler version to give you the best experience. You're using a browser that isn't supported by Facebook, so we've redirected you to a simpler version to give you the best experience. Terms of Service We don't charge you to use Facebook or the other products and services covered by these Terms, unless we state otherwise. Instead, businesses, organisations and other persons pay us to show you ads for their products and services. Our Products enable you to connect with your friends and communities and to receive personalised content and ads that we think may be relevant to you and your interests. You acknowledge that by using our Products, we will show you ads that we think may be relevant to you and your interests. We use your personal data to help determine which personalised ads to show you. Facebook ads controls Privacy Basics Cookies Policy Data Policy More resources Return to top 1. The services we provide Provide a personalised experience for you: Your experience on Facebook is unlike anyone else's: from the posts, stories, events, ads and other content that you see in Facebook News Feed or our video platform to the Facebook Pages that you follow and other features you might use, such as Facebook Marketplace and search. For example, we use data about the connections you make, the choices and settings you select, and what you share and do on and off our Products to personalise your experience. Provide a personalised experience for you: Connect you with people and organisations that you care about: We help you find and connect with people, groups, businesses, organisations and others that matter to you across the Meta Products you use. We use data to make suggestions for you and others – for example, groups to join, events to attend, Facebook Pages to follow or send a message to, shows to watch and people you may want to become friends with. Stronger ties make for better communities, and we believe that our services are most useful when people are connected to people, groups and organisations that they care about. Connect you with people and organisations that you care about: Empower you to express yourself and communicate about what matters to you: There are many ways to express yourself on Facebook to communicate with friends, family and others about what matters to you – for example, sharing status updates, photos, videos and stories across the Meta Products (consistent with your settings), sending messages or making voice or video calls to a friend or several people, creating events or groups, or adding content to your profile, as well as showing you insights on how others engage with your content. We have also developed, and continue to explore, new ways for people to use technology, such as augmented reality and 360 video to create and share more expressive and engaging content on Meta Products. Empower you to express yourself and communicate about what matters to you: Help you discover content, products and services that may interest you: We show you personalised ads, offers and other sponsored or commercial content to help you discover content, products and services that are offered by the many businesses and organisations that use Facebook and other Meta Products. Section 2 below explains this in more detail. Help you discover content, products and services that may interest you: Promote the safety, security and integrity of our services, combat harmful conduct and keep our community of users safe: Use and develop advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services for everyone: We use and develop advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence, machine learning systems and augmented reality so that people can use our Products safely regardless of physical ability or geographic location. For example, technology such as this helps people who have visual impairments understand what or who is in photos or videos shared on Facebook or Instagram. We also build sophisticated network and communication technology to help more people connect to the Internet in areas with limited access. And we develop automated systems to improve our ability to protect our community and our Products. Use and develop advanced technologies to provide safe and functional services for everyone: We use and develop advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence, machine learning systems and augmented reality so that people can use our Products safely regardless of physical ability or geographic location. For example, technology such as this helps people who have visual impairments understand what or who is in photos or videos shared on Facebook or Instagram. We also build sophisticated network and communication technology to help more people connect to the Internet in areas with limited access. And we develop automated systems to improve our ability to protect our community and our Products. Research ways to make our services better: Provide consistent and seamless experiences across the Meta Company Products: Ensuring access to our services: To operate our global services and enable you to connect with people around the world, we need to transfer, store and distribute content and data to our data centres, partners, service providers, vendors and systems around the world, including outside your country of residence. The use of this global infrastructure is necessary and essential to provide our services. This infrastructure may be owned, operated or controlled by Meta Platforms, Inc., Meta Platforms Ireland Limited or its affiliates. Ensuring access to our services: 2. How our services are funded Instead of paying to use Facebook and the other products and services we offer, by using the Meta Products covered by these Terms, you acknowledge that we can show you personalised ads and other commercial and sponsored content that business and organisations pay us to promote on and off the Meta Company Products. We use your personal data, such as information about your activity and interests, to show you personalised ads and sponsored content that may be more relevant to you. Protecting people's privacy is central to how we've designed our personalised ads system. This means that we can show you relevant and useful ads without telling advertisers who you are. We don't sell your personal data. We allow advertisers to tell us things such as their business goal, and the kind of audience that they want to see their ads (for example, people between the ages of 18-35 who like cycling). We then show their ad to people who we think might be interested. 3. Your commitments to Facebook and our community 1. Who can use Facebook 2. What you can share and do on Meta Products 3. The permissions you give us 4. Limits on using our intellectual property 4. Additional provisions 1. Updating our Terms 2. Account suspension or termination 3. Limits on liability Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or limit our liability for death, personal injury or fraudulent misrepresentation caused by our negligence, or to affect your statutory rights. We will exercise professional diligence in providing our Products and services to you and in keeping a safe, secure and error-free environment. Provided that we have acted with professional diligence, we do not accept responsibility for losses not caused by our breach of these Terms or otherwise by our acts; losses that are not reasonably foreseeable by you and us at the time of entering into these Terms; and events beyond our reasonable control. 3. Limits on liability Nothing in these Terms is intended to exclude or limit our liability for death, personal injury or fraudulent misrepresentation caused by our negligence, or to affect your statutory rights. We will exercise professional diligence in providing our Products and services to you and in keeping a safe, secure and error-free environment. Provided that we have acted with professional diligence, we do not accept responsibility for losses not caused by our breach of these Terms or otherwise by our acts; losses that are not reasonably foreseeable by you and us at the time of entering into these Terms; and events beyond our reasonable control. 4. Disputes If a claim or dispute arises out of or relates to your use of the Meta Products as a consumer, both you and us agree that you may resolve your individual claim or dispute against us, and we may resolve our claim or dispute against you, in any competent court in the country of your main residence that has jurisdiction over your claim or dispute, and the laws of that country will apply without regard to conflict of law provisions. If a claim or dispute arises between us that relates to use of the Meta Products in any other capacity, including, but not limited to, access or use of the Meta Products for a business or commercial purpose, or that an entity brings on your behalf, you agree that any such claim or dispute must be resolved exclusively in the US District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County. You also agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of either of these courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim, and that the laws of the State of California will govern these Terms and any such claim or dispute without regard to conflict of law provisions. Without prejudice to the foregoing, you agree that, in its sole discretion, Meta may bring any claim, cause of action or dispute that we have against you in such a capacity in any competent court in the UK that has jurisdiction over the claim. 4. Disputes If a claim or dispute arises out of or relates to your use of the Meta Products as a consumer, both you and us agree that you may resolve your individual claim or dispute against us, and we may resolve our claim or dispute against you, in any competent court in the country of your main residence that has jurisdiction over your claim or dispute, and the laws of that country will apply without regard to conflict of law provisions. If a claim or dispute arises between us that relates to use of the Meta Products in any other capacity, including, but not limited to, access or use of the Meta Products for a business or commercial purpose, or that an entity brings on your behalf, you agree that any such claim or dispute must be resolved exclusively in the US District Court for the Northern District of California or a state court located in San Mateo County. You also agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of either of these courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim, and that the laws of the State of California will govern these Terms and any such claim or dispute without regard to conflict of law provisions. Without prejudice to the foregoing, you agree that, in its sole discretion, Meta may bring any claim, cause of action or dispute that we have against you in such a capacity in any competent court in the UK that has jurisdiction over the claim. 5. Other 5. Other Terms and Policies that may apply to you Date of last revision: 25 April 2023 Loading... Try Again CancelLoading...Loading... CancelLoading... Cancel