trakt Show & Movies Shows & MoviesShowsMoviesEpisodesPeopleListsUsersTrakt IDIMDB IDTMDB IDTVDB IDApple ID Show & Movies Join Trakt Trakt Privacy PolicyLast Updated — March 29, 2022 "Trakt," "us," "our," "we" "App" "Services" does not Let's Get Right To The PointTrakt wants you to have a clear understanding of how we collect, protect, and use your information. Here is a summary of Trakt's privacy promise to you:Trakt never sells your Personal Information. Ever.You can always login to update or control the information associated with your Trakt account.Trakt sometimes shares data about your use of the Services with our ad partners. For example, we would rather show you ads targeted towards TV and movies, instead of lame clickbait ads.You can unsubscribe from Trakt marketing emails anytime.Trakt only works with service providers and affiliates that meet or exceed our own privacy standards.Trakt welcomes your questions and comments about our privacy practices. Trakt wants you to have a clear understanding of how we collect, protect, and use your information. Here is a summary of Trakt's privacy promise to you: [email protected] 1 By accessing or using our Services in any manner, you consent to our privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not access or use our Services. 2 As used in this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Personal Information falls within certain categories, for example: "Personal Information" Information that is not protected as Personal Information includes publicly available information; aggregated information (meaning data summaries or reports with the Personal Information removed); or de-identified information that cannot be easily linked back to the individual. is not 3 4 Trakt may collect Personal Information (a) with your consent; (b) if we have a legitimate interest in doing so; or (c) as authorized or required by law. We only collect, use, retain, and disclose Personal Information as reasonably necessary and proportionate to provide our Services or for other purposes that we disclose to you and are compatible with the context of how we collected your Personal Information. During the preceding 12 months, we have collected Personal Information in the categories of identifiers, commercial information, inferences and internet or similar activity. We collect this information from you and your interactions with the Services including: Your Trakt Account, with your consent. Your Scrobble & Sync activities, to achieve a legitimate interest. Technical data from your use of the Services, to achieve a legitimate interest. Trakt might also use your Personal Information to: (i) monitor your compliance with any of your agreements with us; (ii) protect your privacy and enforce this Privacy Policy; (iii) if we believe it is necessary, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to us, or to others; (iv) comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or court order; or (v) fulfill any other purpose to which you consent. 5 Trakt uses cookies and related technologies to collect information, including some Personal Information for analytics, tracking, and advertising purposes. Cookies allow websites and platforms to analyze user trends, remember a user from one session to the next, and enable certain features to function. Trakt uses first party cookies to support your account login and other essential functions. Trakt also uses third-party cookies to track and analyze your content interactions and deliver direct and retargeted advertisements to you both directly on our Services and when you use other platforms. Details about Trakt cookie use is below. Common ID Cookie. Advertising Privacy Settings (FOR EU USERS ONLY) _traktsession + lots more __stripe*, m AWS* watchnow* 6 Trakt retains Personal Information for the minimum period necessary to provide you with the Services you request. Personal Information associated with your user account is retained until you delete it or cancel your account. If you cancel your account, Trakt will delete or anonymize all of your Personal Information then mark the account as private and schedule it for deletion. An account cannot be restored once deleted. User comments posted to Trakt forums are retained indefinitely unless you request deletion. Data collected via cookies and similar technologies is kept for up to 26 months. We may retain data, including Personal Information, for longer periods if it is critical to our business and securely stores that retained data. For example, we may retain de-identified data about your content interactions in perpetuity for purposes like supporting our Discover feature, analyzing user behavior on an aggregate level, or improving our Services. Trakt regularly reviews and deletes or deidentifies unnecessary data. 7 Trakt will only disclose Personal Information to the third parties as described in this section, with your permission, or as required by law. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed identifiers, commercial information, inferences and internet or similar activity to third-party recipients for a business purpose. We may disclose this information to the following recipients: Other Trakt Users. Service Providers. Cookie Data Recipients. Affiliates. Other Third Parties, Law enforcement, Aggregated and De-Identified Information. 8 This section offers instructions to control how Trakt collects and uses your Personal Information and provides the notices of privacy rights as required under the laws applicable to residents of California and other US states, Canada, and the EEA and UK. Controlling Your Personal Information. Your Account. Marketing. Profiling and Data Sharing. Device Settings. Do Not Track. Consumer Privacy Requests. "Privacy Request." Trakt can only fulfill a Consumer Privacy Request when we have sufficient information to verify that the requester is the person or an authorized representative of the person about whom we have collected Personal Information, and to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to the request. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verifiable request unless we have legal grounds to do so. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. We endeavor to respond to Consumer Privacy Requests in accordance with the requirements of the law applicable to your jurisdiction. California and Certain Other U.S. States. "CCPA" NOTE THAT TRAKT IS NOT CURRENTLY GOVERNED BY THE CCPA AND IS EXEMPT FROM CERTAIN OTHER US PRIVACY LAWS. "Consumer" Right to Correct. Right to Deletion. Limited Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. Opt-Out of Sharing Personal Information. Opt-Out of Profiling. No CCPA Sale of Personal Information. Right to Access. Right to Disclosure. Right to Nondiscrimination. Right to Disclosure of Marketing Information. Canada. "PIPEDA" "Canadian Consumers" Right to know Right to expect Right to accuracy Right to access European Economic Area and United Kingdom. "GDPR" "Data Subjects" Right to restrict processing Right to rectify your Personal Information. Right to data portability. Right to erasure "right to be forgotten" Right to object Right to not be subject to Automated Decision-Making ("ADM"). 9 Trakt employs reasonable and appropriate security procedures and practices to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized or illegal access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. Trakt uses secure cloud servers to process and store all data, including your Personal Information. Access to Personal Information is limited to employees and contractors as needed to perform their job functions. We also ensure that our employees, contractors, and agents responsible for handling privacy inquiries are informed of applicable legal requirements and we restrict access to those who need that information to process it. However, no transmission of data over the Internet is 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not defeat our security measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account username and password. We encourage you to protect against unauthorized access to your account and device by choosing a robust password and signing off after each session. Trakt is not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords, or for any activity on your account via unauthorized activity. 10 Trakt is owned and operated in the United States. We use technical infrastructure in the United States and other jurisdictions to provide our Services to Trakt users wherever they are located. As such, we must sometimes transfer data across jurisdictional boundaries. If you use our Services, it is possible that your Personal Information may be transferred outside of your jurisdiction to the United States or other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. The United States, EEA Member States, and other countries all have different laws. When your information is moved from your home country to another country, the laws and rules that protect your Personal Information in the country to which your information is transferred may be different from those in the country in which you live. For example, if your information is in the US, it may be accessed by government authorities in accordance with US law. Trakt is committed to using lawful data transfer mechanisms for all cross-border transfers of Personal Information. For Personal Information of Data Subjects transferred from the EEA to outside the EEA, Trakt relies on the most current Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission or another appropriate legal basis for such data transfers, where required. To the extent that Trakt is deemed to transfer Personal Information outside of the EEA, we do so on the legal basis that such transfer is necessary to provide you with the Services you have chosen to use. By allowing us to collect Personal Information about you, you consent to the transfer and processing of your Personal Information as described in this section. We do not warrant that our Services are appropriate or authorized for use in any other jurisdictions. You are solely responsible for determining whether your use of our Services complies with applicable laws. 11 Trakt may provide links or allow you to link to your Trakt account to third-party streaming services, social media, or other websites or platforms. These features are offered as a convenience only, and Trakt is not responsible for and has no ability to control the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of any third party. When you click on links that take you to external websites or platforms, you will be subject to their privacy policies and practices and not ours. Trakt encourages you to review and understand the privacy policies of such websites or platforms before submitting any information. 12 Trakt reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting without notice and revising the last updated date. All changes are effective immediately when posted and apply to all access to and use of our Services. Your continued use of our Services following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.  Ads suck, but they help pay the bills. Hide ads with VIP. Find a TV show or movie TV show movie Do not share my Personal Information © 2010-2023 trakt, inc. All rights reserved.Hand crafted in San Diego and the Bay Area. Loading... Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Bermuda Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Brazil Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cabo Verde Cameroon Canada Chad Chile Colombia Congo (DRC) Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Estonia Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Guatemala Guernsey Guyana Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kenya Kosovo Kuwait Latvia Lebanon Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Mali Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova Monaco Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palestine Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saint Lucia San Marino Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South Korea Spain Sweden Switzerland Taiwan Tanzania Thailand Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turks and Caicos Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Vatican City Venezuela Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe JustWatch Lookup