There is a date of the last update of the terms. The service can read your private emails. The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data. The service reviews its privacy policy on a regular basis. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect. You can opt out of targeted advertising. This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data. Blocking cookies may limit your ability to use the service. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. You can choose with whom you share content. Your identity is used in ads that are shown to other users. This service receives your location through GPS coordinates. App required for this service requires broad device permissions. The service provides two factor authentification for your account. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics. This service collects your IP address for location use. Third parties may be involved in operating the service. The terms for this service are easy to read. This service tracks which web page referred you to it. This service can view your browser history. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising. The service uses your personal data for advertising. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data. This service tracks you on other websites. They store data on you even if you did not interact with the service. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics. Many third parties are involved in operating the service. This service can share your personal information with third parties . The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period. This service may collect, use, and share location data. This service uses your personal information for many different purposes. You can request access and deletion of personal data. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users.. Your biometric data is collected. Your profile is combined across various products. This service gathers information about you through third parties. The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites. Your personal data is given to third parties