You have the right to leave this service at any time. This service employs separate policies for different parts of the service. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. The service provides a free help desk. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You maintain ownership of your data. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable. This service can license user content to third parties. This services gives no guarantee regarding quality. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $500. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. This service holds onto content that you've deleted. This service throttles your use. Users cannot scrape the website of the service. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. Per the service's terms, users may not express negative opinions about them. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service.