Privacy & Terms Sign in Terms Google Terms of Service Effective January 5, 2022 |  United Kingdom What’s covered in these terms We know it’s tempting to skip these Terms of Service, but it’s important to establish what you can expect from us as you use Google , and what we expect from you. These Terms of Service reflect , the laws that apply to our company, and . As a result, these Terms of Service help define Google’s relationship with you as you interact with our services. For example, these terms include the following topic headings: , which describes how we provide and develop our services , which establishes certain rules for using our services , which describes the intellectual property rights to the content you find in our services — whether that content belongs to you, Google, or others , which describes other legal rights you have, and what to expect in case someone violates these terms Understanding these terms is important because, to use our services, you must accept these terms. Besides these terms, we also publish a . Although it’s not part of these terms, we encourage you to read it to better understand how you can . Service provider Google are provided by, and you’re contracting with: Google LLCorganized under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and operating under the laws of the USA1600 Amphitheatre ParkwayMountain View, California 94043USA Age requirements If you’re under the , you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use a Google Account. Please have your parent or legal guardian read these terms with you. If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your child to use the , then these terms apply to you and you’re responsible for your child’s activity on the services. Some Google services have additional age requirements as described in their . Contents Your relationship with Google These terms help define the relationship between you and Google. Broadly speaking, we give you permission to use our if you agree to follow these terms, which reflect . When we speak of “Google,” “we,” “us,” and “our,” we mean Google LLC and its . What you can expect from us Provide a broad range of useful services We provide a broad range of services that are subject to these terms, including: apps and sites (like Search and Maps) platforms (like Google Shopping) integrated services (like Maps embedded in other companies’ apps or sites) devices (like Google Nest) Many of these services also include content that you can stream or interact with. Our services are designed to work together, making it easier for you to move from one activity to the next. For example, if your Calendar event includes an address, you can click on that address and Maps can show you how to get there. Develop, improve, and update Google services We’re constantly developing new technologies and features to improve our services. For example, we use artificial intelligence and machine learning to provide you with simultaneous translations, and to better detect and block spam and malware. As part of this continual improvement, we sometimes add or remove features and functionalities, increase or decrease limits to our services, and start offering new services or stop offering old ones. When a service requires or includes downloadable software, that software sometimes updates automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some services let you adjust your automatic update settings. We maintain a rigorous product research program, so before we change or stop offering a service, we carefully consider your interests as a user, your reasonable expectations, and the potential impact on you and others. We only change or stop offering services for valid reasons, such as to improve performance or security, to comply with law, to prevent illegal activities or abuse, to reflect technical developments, or because a feature or an entire service is no longer popular enough or economical to offer. If we make material changes that negatively impact your use of our services or if we stop offering a service, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice, except in urgent situations such as preventing abuse, responding to legal requirements, or addressing security and operability issues. We’ll also provide you with an opportunity to export from your Google Account using subject to applicable law and policies. What we expect from you Follow these terms and service-specific additional terms The permission we give you to use our continues as long as you comply with: these terms , which could, for example, include things like additional age requirements We also make various policies, help centers, and other resources available to you to answer common questions and to set expectations about using our services. These resources include our , , , and other pages accessible from our . Although we give you permission to use our services, we retain any we have in the services. Respect others We want to maintain a respectful environment for everyone, which means you must follow these basic rules of conduct: comply with applicable laws, including export control, sanctions, and human trafficking laws respect the rights of others, including privacy and intellectual property rights don’t abuse or harm others or yourself (or threaten or encourage such abuse or harm) — for example, by misleading, defrauding, illegally impersonating, defaming, bullying, harassing, or stalking others don’t abuse, harm, interfere with, or disrupt the services — for example, by accessing or using them in fraudulent or deceptive ways, introducing malware, or spamming, hacking, or bypassing our systems or protective measures. When we index the web to bring you search results, we respect standard usage restrictions that website owners specify in their websites’ code, so we require the same when others use our services Our provide additional details about appropriate conduct that everyone using those services must follow. If you find that others aren’t following these rules, many of our services allow you to . If we act on a report of abuse, we also provide the process described in the section. Permission to use your content Some of our services are designed to let you upload, submit, store, send, receive, or share . You have no obligation to provide any content to our services and you’re free to choose the content that you want to provide. If you choose to upload or share content, please make sure you have the necessary rights to do so and that the content is lawful. License remains yours, which means that you retain any that you have in your content. For example, you have intellectual property rights in the creative content you make, such as reviews you write. Or you may have the right to share someone else’s creative content if they’ve given you their permission. We need your permission if your intellectual property rights restrict our use of your content. You provide Google with that permission through this license. What’s covered This license covers if that content is protected by intellectual property rights. What’s not covered This license doesn’t affect your data protection rights — it’s only about your intellectual property rights This license doesn’t cover these types of content: publicly-available factual information that you provide, such as corrections to the address of a local business. That information doesn’t require a license because it’s considered common knowledge that everyone’s free to use. feedback that you offer, such as suggestions to improve our services. Feedback is covered in the section below. Scope This license is: worldwide, which means it’s valid anywhere in the world non-exclusive, which means you can license your content to others royalty-free, which means there are no monetary fees for this license Rights This license allows Google to: host, reproduce, distribute, communicate, and use your content — for example, to save your content on our systems and make it accessible from anywhere you go publish, publicly perform, or publicly display your content, if you’ve made it visible to others modify your content, such as reformatting or translating it sublicense these rights to: other users to allow the services to work as designed, such as enabling you to share photos with people you choose our contractors who’ve signed agreements with us that are consistent with these terms, only for the limited purposes described in the section below Purpose This license is for the limited purpose of: , which means allowing the services to work as designed and creating new features and functionalities. This includes using automated systems and algorithms to analyze your content:This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored. operating and improving the services for spam, malware, and illegal content to recognize patterns in data, such as determining when to suggest a new album in Google Photos to keep related photos together to customize our services for you, such as providing recommendations and personalized search results, content, and ads (which you can change or turn off in ) . For example, to promote a Google app, we might quote a review you wrote. Or to promote Google Play, we might show a screenshot of the app you offer in the Play Store. using content you’ve shared publicly to promote the services for Google consistent with these terms developing new technologies and services Duration This license lasts for as long as your content is protected by intellectual property rights. If you remove from our services any content that’s covered by this license, then our systems will stop making that content publicly available in a reasonable amount of time. There are two exceptions: If you already shared your content with others before removing it. For example, if you shared a photo with a friend who then made a copy of it, or shared it again, then that photo may continue to appear in your friend’s Google Account even after you remove it from your Google Account. If you make your content available through other companies’ services, it’s possible that search engines, including Google Search, will continue to find and display your content as part of their search results. Using Google services Your Google Account you can for your convenience. Some require that you have a Google Account in order to work — for example, to use Gmail, you need a Google Account so that you have a place to send and receive your email. You’re responsible for what you do with your Google Account, including taking reasonable steps to keep your Google Account secure, and we encourage you to regularly use the . Using Google services on behalf of an organization or business Many , such as businesses, non-profits, and schools, take advantage of our . To use our services on behalf of an organization: an authorized representative of that organization must agree to these terms your organization’s administrator may assign a Google Account to you. That administrator might require you to follow additional rules and may be able to access or disable your Google Account. If you’re based in the United Kingdom, then these terms don’t affect the rights you may have as a of online intermediation services — including online platforms such as Google Play — under the . Service-related communications To provide you with our services, we sometimes send you service announcements and other information. To learn more about how we communicate with you, see Google’s . If you choose to give us feedback, such as suggestions to improve our services, we may act on your feedback without obligation to you. Content in Google services Your content Some of our give you the opportunity to make your content publicly available — for example, you might post a product or restaurant review that you wrote, or you might upload a blog post that you created. See the section for more about your rights in , and how your content is used in our services See the section to learn why and how we might remove user-generated content from our services If you think someone is infringing your , you can and we’ll take appropriate action. For example, we suspend or close the Google Accounts of repeat infringers as described in our . Google content Some of our include content that belongs to Google — for example, many of the visual illustrations you see in Google Maps. You may use Google’s content as allowed by these terms and any , but we retain any intellectual property rights that we have in our content. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any of our branding, logos, or legal notices. If you want to use our branding or logos, please see the page. Other content Finally, some of our give you access to content that belongs to other people or — for example, a store owner’s description of their own business, or a newspaper article displayed in Google News. You may not use this content without that person or organization’s permission, or as otherwise allowed by law. The views expressed in other people or organizations’ content are theirs, and don’t necessarily reflect Google’s views. Software in Google services Some of our include downloadable software. We give you permission to use that software as part of the services. The license we give you is: non-exclusive, which means that we can license the software to others personal, which means it doesn’t extend to anyone else non-assignable, which means you’re not allowed to assign the license to anyone else Some of our services include software that’s offered under open source license terms that we make available to you. Sometimes there are provisions in the open source license that explicitly override parts of these terms, so please be sure to read those licenses. You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our services or software. In case of problems or disagreements Both the law and these terms give you the right to (1) a certain quality of service, and (2) ways to fix problems if things go wrong. Warranty We provide our using reasonable skill and care. If we don’t meet the quality level described in this , you agree to tell us and we’ll work with you to try to resolve the issue. Disclaimers The only commitments we make about our (including the content in the services, the specific functions of our services, or their reliability, availability, or ability to meet your needs) are provided in (1) the section; (2) the ; and (3) laws that can’t be limited by these terms. Liabilities For all users Both the law and these terms try to strike a balance as to what you or Google can claim from the other in case of problems. That’s why the law allows us to limit certain — but not others — under these terms. These terms only limit our responsibilities as allowed by applicable law. These terms don’t limit liability for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, or death or personal injury caused by negligence or willful misconduct. Other than the liabilities described above, Google is liable only for its breaches of these terms or applicable , subject to applicable law. For business users and organizations only If you’re a or : To the extent allowed by applicable law, you’ll Google and its directors, officers, employees, and contractors for any third-party legal proceedings (including actions by government authorities) arising out of or relating to your unlawful use of the or violation of these terms or . This indemnity covers any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, judgments, fines, litigation costs, and legal fees. If you’re legally exempt from certain responsibilities, including , then those responsibilities don’t apply to you under these terms. For example, the United Nations enjoys certain immunities from legal obligations and these terms don’t override those immunities. Google won’t be responsible for the following : loss of profits, revenues, business opportunities, goodwill, or anticipated savings indirect or consequential loss punitive damages Google’s total liability arising out of or relating to these terms is limited to the greater of (1) £500 or (2) 125% of the fees that you paid to use the relevant services in the 12 months before the breach Taking action in case of problems Before taking action as described below, we’ll provide you with advance notice when reasonably possible, describe the reason for our action, and give you an opportunity to fix the problem, unless we reasonably believe that doing so would: cause harm or to a user, third party, or Google violate the law or a legal enforcement authority’s order compromise an investigation compromise the operation, integrity, or security of our Removing your content If we reasonably believe that any of (1) breaches these terms, , (2) violates applicable law, or (3) could harm our users, third parties, or Google, then we reserve the right to take down some or all of that content in accordance with applicable law. Examples include child pornography, content that facilitates human trafficking or harassment, terrorist content, and content that infringes someone else’s . Suspending or terminating your access to Google services Google reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the services or delete your Google Account if any of these things happen: you materially or repeatedly breach these terms, we’re required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or a court order we reasonably believe that your conduct causes harm or to a user, third party, or Google — for example, by hacking, phishing, harassing, spamming, misleading others, or scraping content that doesn’t belong to you For more information about why we disable accounts and what happens when we do, see this . If you believe your Google Account has been suspended or terminated in error, . Of course, you’re always free to stop using our services at any time. If you do stop using a service, we’d so that we can continue improving our services. Settling disputes, governing law, and courts For information about how to contact Google, please visit our . If you’re a resident of, or an based in, the United Kingdom, these terms and your relationship with Google under these terms and , are governed by English law, and you can file legal disputes in the English courts. About these terms By law, you have certain rights that can’t be limited by a contract like these terms of service. These terms are in no way intended to restrict those rights. These terms describe the relationship between you and Google. They don’t create any legal rights for other people or , even if others benefit from that relationship under these terms. We want to make these terms easy to understand, so we’ve used examples from our . But not all services mentioned may be available in your country. If it turns out that a particular term is not valid or enforceable, this will not affect any other terms. If you don’t follow these terms or the , and we don’t take action right away, that doesn’t mean we’re giving up any rights that we may have, such as taking action in the future. We may update these terms and (1) to reflect changes in our services or how we do business — for example, when we add new services, features, technologies, pricing, or benefits (or remove old ones), (2) for legal, regulatory, or security reasons, or (3) to prevent abuse or harm. If we materially change these terms or , we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice and the opportunity to review the changes, except (1) when we launch a new service or feature, or (2) in urgent situations, such as preventing ongoing abuse or responding to legal requirements. If you don’t agree to the new terms, you should remove and stop using the services. You can also end your relationship with us at any time by closing your Google Account. Definitions affiliate An entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, which means Google LLC and its subsidiaries, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Limited, and Google Dialer Inc. business user An individual or entity who is not a consumer (see consumer). consumer An individual who uses Google services for personal, non-commercial purposes outside of their trade, business, craft, or profession. This includes “consumers” as defined in . (See business user) copyright A legal right that allows the creator of an original work (such as a blog post, photo, or video) to decide if and how that original work may be used by others, subject to certain limitations and exceptions (such as “fair use” and “fair dealing”). country version If you have a Google Account, we associate your account with a country (or territory) so that we can determine: the Google that provides the to you and that processes your information as you use the services the version of the terms that govern our relationship When you’re signed out, your country version is determined by the location where you’re using Google services. If you have an account, you can and view these terms to see the country associated with it. disclaimer A statement that limits someone’s legal responsibilities. indemnify or indemnity An individual or organization’s contractual obligation to compensate the losses suffered by another individual or organization from legal proceedings such as lawsuits. intellectual property rights (IP rights) Rights over the creations of a person’s mind, such as inventions (patent rights); literary and artistic works (copyright); designs (design rights); and symbols, names, and images used in commerce (trademarks). IP rights may belong to you, another individual, or an organization. liability Losses from any type of legal claim, whether the claim is based on a contract, tort (including negligence), or other reason, and whether or not those losses could have been reasonably anticipated or foreseen. organization A legal entity (such as a corporation, non-profit, or school) and not an individual person. services The Google services that are subject to these terms are the products and services listed at , including: devices and other goods (like Google Nest) trademark Symbols, names, and images used in commerce that are capable of distinguishing the goods or services of one individual or organization from those of another. UK Platform-to-Business Regulation The Regulation (EU) 2019/1150 on promoting fairness and transparency for business users of online intermediation services, as incorporated into the laws of the United Kingdom. warranty An assurance that a product or service will perform to a certain standard. your content Things that you create, upload, submit, store, send, receive, or share using our services, such as: Docs, Sheets, and Slides you create blog posts you upload through Blogger reviews you submit through Maps videos you store in Drive emails you send and receive through Gmail pictures you share with friends through Photos travel itineraries that you share with Google Google apps Main menu