 Search toggle Log in Log in Log in Main navigation menu, 6 items Submit Platform The All-in-One Observability Platform 30+ capabilities, 700+ integrations, the power of AI, all together. The All-in-One Observability Platform 30+ capabilities, 700+ integrations, the power of AI, all together. View Platform View Platform View Platform APM & Digital Experience APM 360 Browser Real User Monitoring Mobile Real User Monitoring Session Replay Synthetics Web Performance Monitoring Serverless Business Observability SAP Monitoring CodeStream Infrastructure Infrastructure Monitoring Kubernetes Monitoring Network Monitoring Prometheus Monitoring AWS Cloud Monitoring Azure Cloud Monitoring Google Cloud Monitoring Logs Log Management Security Interactive Application Security Testing (IAST) Vulnerability Management Artificial Intelligence New Relic Grok AIOps AI Monitoring Platform Capabilities OpenTelemetry Errors Inbox Alerts Dashboards Change Tracking Entity Explorer Integrations Pricing Solutions Customers on APM Customers on managing distributed systems, improving user experience, and more. IGS Cut Costs How IGS cut costs while improving monitoring. William Hill William Hill improves MTTR by 80%. View Customer Stories View Customer Stories View Customer Stories Use Cases Go from reactive to responsive DevOps Cloud Adoption Tool Consolidation Digital Customer Experience Open Source Industries Ecommerce & Retail Healthcare Media & Entertainment New Relic for Startups Non Profit Public Sector Technologies Amazon Web Services Google Cloud Platform Microsoft Azure Pivotal Cloud Foundry Observability Forecast Double your ROI through observability. Dive into the data. 10x Banking Discover how 10x Banking masters zero-impact deployments with New Relic. Monitor Azure Harness Azure's full potential with New Relic's insights. Developers Simple K8 Monitoring Simplify your Kubernetes monitoring with the New Relic operator. Monitor Mobile Apps Monitor hybrid mobile apps in minutes with quickstart installations. New Relic Browser Agent Custom instrumentation with the New Relic browser agent. Popular Docs Start ingesting data Create custom dashboards Examine NRQL queries Forward logs using infrastructure agent View All Docs View All Docs View All Docs 700+ Integrations Start now for free. Python Install Java PHP Ruby View All Integrations View All Integrations View All Integrations The largest, most comprehensive study on observability. Dive into the data. Secure Code with IAST Learn how to use New Relic IAST to spot and fix vulnerabilities in your first-party code. IT Host Fixes Spot and solve host issues with New Relic's insights. Resources Resource Library Ebooks, data sheets, and white papers. Resource Library New Relic Blog Industry updates, tips, and best practices. New Relic Blog Community Forum Ask a question, share an answer. Community Forum Events & Webinars Join us for an upcoming event or training. Events & Webinars New Relic University Learning paths and training courses. New Relic University Technical Support Expert support for our global clients. Technical Support Dive into the data: Uncover the impact of observability for your business. IAST Explained From basics to benefits: Navigate the world of IAST with us. Business O11y Turn your data into dollars and make better business decisions. Docs Get Started Free Get Started Free Get Started Free Get Demo Get Demo Get Demo New Relic, Inc. General Data Privacy Notice New Relic, Inc. Last updated November 7, 2023* Welcome to New Relic! New Relic's full-stack data analysis platform enables businesses to have a clearer view of what’s happening in their software. This New Relic General Data Privacy Notice (“General Privacy Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal data about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. We are committed to protecting your information and being transparent about the information we collect about you and how we use it. 1. Definitions New Relic, Inc. makes monitoring services and tools available via several platforms, including pixielabs.ai, newrelic.com, and codestream.com. When you create an account with us via one of our platforms, your information is controlled by New Relic, Inc. New Relic collects Personal Data about you both offline and online. Offline information about you originates from our interactions with you, for example, during in-person meetings or at New Relic events, conferences, or workshops. Online information originates from your activities on our Sites and third party sources. The Personal Data we collect includes information such as your name, mailing or billing address, credit card information, username, GitHub ID, email address, company name, IP or MAC address. We collect this information so we know who you are for various reasons, including to communicate with you, bill you correctly, and to enable you to log-in to and use New Relic Sites and New Relic Separate Platforms. For more information on the types of Personal Data we collect and how we may receive it, click on “Read more”. Read more We may collect offline or online data, such as contact and financial information, from you directly, automatically, or from third parties, such as data aggregators, that may not have a relationship with you. a. Personal Data Categories Personal Data category Examples of Personal Data included b. Personal Data we collect directly from you includes contact, financial and billing, event visitor, community profile, and office visitor information, as well as pictures, videos and audio recordings, and data we collect automatically, which includes device and geographic information. Examples of how it may be collected by New Relic directly Collected automatically c. We may collect the following types of Personal Data about you from third parties that supply us with Personal Data in order to help us establish an account, target our marketing, or fulfill orders in partnership with our resellers. Our third party company relationships help us to update, expand, and analyze our Personal Data records, identify new customers, optimize our Sites and Services, create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you, and manage open source projects. Personal Data that we collect from third party sources include: We may collect the following types of Personal Data about you from third parties Example Categories of Personal Data Third party source We have checked that these third parties have an appropriate legal basis to provide us this Personal Data, such as your consent, a legitimate business interest, or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your Personal Data. In general, Personal Data we collect from you or about you from third parties is used for business and commercial purposes, for example to provide and maintain our Sites, Services, and New Relic Separate Platforms. Additionally, collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Sites, where they come from, and what content on our Sites is of interest to them. New Relic uses your Personal Data for the following purposes: Except as provided in this General Privacy Notice, we do not, and will not, sell Personal Data. Generally, we may disclose your Personal Data for our business purposes, such as to our service providers, partners or competent law enforcement bodies. Read More New Relic may disclose your Personal to a. Third party service providers. We engage with third parties to support our business and operations. For example some third party service providers offer services that we use to provide the Services, Sites, and New Relic Separate Platforms, such as cloud providers. New Relic remains liable for any onward transfers to third parties. b. Event sponsors and hosts. If you elect to do so, we may share Personal Data collected at New Relic events, such as FutureStack or New Relic’s seminars, with sponsors and hosts of such events, for valuable consideration from such sponsor or host to New Relic. Such sponsor or host may use it for their business or commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy notices. c. Business partners. We contract with business partners, such as third party resellers, for our commercial purposes. For instance, if you fill out a form on our Sites, such as by signing up for a free New Relic account, ebook or webinar, or if you reach out to our Sales team, you may be contacted by a designated New Relic partner. d. Comply with our legal obligations. Where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person, we may disclose your Personal Data in response to lawful requests by a public authority, including any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. e. New Relic entities. We may share your Personal Data within New Relic, such as with or between subsidiaries of New Relic, Inc. We and our subsidiaries will only use the information as described in this notice. f. Actual or potential buyers. In connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer (and its agents and advisors) it must use your Personal Data only for the purposes disclosed in this General Privacy Notice. g. Other person(s). Where you provide consent to the disclosure or as allowed by applicable data protection law, we may share your information as described at the time of consent. When we use your Personal Data, we take care to ensure that it is used in an appropriate way. Our use of Personal Data is done under one of various legal bases, including for our legitimate interest, in performance of a contract or with your consent. We will process your Personal Data and share that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice where: If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). We retain Personal Data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). This may also include situations where litigation is pending or ongoing and such information is subject to a legal hold. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated when you consent. When you use our Services or Sites, your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries where we or our service providers operate. These may be countries other than the country in which you are located These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country. If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom (UK) your Personal Data will be accessed by New Relic staff or suppliers, transferred, and/or stored outside the EEA, Switzerland and/or the UK. New Relic takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. We offer certain data protection options to all individuals, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing communications, to amend your personal data contained in your account, and to request we delete your account information. For more information on the rights and options you have, including jurisdiction-specific rights, please click Read More. a. When it comes to your marketing choices, we offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We will periodically send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Sites or the purchase of our Services (marketing and/or sales communications) as the following applies : (i) in accordance with your marketing preferences, (ii) if you sign up for a New Relic account or other content, (iii) request to be contacted by New Relic and/or if you request information from New Relic. Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we will retain a record of your preference (including retaining your email address) and we may share your email address with third parties solely for the purpose of ensuring that you do not receive further marketing communications related to our Services from third parties. When you reach out to us, we will endeavor to respond without delay in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request and to verify you are making the request in respect of your own Personal Data. With respect to deletion requests, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep Personal Data and not remove it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). We will let you know if we are unable to comply with this request and the reasons why. c. EEA & the United Kingdom In addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above, persons located in the EEA or the United Kingdom have some additional data protection rights under EEA and UK data protection laws. These rights include the right to find out if we use your Personal Data, or to access your Personal Data. Also, you can object to the processing of Personal Data we process on the basis of our legitimate business interests, ask us to restrict processing, or request portability of your Personal Data. Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent. You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. d. California e. Nevada If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to submit a request that we do not sell to third parties certain types of personal information that we have collected or will collect about you. You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. If you are a Virginia resident, you have some additional data protection rights. under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above. You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose personal data for targeted advertising in line with your choices. You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. You may opt out of the disclosure of your personal data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Virginia Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes. g. Colorado If you are a Colorado resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above. You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose personal data for targeted advertising in line with your choices. You may opt out of the disclosure of your personal data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Colorado Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes. h. Connecticut If you are a Connecticut resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above. You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose personal data for targeted advertising in line with your choices. You may opt out of the disclosure of your personal data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Connecticut Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes. i. Australia Supplemental Data Protection Law Disclosures. New Relic will process Personal Data under this General Data Privacy Notice in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are an Australian resident and you are dissatisfied with our handling of a data subject right request or a complaint, you can always contact us at Privacy@newrelic.com. If you disagree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“OAIC”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on their website http://www.oaic.gov.au. New Relic does not currently commit to responding to browser’s “do not track” or “DNT” preference across its Sites and Services, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent. New Relic takes privacy and choices regarding privacy seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor the development around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard for DNT. Global Privacy Control is a browser setting that allows you to notify websites you visit about your privacy preferences. New Relic honors website visitors’ Global Privacy Control signals. Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. This General Privacy Notice applies to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect as described herein. Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, a third party may collect Personal Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this General Privacy Notice do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third party. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit. Our Sites also include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these features are also governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. This General Privacy Notice may be changed from time to time, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. You can see when this General Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this General Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Notice. It describes the categories of personal information that we have collected, disclosed for a business or commercial purpose and sold over the preceding twelve (12) months. New Relic has a Data Protection Officer and has nominated both local and global Data Protection Officers. If you have questions about how your Personal Data is collected, stored, shared or used, or if you wish to exercise any of your data rights, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in an alternative format, please contact our Data Protection Officers at: By email: privacy@newrelic.com By mail: Attn: Legal Data Subject Request New Relic, Inc. 188 Spear Street Suite 1000 San Francisco, CA 94105 New Relic appointed New Relic International Limited as its EU data protection representative, and the Irish Data Protection Commissioner is New Relic supervisory authority. You can contact New Relic EU Representative by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic EU Representative. New Relic appointed New Relic UK Limited as its UK data protection representative, and the Information Commissioner’s Office is New Relic supervisory authority in the United Kingdom. You can contact New Relic UK Representative at: Strand Bridge House 138-142 The Strand London, England WC2R 1HL Or by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic UK Representative. For any complaints regarding our compliance with our privacy and security practices including complaints under the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, , please contact New Relic first. New Relic will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding our privacy practices. The data controller of your Personal Data for all countries that New Relic does business is New Relic, Inc., unless you have contracted directly with New Relic, K.K. in Japan, in which case New Relic, K.K. is the data controller. *Updated on November 7, 2023 with additional information on uses and disclosures on personal data. Prior Versions Company About Us Leadership Careers Social Impact Newsroom Customers Partner Program Code of Conduct Suppliers Portal Free Tier Pricing ESG Contact Us New Relic vs Datadog 2023 Observability Forecast Follow Us Download the New Relic App Get it on Google Play ©2008-23 New Relic, Inc. All rights reserved