There is a date of the last update of the T&amp;C and CN documents. The terms for this service are easy to read. The Terms and Conditions may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . Your use can be throttled. User suspension from the service will be fair and proportionate.. You maintain ownership of your content. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. Private messages can be read. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. This service does not guarantee that it meets your expectations or requirements. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. The court of law governing the terms is in Canada. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Your account can be suspended for several reasons. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. No guarantee is given regarding quality