Last Updated: November 16, 2023. Welcome to Epic! Epic Games, Inc. is headquartered in Cary, North Carolina. We and our subsidiaries have offices and operations located around the world that help create and deliver some of your favorite products and services, including games like Fortnite and development tools like Unreal Engine (see “Our Global Operations” below). This privacy policy describes the different ways we may collect, use, and share information on, through, or in connection with the Epic Services (see “What are the Epic Services?” below). If you have any questions, you can always reach out to us as described in “Contact Us” below. When we refer to “Epic” (or any similar terms like “we” or “us”) in this privacy policy, we mean the Epic Games entity that controls and is responsible for your information, including Epic Games, Inc. and its subsidiaries that help provide and support the Epic Services. You can also find details about the data controller for personal information we collect through different Epic Services in “Contact Us” below.  We use the term “Epic Services” to describe any Epic products or services that directly link to this privacy policy. These include, for example: Please read this entire privacy policy. You should also carefully review any other agreements that apply to the Epic Services you use, and confirm you understand and agree to them, before using those products or services. The types of information we collect depend on how you interact with us. Generally speaking, we collect information in three main ways: A) when you provide it to us, B) automatically when you use the Epic Services, and C) from service providers and third parties. You can provide us with different kinds of information depending on how you interact with the Epic Services. Sometimes we’ll ask you to provide specific pieces of information, such as when we require it to provide parts of the Epic Services to you (for example, by prompting you to provide your date of birth or complete an online registration process). If we ask you to provide us with information in these cases and you choose not to, you may not be able to access the relevant Epic Services and/or some features may not operate as intended. For instance, in order to make purchases on the Epic Games Store and to play some of our games, you’ll need an Epic account. To create one, you’ll need to provide us with basic registration information like your name, a public-facing display name, password, the country you live in, and email address. If you want to make a purchase, we may ask you to provide payment-related information (like your credit card number and expiration date) to complete the transaction. In addition, many of our services require your date of birth to determine which features we can offer you and which settings to apply to your account based on your age and location. We collect some information automatically when you visit, access, or use the Epic Services. This includes information about your gameplay or application usage, purchases, entitlements, and other activity in the Epic Services, typically associated with your account (if you are logged into your Epic account or use a third-party account to access the Epic Services) or with an identifier we have assigned to your device or profile. While the specific types of information that we automatically collect may vary, they generally include: The Epic Services use technologies such as cookies, log files, and web beacons to automatically collect the types of information listed above. Some of these technologies may create small files or record-keeping tools that may be stored on your device. They help us, our service providers, and third parties recognize your device and provide information about how you use and interact with the Epic Services. For example, they support our ability to authenticate users, remember preferences, manage advertising, personalize experiences, and conduct data analytics. Please note that if certain features on the Epic Services are provided by third parties, those third parties may also use automated means of data collection and may record information about your use of the Epic Services, their services, or others’ websites over time. For example, when you use Epic Services that include third party software (like Unreal Engine), those third party providers may collect information through their technology. These features are subject to those third parties’ privacy notices and policies. In some cases, we may also receive information about you from service providers and third parties in connection with your use of the Epic Services or your interactions with us on other platforms. For example, some other developers allow you to use your Epic account to log in to their service. And if you choose to link your Epic account with your account on a third-party social media (like Facebook), gaming (like Steam), or other similar website or service, or if you interact with an ad for one of the Epic Services on an external website or service, the company that operates that website or service may share some information with Epic in accordance with their own privacy practices. Your privacy settings on the other company’s website or service typically control the specific types of information they can share with Epic, so please be sure to review and update them regularly. Common examples for linked accounts might include your third-party account display name and user ID, as well as associated device information, name, and email address. For participants in our Support-a-Creator program, we may also collect the number of social media account followers you have for program eligibility purposes. You can also buy, download, or access some Epic Services on or through services operated by third parties. If you do, they may provide us with information to facilitate your access to and use of the Epic Services. This typically includes information like your display name, user ID, and device and region information. For example, you can choose to download and play games like Fortnite on gaming consoles (like PlayStation®, Microsoft Xbox, and Nintendo Switch) through your gaming console account. When you do, the company operating that platform or service may share some information with us, which helps us do things like facilitate your gameplay and track your progression and entitlements. Providing users with a fair, balanced, and competitive experience on the Epic Services is extremely important to us. We strictly enforce prohibitions against cheating, hacking, account stealing, and any other unauthorized or fraudulent activity on the Epic Services. We use a variety of anti-cheat and fraud prevention technologies to help us identify and prevent malicious activity. These services may collect and analyze data about your computer and the software on your computer to detect cheating and may be provided by Epic or by service providers such as BattlEye. As a general matter, we use the information we collect (either individually or in combination with other information collected as described in this policy) to help us provide, improve, customize, analyze, and promote the Epic Services. This includes using it for purposes such as: We may also process information that does not identify you individually, including aggregate or de-identified information that we create or collect from other sources. This information helps us better understand larger groups of users. If we combine this information with information that identifies you, we will treat it as described in this privacy policy. But please note that this privacy policy does not restrict our ability to process information that does not individually identify you, and we may use and disclose aggregated or de-identified information for any reason permitted by law. We may share some of the information we collect to help operate and improve the Epic Services. Depending on how you interact with us, common examples might include sharing: No mobile phone numbers provided to Epic for security purposes will be shared with third parties or affiliates for marketing/promotional purposes. Third parties you interact with through Epic Services may have different privacy practices than Epic, so we encourage you to review their privacy policies before sharing your information with them. We are designing the Epic Services to be welcoming to users of all ages around the world. This means that we collect age information from users, and some of our services will provide a different experience based on what we know about the age of a user and where they live. The information below is for parents and guardians to understand our privacy practices with respect to children (under 13 or the age of digital consent in the user’s region, whichever is higher). When a user indicates that they are a child, they are placed in a “Cabined Account” until they are no longer a child as defined above or until their parent or guardian provides additional privacy permission and enables parental controls. Cabined Accounts can play Epic’s games such as Fortnite and Fall Guys, but features like voice chat and real money purchases are disabled. Epic collects limited personal information from Cabined Accounts to operate them, in each case according to applicable youth privacy and protection laws: We collect a parent or guardian email address from a child player in order to send the parent or guardian an email notice that the child has created a Cabined Account. This notice also lets them review our privacy practices for non-Cabined Accounts, provide consent to a non-Cabined Account for their child to enable additional features, and set up Parental Controls. Please note that parents/guardians must complete our parent verification process in order to provide consent to a non-Cabined Account. Child and Parent Privacy Rights We seek to provide you with meaningful choices about the personal information we collect. The specific choices available to you often vary depending on the exact nature of our relationship with you, such as the Epic Services you use. Common examples include: Some parts of the world provide individuals with specific choices related to their personal information by right under local law. Epic Games, Inc. is based in the United States, but we operate globally to help provide users all around the world with a better experience on the Epic Services. We have subsidiaries, offices, service providers, and partners worldwide to support these operations in a number of different ways -- for example, the developer of Fall Guys is a subsidiary called Mediatonic Limited that is based in the United Kingdom. This means that Epic may process the information we collect in connection with your use of the Epic Services in places outside the region where you reside. When you use the Epic Services, your information may be transferred to or stored in the United States or other countries where we or our service providers operate. The data protection laws and rules in these countries may be different than those where you live. We rely on various legal mechanisms to help lawfully support transfers of information outside the country of collection where appropriate. If permissible under local law, you’re authorizing Epic to process your information in any of the locations where we operate (including the United States) by using the Epic Services. To learn more about the Epic entity responsible for operating the Epic Services you use, see “Contact Us” below. The California Consumer Privacy Act or “CCPA” provides consumers residing in California certain rights with respect to their personal information. If you are a California resident, you may have the right to: (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose; (2) request deletion of your personal information; (3) opt out of sale of your personal information (if any); and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You or your authorized agent may make these requests by contacting us as described in “Contact Us” below. Note that we may ask you for additional information to help us verify who you are before completing your request. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you gave that person authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. We collect the following categories of personal information, as described in the CCPA: For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources where we got that information, please see “What Information Do We Collect?” above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in “How Do We Use Information?” above. Epic does not sell or share (as those are defined in the CCPA) the personal information we collect. We do, however, disclose personal information as described in this policy (see “How Do We Share Information?” above). In the past 12 months, we have disclosed personal information to the following categories of recipients: If you’re located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK), or Switzerland, you have certain rights regarding how your personal data is processed. Data Subject Rights You may have the right to access, correct, or delete personal data we have collected about you through the Epic Services. You may also have the right to a portable copy of the personal data you have provided, and to object to or restrict processing of your personal data, such as for direct marketing. Where you have provided your consent to our data processing, you have the right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to make a complaint against us by contacting your local supervisory authority for data protection (if one exists in your country). We would, however, appreciate the chance to address your concerns before you contact a data protection regulator, and ask that you direct your complaint to us first. Please see the “Contact Us” section below to learn more about reaching out to Epic with any relevant concerns you may have. You can find more details about your local Data Protection Authority as follows: Basis for Processing The legal bases we rely on to process your personal data depend on the Epic Services you use and how you interact with them. They primarily include: Retention Because the specific personal data we process and our reasons for doing so often vary depending on how you use the Epic Services, how long we retain it can also vary. We generally store personal data for as long as we reasonably need it for the purposes described in this policy (like complying with our legal obligations, managing internal records, enforcing our terms, and resolving disputes), unless a long retention period is required or permitted by law. The main criteria we consider in determining specific retention periods often include minimum requirements under applicable law, relevant industry standards, the types of data in question (such as its level of sensitivity), relevance to potential litigation or similar proceedings (like defending ourselves against legal claims), and whether the data is required to prevent fraud or similar abuse of the Epic Services (including to enforce prohibitions against cheating and other unauthorized behavior). For example, if you create an Epic account, we will generally store the personal data associated with your Epic account for as long as needed to maintain your account, provide the Epic Services you requested, enforce any terms that apply and govern your use of the Epic Services, and maintain appropriate records to reflect how we deliver the Epic Services to you. To learn more about requesting that Epic delete your personal data, please see “Your Choices and Controls” and “Data Subject Rights” above. We maintain appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect your personal information from accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use and other unlawful forms of processing. In some cases, your information is accessible when you log into a feature we offer, and in those cases you need to keep your user credentials and password confidential and secure so that your information is protected. If we become aware of unauthorized disclosure of your personal information, we will notify you as required by law and take steps to help secure your information. We’ll update this policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices or relevant laws. When we do, we’ll change the date noted at the top of the policy. In some cases we may also notify you of the relevant changes by email or within the Epic Services. Please review this policy regularly to make sure that you understand your relationship with Epic and the ways we may collect, use, and share information in connection with the Epic Services. If you have questions or concerns about the Epic Services (such as game-related issues, trouble accessing your Epic account, bugs or other technical problems, payment matters, or content and entitlement issues), please contact our Player Support teams. You can learn more about submitting support requests for products and services from: If you want to learn more about our privacy practices or this policy, please email your questions about products and services from: You can also contact us via postal mail (marked “Attn: Legal Department”) to Epic Games, Inc., located at 620 Crossroads Blvd., Cary, NC 27518, USA. If you live outside of the United States and you are using: the data controller is: contact information: the Epic Games Store Epic Games, Inc. 620 Crossroads Blvd., Cary, NC 27518, USA For any questions or concerns about the handling of personal data, contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@support.epicgames.com. You can contact Taylor Vinters, our EU/UK representative, at representative@taylorvinters.com any games provided by Epic Games, such as Fortnite, that link to this privacy policy Epic Games Entertainment International GmbH Platz 10, 6039 Root D4, Switzerland any other products or services provided by Epic Games, such as Unreal Engine, that link to this privacy policy Epic Games Commerce GmbH products or services provided by Mediatonic, such as Fall Guys, that link to this privacy policy Mediatonic Limited Octagon Point, 5 Cheapside, London, EC2V 6AA, United Kingdom For any questions or concerns about the handling of personal data, contact Mediatonic Games S.L.U, a Spanish subsidiary of Mediatonic Limited, our EU representative, at privacy@support.epicgames.com. products or services provided by Psyonix, such as Rocket League, that link to this privacy policy Psyonix LLC 401 A St. #4200, San Diego, CA 92101, USA For any questions or concerns about the handling of personal data, contact Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited our EU Representative, at PsyonixGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie. You can contact Taylor Vinters, our UK representative, at representative@taylorvinters.com KWS services provided by SuperAwesome SuperAwesome, as a joint controller with Epic SuperAwesome Trading Limited For any questions or concerns about the handling of personal data, contact privacy@superawesome.com You can contact Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited, our GDPR Representative, at SuperAwesomeGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie products or services provided by Life on Air, such as Postparty, that link to this privacy policy Life on Air, Inc. For any questions or concerns about the handling of personal data, you can contact Taylor Vinters, our EU/UK representative, at representative@taylorvinters.com products or services provided by Aquiris, such as Horizon Chase 2, that link to this privacy policy Aquiris Games Studio LLC c/o IBCPA, 20801 Biscayne Blvd, Ste 403, Office 415, Aventura, Florida, 33180, USA For any questions or concerns about the handling of personal data, you can contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@aquiris.com.br. Back to top Games Marketplaces Tools Online Services Resources Company © 2023, Epic Games, Inc. All rights reserved. Epic, Epic Games, the Epic Games logo, Fortnite, the Fortnite logo, Unreal, Unreal Engine, the Unreal Engine logo, Unreal Tournament, and the Unreal Tournament logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Epic Games, Inc. in the United States of America and elsewhere. Other brands or product names are the trademarks of their respective owners.