Skip to main content Main Menu  Login Log out LogOut About Us Our Work News Events Company Careers Personalized Ads Preference Signal Websites Children's Privacy Data Transfer Data Retention Contact Us Privacy Policy We promise to protect your privacy. We never sell personal data. We’re committed to supporting your privacy rights. When we use the term “NVIDIA” we’re referring collectively to NVIDIA Corp. in the United States and to our subsidiaries and affiliates globally. Visiting Our Website and Interacting With Our Online Content We collect your information when you search for information, order products, request to download content, register for events or demos, or give us feedback. This helps us deliver what you ask for, communicate with you, and better understand what your interests are. It also enables us to improve our web experiences, products and services, and find others who may be interested in them. See More See Less Visiting Our Website and Interacting With Our Online Content We collect your information when you search for information, order products, request to download content, register for events or demos, or give us feedback. This helps us deliver what you ask for, communicate with you, and better understand what your interests are. It also enables us to improve our web experiences, products and services, and find others who may be interested in them. See More See Less See More See Less Type of Data How We Use This Data Legal Basis for Processing Whether We Share This Data When you visit our websites or online services, we collect a history of the content you have viewed. We use content viewing history to understand your experience, improve our content, and customize content for you. If you consent, we may also use content viewing history to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process content viewing history based on our legitimate interest in making and improving our content. We rely solely on your consent if we use content viewing history to send customized communications to you. We never share this data. When you register for our events or when you request content (e.g., newsletters or white papers), we collect your contact information, including your name, email address, phone number, address, and organization affiliations. We use your request history and contact information to communicate with you about your requests, and to find other individuals and organizations that may be interested in our products and services. If you consent, we may also use your request history and contact information to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process your contact information with your consent or based on our legitimate interest in finding potential customers for our products and services. We rely solely on your consent if we use this information to customize our communications with you. Learn more. When you order products, we collect your contact information, including your name, email address, phone number, address, and business affiliations. We use your order history and contact information to communicate with you about your orders, to send you items you have ordered, and to find other individuals and organizations that may be interested in our products and services. If you consent, we may also use your order history and contact information to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process your contact information with your consent, as part of a contract with you (for example, to buy a product), or based on our legitimate interest in finding potential customers for our products and services. We rely solely on your consent if we use this information to customize our communications with you. When you submit feedback through our online services, we collect your feedback, your email address, and associated technical information such as the feedback mechanism (e.g., URL), the version of your operating system and browser, and your IP address. We use this data to improve our products and services. We rely solely on your consent if we collect feedback information. We do not share this data unless you use GeForce NOW as an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners. If so, we share your ratings and feedback with your GeForce Now Alliance partner. When you interact with our emails (e.g., open, click, unsubscribe, add other recipients), we collect information about your interactions. We use email interaction data to improve how we communicate with you and others, and to find potential customers. We process email interaction data based on our legitimate interest in making and improving our content, and in finding and communicating with potential customers. Creating an NVIDIA Account We collect your information when you create an account with us for GeForce NOW, NGC, GTC, or other programs to service your account, communicate with you, and comply with regional laws. See More See Less Creating an NVIDIA Account We collect your information when you create an account with us for GeForce NOW, NGC, GTC, or other programs to service your account, communicate with you, and comply with regional laws. See More See Less We collect user information, including username, email address, account preferences, login activity, and IP address. We use your user profile information to identify you as a user of our services, customize your experience, communicate with you about important changes, and detect and prevent malicious use of our services.If you consent, we may also use your user profile information to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process your user profile information with your consent, or as part of a contract with you (for example, to provide a service such as GeForce NOW or NVIDIA Developer Program).If we process your user profile information to detect and prevent malicious use of our services, we do so based on our legitimate interest in protecting our services from abuse. We rely solely on your consent if we process your user profile information to customize our communications with you. We collect your birthdate. We use your birthdate to ensure compliance with local laws regarding children’s access to digital services. We are required by law to process your birthdate to ensure compliance with local laws regarding children’s access to digital services. We collect your geographic region. We use your geographic region to (1) ensure compliance with local laws; (2) customize the language, format, or substance of our communications with you; and (3) configure our network services. We are required to process your geographic region to ensure compliance with local laws. When we customize communications or configure our network services based on your geographic region, we do so based on our legitimate interest in communicating effectively with you. Using NVIDIA Products We collect your information when you use NVIDIA software, including GeForce Experience, GeForce NOW, software for NVIDIA SHIELD, and enterprise software for our cloud, data center, networking, and embedded systems products.This helps us optimize your experience, improve our products and services, and better communicate with you. See More See Less Type of Data How We Use This Data Legal Basis for Processing Whether We Share This Data We collect installation and configuration details about your software, hardware, and network configuration (e.g., version of operating system, applications installed, type of hardware, network speed, IP address). We use this data to optimize your settings, and to improve our products and services by understanding how they are used. If you consent, we may also use this data to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process this data as part of a contract with you to provide a service (e.g., delivering software updates), and based on our legitimate interest in making and improving our products and services. We rely solely on your consent if we use this data to customize our communications with you. We do not share this data unless you use GeForce NOW as an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners. If so, we share your operating system version, network type, and the last three digits of your IP address with your GeForce Now Alliance partner. We collect information about the features and applications used in connection with our products or services, including the software or games you are using. We use feature and application data to understand your experience and to improve our products and services. If you consent, we may also use feature and application data to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process feature and application data as part of a contract with you to provide a service (e.g., delivering software updates), and based on our legitimate interest in making and improving our products and services. We rely solely on your consent if we use your feature and application data to customize our communications with you. We do not share this data unless you use GeForce NOW as an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners. If so, we share your games played and session time with your GeForce Now Alliance partner. If you consent, we collect error or crash data in connection with our products or services. We use error or crash data to find and fix bugs. We rely solely on your consent if we use your error or crash data. We do not share this data unless you use GeForce NOW as an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners. If so, we share error data with your GeForce Now Alliance partner. Using NVIDIA Products We collect your information when you use NVIDIA software, including GeForce Experience, GeForce NOW, software for NVIDIA SHIELD, and enterprise software for our cloud, data center, networking, and embedded systems products.This helps us optimize your experience, improve our products and services, and better communicate with you. See More See Less Using NVIDIA Products We collect your information when you use NVIDIA software, including GeForce Experience, GeForce NOW, software for NVIDIA SHIELD, and enterprise software for our cloud, data center, networking, and embedded systems products.This helps us optimize your experience, improve our products and services, and better communicate with you. See More See Less Type of Data How We Use This Data Legal Basis for Processing Whether We Share This Data We collect installation and configuration details about your software, hardware, and network configuration (e.g., version of operating system, applications installed, type of hardware, network speed, IP address). We use this data to optimize your settings, and to improve our products and services by understanding how they are used. If you consent, we may also use this data to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process this data as part of a contract with you to provide a service (e.g., delivering software updates), and based on our legitimate interest in making and improving our products and services. We rely solely on your consent if we use this data to customize our communications with you. We do not share this data unless you use GeForce NOW as an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners. If so, we share your operating system version, network type, and the last three digits of your IP address with your GeForce Now Alliance partner. We collect information about the features and applications used in connection with our products or services, including the software or games you are using. We use feature and application data to understand your experience and to improve our products and services. If you consent, we may also use feature and application data to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process feature and application data as part of a contract with you to provide a service (e.g., delivering software updates), and based on our legitimate interest in making and improving our products and services. We rely solely on your consent if we use your feature and application data to customize our communications with you. We do not share this data unless you use GeForce NOW as an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners. If so, we share your games played and session time with your GeForce Now Alliance partner. If you consent, we collect error or crash data in connection with our products or services. We use error or crash data to find and fix bugs. We rely solely on your consent if we use your error or crash data. We do not share this data unless you use GeForce NOW as an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners. If so, we share error data with your GeForce Now Alliance partner. We collect installation and configuration details about your software, hardware, and network configuration (e.g., version of operating system, applications installed, type of hardware, network speed, IP address). We use this data to optimize your settings, and to improve our products and services by understanding how they are used. If you consent, we may also use this data to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process this data as part of a contract with you to provide a service (e.g., delivering software updates), and based on our legitimate interest in making and improving our products and services. We rely solely on your consent if we use this data to customize our communications with you. We do not share this data unless you use GeForce NOW as an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners. If so, we share your operating system version, network type, and the last three digits of your IP address with your GeForce Now Alliance partner. We collect information about the features and applications used in connection with our products or services, including the software or games you are using. We use feature and application data to understand your experience and to improve our products and services. If you consent, we may also use feature and application data to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process feature and application data as part of a contract with you to provide a service (e.g., delivering software updates), and based on our legitimate interest in making and improving our products and services. We rely solely on your consent if we use your feature and application data to customize our communications with you. We do not share this data unless you use GeForce NOW as an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners. If so, we share your games played and session time with your GeForce Now Alliance partner. If you consent, we collect error or crash data in connection with our products or services. We use error or crash data to find and fix bugs. We rely solely on your consent if we use your error or crash data. We do not share this data unless you use GeForce NOW as an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners. If so, we share error data with your GeForce Now Alliance partner. For Lead Generation and Identity Enrichment We collect your information from publicly or commercially available sources such as attendance at events we sponsor, searches on the public internet, and data enrichment services. This helps us communicate with you more effectively and find others who are interested in our products and services. See More See Less For Lead Generation and Identity Enrichment We collect your information from publicly or commercially available sources such as attendance at events we sponsor, searches on the public internet, and data enrichment services. This helps us communicate with you more effectively and find others who are interested in our products and services. See More See Less If you attend an event we sponsor, we collect from the event organizer information such as your name, email address, business affiliations, phone number, and physical or billing address. We use this data to communicate with you and find individuals and organizations that may be interested in our products and services. If you consent, we may also use this information to send customized communications to you (e.g., emailed recommendations). We process this data based on our legitimate interest in finding and communicating with potential customers. We collect certain personal data from publicly available sources (e.g., the internet) to find individuals and organizations that may be interested in our products or services. The personal data we collect includes names, titles, areas of work, publication or funding histories, mentions of NVIDIA technology, and contact information including emails, phone numbers, and associated organizations or collaborations. We use this data to understand the market for our products and to communicate with potential customers or partners. We process this data based on our legitimate interest in market research and in finding and communicating with potential customers. We collect identity enrichment data from third-party sources such as your name, email, job title, company, associated industries, and social media handles. We combine this data with other information about you to more effectively communicate with you and others, including by customizing online content you view or making recommendations. For Autonomous Vehicle (AV) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research and Development AV and AI technologies require access to large volumes of high-quality data to learn how to perceive, classify, and navigate among people, objects, and scenes. We collect public images and other data through sensors on NVIDIA or partner-identified vehicles and in clearly disclosed public spaces–as well as datasets collected by others–to improve the safety and reliability of our AV and AI models. This data is never associated with any other product or service. See More See Less Type of Data How We Use This Data Legal Basis for Processing Whether We Share This Data Public images, audio-video, and survey data (e.g., lidar / radar data) surrounding our NVIDIA- or partner-identified vehicles. Public images and audio-video in clearly disclosed locations.Publicly available or appropriately licensed datasets containing images, audio-video, or text relating to people, voices, or other personal data or scenes. We use this data to train our AV and AI models to perform safely and reliably, including to accurately classify or generate images, audio, video, or text, or to navigate public roads or other spaces. This data is used exclusively for the purposes of our AV and AI projects and is not used or connected to personal data for our other products and services. We process this data based on our legitimate interest in developing safe and reliable AV and AI models. We sometimes share this data with third-party vendors supporting our technology or with business partners that are also developing AV and AI technology. We require all recipients to strictly abide by this privacy policy including its restrictions on how personal data is used, stored, and shared. For Autonomous Vehicle (AV) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research and Development AV and AI technologies require access to large volumes of high-quality data to learn how to perceive, classify, and navigate among people, objects, and scenes. We collect public images and other data through sensors on NVIDIA or partner-identified vehicles and in clearly disclosed public spaces–as well as datasets collected by others–to improve the safety and reliability of our AV and AI models. This data is never associated with any other product or service. See More See Less For Autonomous Vehicle (AV) and Artificial Intelligence (AI) Research and Development AV and AI technologies require access to large volumes of high-quality data to learn how to perceive, classify, and navigate among people, objects, and scenes. We collect public images and other data through sensors on NVIDIA or partner-identified vehicles and in clearly disclosed public spaces–as well as datasets collected by others–to improve the safety and reliability of our AV and AI models. This data is never associated with any other product or service. See More See Less Type of Data How We Use This Data Legal Basis for Processing Whether We Share This Data Public images, audio-video, and survey data (e.g., lidar / radar data) surrounding our NVIDIA- or partner-identified vehicles. Public images and audio-video in clearly disclosed locations.Publicly available or appropriately licensed datasets containing images, audio-video, or text relating to people, voices, or other personal data or scenes. We use this data to train our AV and AI models to perform safely and reliably, including to accurately classify or generate images, audio, video, or text, or to navigate public roads or other spaces. This data is used exclusively for the purposes of our AV and AI projects and is not used or connected to personal data for our other products and services. We process this data based on our legitimate interest in developing safe and reliable AV and AI models. We sometimes share this data with third-party vendors supporting our technology or with business partners that are also developing AV and AI technology. We require all recipients to strictly abide by this privacy policy including its restrictions on how personal data is used, stored, and shared. Public images, audio-video, and survey data (e.g., lidar / radar data) surrounding our NVIDIA- or partner-identified vehicles. Public images and audio-video in clearly disclosed locations.Publicly available or appropriately licensed datasets containing images, audio-video, or text relating to people, voices, or other personal data or scenes. We use this data to train our AV and AI models to perform safely and reliably, including to accurately classify or generate images, audio, video, or text, or to navigate public roads or other spaces. This data is used exclusively for the purposes of our AV and AI projects and is not used or connected to personal data for our other products and services. We process this data based on our legitimate interest in developing safe and reliable AV and AI models. We sometimes share this data with third-party vendors supporting our technology or with business partners that are also developing AV and AI technology. We require all recipients to strictly abide by this privacy policy including its restrictions on how personal data is used, stored, and shared. NVIDIA does not use, sell, or share “sensitive personal information” as defined by California law. If you’ve consented to receive marketing communications or recommendations, we share hashed details about your identity with third-party ad providers such as Google to serve interest-based ads to you and others. These hashed details may include your name, email, phone number, job title, organizational business affiliations, zip code, country, and social media handles. Your information is shared in hashed form only, which means that your details are irreversibly converted to a fixed-size string of characters such as “0890f456684a70f1a9f1dbcee40c1fe847b76f338581a9a1d9202c76b1c175f4” (which is the SHA-256 hash of “NVIDIA”). Sharing information in hashed form means that third-party ad providers can only identify you if they already have the information we have shared and have hashed it themselves to match the hashed version we are sharing. Sharing information in hashed form is a way of identifying information that both parties have without sharing the information itself. How to Set Up and Use an Opt-Out Preference Signal NVIDIA websites detect and respond to Global Privacy Control signals by disabling all Performance and Advertising cookies. If you have consented to marketing communications or recommendations you will need to log into our Privacy Center to disable sharing with third party advertisers. To enable this signal, download and use a browser or browser extension that supports the Global Privacy Control. NVIDIA websites detect and respond to Global Privacy Control signals by disabling all Performance and Advertising cookies. If you have consented to marketing communications or recommendations you will need to log into our Privacy Center to disable sharing with third party advertisers. To enable this signal, download and use a browser or browser extension that supports the Global Privacy Control. Children’s Privacy Policy We take special care to protect the privacy of children, and our products and services are not targeted for use by children under the age of 13. We don’t collect data from children under the age of 13. We also don’t collect data if the collection would require parental consent in the relevant jurisdiction. We do not share any data of children under the age of 18 unless sharing is necessary for service functionality. For example, if a user is already an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners, we share the user’s operating system version, network type, games played, session time, ratings and feedback, error data, and a masked version of the user’s IP address with that GeForce NOW Alliance Partner to enable that service’s functionality. We employ reasonable technological safeguards to comply with local laws, and to prevent underage children from accessing areas of our services where personal information may be collected. For example, underage children are not allowed to participate in our user-to-user forums, subscribe to an email newsletter, or enter any of our sweepstakes or contests. Please contact us if you become aware that your child has provided us with personal data without your consent. We take special care to protect the privacy of children, and our products and services are not targeted for use by children under the age of 13. We don’t collect data from children under the age of 13. We also don’t collect data if the collection would require parental consent in the relevant jurisdiction. We do not share any data of children under the age of 18 unless sharing is necessary for service functionality. For example, if a user is already an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners, we share the user’s operating system version, network type, games played, session time, ratings and feedback, error data, and a masked version of the user’s IP address with that GeForce NOW Alliance Partner to enable that service’s functionality. We employ reasonable technological safeguards to comply with local laws, and to prevent underage children from accessing areas of our services where personal information may be collected. For example, underage children are not allowed to participate in our user-to-user forums, subscribe to an email newsletter, or enter any of our sweepstakes or contests. Please contact us if you become aware that your child has provided us with personal data without your consent. We take special care to protect the privacy of children, and our products and services are not targeted for use by children under the age of 13. We don’t collect data from children under the age of 13. We also don’t collect data if the collection would require parental consent in the relevant jurisdiction. We do not share any data of children under the age of 18 unless sharing is necessary for service functionality. For example, if a user is already an account holder with one of our GeForce NOW Alliance partners, we share the user’s operating system version, network type, games played, session time, ratings and feedback, error data, and a masked version of the user’s IP address with that GeForce NOW Alliance Partner to enable that service’s functionality. We employ reasonable technological safeguards to comply with local laws, and to prevent underage children from accessing areas of our services where personal information may be collected. For example, underage children are not allowed to participate in our user-to-user forums, subscribe to an email newsletter, or enter any of our sweepstakes or contests. Please contact us if you become aware that your child has provided us with personal data without your consent. We retain your personal data for as long as our engagement with you continues (e.g., emails, website visits, logins, or event attendance). We erase customer and enterprise personal data if there has been no engagement with you for more than five years. If you have any questions, wish to contact an NVIDIA data protection officer in a specified region, or if you’re an Authorized Agent seeking to make a request on behalf of a consumer under California’s Consumer Privacy Act, please contact our Data Privacy Team. Visit NVIDIA Privacy Center