Toggle navigation Book a 15 min call We are shopify partner  Hire Us View More How we can help you build your store! Shopify is by far the most reliable, intuitive, and accessible e-commerce platform on the planet. Our creative team has an appetite for innovation, with a mission to craft artful, practical applications of vanguard technology for our clients. We believe in coming up with original ideas and turning them into digital work that is both innovative and interactive. We’re devoted to providing you with a quality experience from start to finish without cutting corners.. Shopify store setup Setting up theme, apps and products. All you need to start selling. Theme design & develope Research, Design, Prototypes, Tests, Development and Implementation. Ongoing support Small changes, consultation, analytics and guidance. How we can help you build your store! Shopify is by far the most reliable, intuitive, and accessible e-commerce platform on the planet. Our creative team has an appetite for innovation, with a mission to craft artful, practical applications of vanguard technology for our clients. We believe in coming up with original ideas and turning them into digital work that is both innovative and interactive. We’re devoted to providing you with a quality experience from start to finish without cutting corners.. Shopify is by far the most reliable, intuitive, and accessible e-commerce platform on the planet. Our creative team has an appetite for innovation, with a mission to craft artful, practical applications of vanguard technology for our clients. We believe in coming up with original ideas and turning them into digital work that is both innovative and interactive. We’re devoted to providing you with a quality experience from start to finish without cutting corners.. Shopify store setup Setting up theme, apps and products. All you need to start selling. Theme design & develope Research, Design, Prototypes, Tests, Development and Implementation. Ongoing support Small changes, consultation, analytics and guidance. Shopify store setup Setting up theme, apps and products. All you need to start selling. Setting up theme, apps and products. All you need to start selling. Theme design & develope Research, Design, Prototypes, Tests, Development and Implementation. Research, Design, Prototypes, Tests, Development and Implementation. Ongoing support Small changes, consultation, analytics and guidance. Small changes, consultation, analytics and guidance. Your brand, Your way Our fully in-house team develop functional and beautiful stores, characterised by meticulous attention to detail. Allied with effective multi-channel marketing solutions, we help our clients drive results. Our fully in-house team develop functional and beautiful stores, characterised by meticulous attention to detail. Allied with effective multi-channel marketing solutions, we help our clients drive results. Word Of Mouth “My experience while working with BrainX was nothing less than amazing. ,, James Li BestMobileCoins “My experience while working with BrainX was nothing less than amazing. ,, “ ,, Word Of Mouth “Reliable and Awesome to work with! ,, Aaron Abraham RoyalExodus “Reliable and Awesome to work with! ,, Word Of Mouth “BrainX team did a great job and was very fast to respond to everything... ,, Justin Grant Grab Your Toy “BrainX team did a great job and was very fast to respond to everything... ,, Learn how we can help your business grow and take it to the next level! Starting Up Everything you need to get your business off the ground. $550 Theme customisation By designer (logo, colors, typography, brand). Introduction call & support Figure out what you need and where to cut out costs. Support on setting up Organizing products, setting up payments and shipping, installing apps. Growing Business Take your business to the next level. $3690 Starting up included By designer (logo, colors, typography, brand). Unique design (theme) From scratch to working mobile, tablet and desktop theme. Individual Support Everything you need to get your business off the ground. $55 Product import Product import from old e-commerce or another feeds. Advanced Analytics Know your customers, what they do and how they act. Consultation – talk Sometimes you just need to ask. Starting Up Everything you need to get your business off the ground. $550 Theme customisation By designer (logo, colors, typography, brand). Introduction call & support Figure out what you need and where to cut out costs. Support on setting up Organizing products, setting up payments and shipping, installing apps. Starting Up Everything you need to get your business off the ground. $550 Everything you need to get your business off the ground. $550 Theme customisation By designer (logo, colors, typography, brand). By designer (logo, colors, typography, brand). Introduction call & support Figure out what you need and where to cut out costs. Figure out what you need and where to cut out costs. Support on setting up Organizing products, setting up payments and shipping, installing apps. Organizing products, setting up payments and shipping, installing apps. Growing Business Take your business to the next level. $3690 Starting up included By designer (logo, colors, typography, brand). Unique design (theme) From scratch to working mobile, tablet and desktop theme. Growing Business Take your business to the next level. $3690 Take your business to the next level. $3690 Starting up included By designer (logo, colors, typography, brand). Unique design (theme) From scratch to working mobile, tablet and desktop theme. From scratch to working mobile, tablet and desktop theme. Individual Support Everything you need to get your business off the ground. $55 Product import Product import from old e-commerce or another feeds. Advanced Analytics Know your customers, what they do and how they act. Consultation – talk Sometimes you just need to ask. Individual Support Everything you need to get your business off the ground. $55 $55 Product import Product import from old e-commerce or another feeds. Product import from old e-commerce or another feeds. Advanced Analytics Know your customers, what they do and how they act. Know your customers, what they do and how they act. Consultation – talk Sometimes you just need to ask. Sometimes you just need to ask. Manage a success of your business with experts. We are dedicated to the delivery of excellence for our clients. Trusted by brands worldwide