Toggle mobile menu Degrees & ProgramsNew New Boot Camps Search for courses and programs LearnSubmit your search querySubmit your search query Learn Submit your search query Explore the Career resources resources Last updated June 15, 2023 Other courses and programs are viewable on the edX Site but are provided by educational institutions, corporate, and non-profit partners that are not Members and/or are offered in partnership with 2U. Signing up to receive more information about, enrolling in, or participating in these courses or programs may take place on third-party sites (or, in some cases, sites operated by 2U) that are not subject to this Privacy Policy. The privacy policies explaining how your Personal Information (as defined below) will be collected, used, and disclosed when you enroll and participate in those courses and programs, and your rights over your Personal Information, will be made available to you when you visit the relevant site, begin the enrollment process, or start the course or program, as applicable. Signing up to receive more information about, enrolling in, or participating in these courses or programs may take place on third-party sites (or, in some cases, sites operated by 2U) that are not subject to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes how edX collects, uses, and shares your Personal Information when you interact with the edX Site or when someone interacts with the site on your behalf (e.g., the Learning & Development administrator for the institution sponsoring your enrollment). The term “Personal Information” (as used throughout this Privacy Policy) is information that relates to an individual who can be directly or indirectly identified. This Privacy Policy also describes how edX uses your Personal Information when you interact with edX on certain other sites (e.g., on social media sites). Finally, it describes how Members collect, use, and share your Personal Information when you enroll in courses offered by those Members on the edX Site. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not access, browse, or create an account on the edX Site, enroll in any courses, or complete any form requesting additional information about offerings on the edX Site. Any version of this Privacy Policy in a language other than English is provided for convenience, and the English language version is the authoritative version if there is any conflict. edX uses information, including Personal Information, to carry out the following purposes: Operate and improve the edX Site Create, administer, provide, and teach courses Offer and improve products and services Develop and maintain the security and performance of the edX Site Communicate with you Promote courses and programs Support scientific research including, for example, in the areas of cognitive science and education Track edX Site usage against goals and mission Exercise, enforce, and comply with legal rights and obligations edX may also seek your consent for additional uses of information, including Personal Information, and in such cases will use your Personal Information only for the purpose described to you. All use of Personal Information is subject to applicable law. edX shares the information we collect about you, including Personal Information, with other entities or individuals in the following circumstances: With Members With service providers, contractors, and other third parties that help carry out the uses described above With other learners in courses that you take and with other visitors to the edX Site, to create an interactive learning environment, support class participation, and share course information With employers, government programs, institutions, or other enterprises that sponsor your enrollment in a course for training or other educational purposes With affiliates of edX, including 2U For legal or safety reasons To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or other technical issues Pursuant to a sale or transfer of business or assets edX may also seek your consent for additional disclosures of information, including Personal Information, and will share it only as described to you or as described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, edX may de-identify or aggregate your Personal Information and share it with the public and with third parties, including, but not limited to, researchers and business partners. HOW MEMBERS COLLECT, USE AND SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONMembers receive your Personal Information after you enroll in a course or program offered by that Member or otherwise with your express consent. If you enroll in a course, the Member that offers that course will receive Personal Information from your edX account profile. During your participation in a course, the Member that offers that course will receive the information that edX collects about your activity and performance in that course.Members use your Personal Information for the following purposes:Create, administer, provide, and teach courses;Offer and improve products and services;Communicate with you;Promote courses and programs;Support scientific research including, for example, in the areas of cognitive science and education; andExercise, enforce, and comply with legal rights and obligations.Members share your Personal Information in the following ways:With service providers, contractors, and other third parties;With other learners in courses that you take and with other visitors to the edX Site, to create an interactive learning environment, support class participation, and share course information;With their affiliates;For legal or safety reasons;To detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or other technical issues; andPursuant to a sale or transfer of business or assets.Members may also seek your consent for additional use or sharing of information, including Personal Information, and will use/share it only for the purpose described to you. All use and sharing of Personal Information is subject to applicable law. Members may de-identify or aggregate your Personal Information and share it with the public and with third parties, including but not limited to researchers and business partners. Members receive your Personal Information after you enroll in a course or program offered by that Member or otherwise with your express consent. If you enroll in a course, the Member that offers that course will receive Personal Information from your edX account profile. During your participation in a course, the Member that offers that course will receive the information that edX collects about your activity and performance in that course. Members use your Personal Information for the following purposes: Members share your Personal Information in the following ways: Members may also seek your consent for additional use or sharing of information, including Personal Information, and will use/share it only for the purpose described to you. All use and sharing of Personal Information is subject to applicable law. Members may de-identify or aggregate your Personal Information and share it with the public and with third parties, including but not limited to researchers and business partners. If you have requested information about and/or enrolled in courses or programs offered on third-party sites or by providers that are not Members, including courses or programs offered by 2U, the privacy policies relevant to those courses or programs describe how to exercise your rights over your Personal Information. Much of your Personal Information is available in your edX account. Your name, email address, and other identifiable profile information is editable through your edX Account Settings except as noted below. Your account dashboard lists all current and archived courses in which you have enrolled and includes links to any Certificates you may have earned. You may download copies of your earned Certificates directly from your edX account. Please contact edX learner support to request any corrections to your Personal Information. Please note that usernames cannot be changed. This is an edX system restriction. Because usernames identify you in courses and elsewhere on the edX Site, edX encourages you to use discretion in choosing your username. If you want to protect your identity, do not use your real name or a name identifiable to you as your username. Also, edX does not track or index every time or every place on the edX Site when or where a learner may volunteer Personal Information, so neither edX nor Members will be able to help you locate or manage all such instances. edX encourages you to use discretion before volunteering Personal Information on the edX Site. You may object to, or request that edX or a Member cease, use of your Personal Information for other purposes by contacting the edX learner support team. Please note that if you choose to restrict edX’s or a Member’s ability to process Personal Information, and the processing is otherwise required to provide you with various services and products offered on the edX Site, you may not be able to establish an edX user account or enroll in a course, and edX or a Member may not be able to provide you with those services or products. To request deletion of your edX account and Personal Information, you should click the button labeled “Delete my account” in your edX account settings. Because this is a permanent action and cannot be reversed, edX may ask you to complete an authentication process that aims to confirm your authority to manage the edX account affected by your request. With respect to your edX account, edX will permanently: With respect to your Personal Information, edX will permanently remove your edX account profile Personal Information from the edX Site. As noted above, to the extent that edX associates the information that edX collects directly or indirectly with an individual (for example, you), the association is based on Personal Information in your edX account profile. By erasing the Personal Information in your edX account profile, the remaining information about your activity on the edX Site will no longer be associated with you. These changes will be applied to data stores that are used for operation of the edX Site including course administration by Members. If you enrolled in any courses or programs on the edX Site, edX will share your request for deletion with the Member(s) that offered those courses or programs. We retain some data for a further period for the purposes described in Section VI.D below. We also do not track or index every time or every place on the edX Site when or where a learner may volunteer Personal Information, so neither edX nor Members will be able to help you locate or manage all such instances. edX encourages you to think carefully before voluntarily sharing Personal Information on the edX Site. edX will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to: provide you with services you have requested; maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting, audit, and compliance purposes; or comply with edX’s legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise permitted by applicable law. If you enroll in a Member’s course, such Member will also retain your Personal Information for as long as needed to provide you with services you have requested; to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting, audit, and compliance purposes; and to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce its agreements, and as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Upon your request that edX deactivate your account and delete your information, edX will, within 30 days of your request, follow the process described in Section VI.C above, including, without limitation, archiving your course data (in a manner and to the extent permitted under applicable law) to serve its mission to enable scientific research on cognitive science and education. These archives will be used to produce encrypted research data packages for Members, and each such Member may also keep and use course data for scientific research. Categories of Personal Information that We Collect and Disclose As required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), below are the categories of Personal Information about California consumers that we collect and disclose for a business purpose. We collect and disclose for a business purpose the following categories of Personal Information: Contact Information and Identifiers, Commercial Information, Customer Records, Usage Data, Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information, Biometric information, Employment History, Education Information, Protected Classifications, Inferences Categories of Sources of Personal Information Purposes for Collecting and Disclosing Personal Information We collect and disclose the Personal Information identified above for the following purposes: edX may also seek your consent for additional uses of information, including Personal Information. Categories of Third Parties to Which Personal Information is Disclosed We disclose the categories of Personal Information identified above to the following categories of third parties: In some cases, we disclose Identifiers and Usage Data to business partners in order to deliver ads that are more relevant to you and to measure and report on the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. Under the CCPA, some of these data disclosures may be broadly considered a “sale” of information or “sharing” of information for cross-context behavioral advertising, even though these activities do not fit what most people would understand “sale” or “sharing” to mean. Except for these types of disclosures, we do not sell or share your information. To opt out of the sale of your Personal Information or the sharing of your Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising, please visit Your Privacy Choices, also linked at the bottom of each page on the edX Site. Data Retention Periods edX will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to: provide you with services you have requested; maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting, audit, and compliance purposes; or comply with edX’s legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Upon your request that edX deactivate your account and delete your information, edX will, within 30 days of your request, follow the process described in Section VI.C above, including, without limitation, archiving your course data (in a manner and to the extent permitted under applicable law) to serve its mission to enable scientific research on cognitive science and education. These archives will be used to produce encrypted research data packages for Members, and each such Member may also keep and use course data for scientific research. California Consumer Rights California law gives California consumers the right to make the following requests: If you implement browser-based opt-out preference signals, edX will opt you out of the sale of your Personal Information and sharing of your Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising. You can enable these signals through your browser settings for browsers that offer them. Please refer to your browser for additional information and instructions. You may authorize another person (your “authorized agent”) to submit a request on your behalf through the methods described above. Your authorized agent should submit proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and directly confirm that you have provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your CCPA privacy rights, subject to certain limitations. We do not discriminate if you exercise your rights under the CCPA. edX does not use or disclose your sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than those set forth in the CCPA. California’s Shine the Light Law. STORAGE & SECURITYedX stores information, including Personal Information, on its own servers and on servers of companies that edX hires to provide services. Each Member also stores information, including Personal Information, on its own servers and/or on servers of companies that the Member hires to provide services. In each case, information may be stored in the United States and in other countries where edX or a Member operates, and in countries where edX and each Member’s respective service providers operate. If you are in the European Union, Switzerland, or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, you acknowledge that edX and each Member may transfer, process and store your Personal Information in the United States and other countries, the privacy laws of which may be considered less strict than those of your region.edX controls its own copy of information collected through the edX Site and has an information security program designed to protect information in its possession or control. This is done through a variety of privacy and security policies, processes, and procedures. edX uses administrative, physical, and technical safeguards that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the information that it collects, receives, stores, or transmits. Nonetheless, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure; and therefore, edX cannot guarantee its absolute security. While edX works hard to ensure the integrity and security of its network and systems, edX cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent unauthorized persons from illegally accessing or obtaining information.If edX learns of a security breach involving its copy of your Personal Information, edX may attempt to notify you electronically so that you may take appropriate protective steps. By using the edX Site or providing Personal Information to edX, you agree that edX can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the edX Site. If a security systems breach occurs, edX may post a notice on the edX homepage (www.edx.org) or elsewhere on the edX Site and may send an email to you at the email address associated with your edX account. Depending on where you are located, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach, involving your Personal Information, in writing.If a Member learns of a security breach involving that Member’s copy of your Personal Information, the Member may attempt to notify you electronically so that you may take appropriate protective steps. By enrolling in a Member’s course on the edX Site or providing Personal Information to the Member, you agree that the Member can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your course enrollment and participation. If a security systems breach occurs, the affected Member may post a notice on the edX site and/or send an email to you at the email address associated with your enrollment in the Member’s course on the edX Site. Depending on where you are located, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach, involving your Personal Information, in writing. edX stores information, including Personal Information, on its own servers and on servers of companies that edX hires to provide services. Each Member also stores information, including Personal Information, on its own servers and/or on servers of companies that the Member hires to provide services. In each case, information may be stored in the United States and in other countries where edX or a Member operates, and in countries where edX and each Member’s respective service providers operate. If you are in the European Union, Switzerland, or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, you acknowledge that edX and each Member may transfer, process and store your Personal Information in the United States and other countries, the privacy laws of which may be considered less strict than those of your region. edX controls its own copy of information collected through the edX Site and has an information security program designed to protect information in its possession or control. This is done through a variety of privacy and security policies, processes, and procedures. edX uses administrative, physical, and technical safeguards that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the information that it collects, receives, stores, or transmits. Nonetheless, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure; and therefore, edX cannot guarantee its absolute security. While edX works hard to ensure the integrity and security of its network and systems, edX cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent unauthorized persons from illegally accessing or obtaining information. If edX learns of a security breach involving its copy of your Personal Information, edX may attempt to notify you electronically so that you may take appropriate protective steps. By using the edX Site or providing Personal Information to edX, you agree that edX can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the edX Site. If a security systems breach occurs, edX may post a notice on the edX homepage (www.edx.org) or elsewhere on the edX Site and may send an email to you at the email address associated with your edX account. Depending on where you are located, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach, involving your Personal Information, in writing. If a Member learns of a security breach involving that Member’s copy of your Personal Information, the Member may attempt to notify you electronically so that you may take appropriate protective steps. By enrolling in a Member’s course on the edX Site or providing Personal Information to the Member, you agree that the Member can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your course enrollment and participation. If a security systems breach occurs, the affected Member may post a notice on the edX site and/or send an email to you at the email address associated with your enrollment in the Member’s course on the edX Site. Depending on where you are located, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach, involving your Personal Information, in writing. PRIVACY POLICY UPDATESThis Privacy Policy will be reviewed and updated from time to time. When we do make material changes, we will give notice via the edX Site or by otherwise notifying you. The Privacy Policy will include a “Last Updated” date indicating that you should review the new terms, which will be effective immediately upon posting on this page. By accessing the edX Site after any changes have been made, you accept the modified Privacy Policy and any changes contained therein. In case you miss the notification referenced above, be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy will be reviewed and updated from time to time. When we do make material changes, we will give notice via the edX Site or by otherwise notifying you. The Privacy Policy will include a “Last Updated” date indicating that you should review the new terms, which will be effective immediately upon posting on this page. By accessing the edX Site after any changes have been made, you accept the modified Privacy Policy and any changes contained therein. In case you miss the notification referenced above, be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Policy. Depending on your location, you also may have the right to file a complaint with the data protection regulatory authority in the country where you reside. Like edX on Facebook Follow edX on Twitter Follow edX on LinkedIn Subscribe to the edX subreddit Choose LanguageEnglishespañolApply EnglishespañolApply