 Games & Quizzes Shop Books Merch Settings My Words Recents Account More Join MWU Username Est. 1828 Privacy Policy Updated: November 10, 2021 Effective: November 10, 2021* *Updates include: Information about our third-party advertising service provider, CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia *Updates include: Information about our third-party advertising service provider, CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia Your privacy is important to us. We understand that you are aware of and care about your privacy rights, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Policy sets forth your privacy rights and applies to personal data we may collect: We recognize that information privacy is an ongoing responsibility, and so we will from time to time update this Privacy Policy as we undertake new personal data practices or adopt new privacy policies. Merriam-Webster protects the identity of visitors to the Services by limiting the collection of personally identifiable information. Personal information provided by you to us will not be posted or published by us for viewing by third parties. In most cases, the information you provide is limited to first name, last name, email address, city, state, age, and phone number. We use this information to provide you with goods and services, including subscription services, publications, and the like. We do not sell personal information to anyone and only share it with third parties who are facilitating the delivery of our Services as provided in this Privacy Policy. You can enjoy many of our Services and their unique features without giving us your personal information. For specific promotions, sweepstakes and contests sponsored or co-sponsored by us, and to access certain features, such as the ‘save your words' feature, we collect information voluntarily submitted by you to us to deliver the requested feature that may include (but not be limited to) your name, email address, city, state, and age. You may edit this information at any time to change, add or remove it from our Services. If you choose to provide us with your email address or other personal information, you also may receive the following types of emails from us: We may occasionally conduct online surveys. All surveys are voluntary, and you may decline to participate. As explained above, Merriam-Webster processes your data to provide you with the products and services you have requested or purchased from us, including special features, subscriptions, newsletters, and other content. Sometimes we use third-party providers or work with co-sponsors to facilitate the delivery of the services or special features described above, and these third-party providers may be supplied with or have access to your personal information for the sole purpose of providing services to you on our behalf, such as Word of the Day or delivering the special feature. Also, we may disclose your personal information in special legal circumstances. For instance, such information may be used where it is necessary to protect our copyright or intellectual property rights, or if the law requires us to do so. To carry out these activities, Merriam-Webster may rely on many legal bases to process your personal data, including where: We also use your data for legitimate business purposes that enable us to refine our products and services to better tailor them to your needs, communicate with you about other products and services offered by Merriam-Webster, secure your personal data, or comply with regulatory and legal obligations. You may choose to purchase goods or services from Merriam-Webster using a payment card. Typically, payment card information is provided directly by users, via the Services, into the PCI/DSS-compliant payment processing service to which the Merriam-Webster subscribes, and Merriam-Webster does not, itself, process or store your card information. We strongly encourage you not to submit this information by email. When Merriam-Webster employees receive payment card information from users by email, fax, phone, or mail, it is entered as instructed and then deleted or destroyed. You may find advertising or other content on the Services that link to websites, apps, products, or services belonging to our third-party partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties, or offer content, functionality, or apps developed and maintained by third parties not controlled by Merriam-Webster. These third-party linked websites, apps, products, services and advertisements may use automated means to collect information about you and your use of these features. Merriam-Webster provides these links solely as a convenience to you. Merriam-Webster does not control and is not responsible for the practices employed by websites, apps, products, services, or advertisements linked to or from the Services. Therefore, Merriam-Webster disclaims liability for any information, materials, products or services offered at any third-party website linked to or from the Services. Such third-party websites, apps, products, or services may have terms and conditions (as well as privacy policies) that are different from those set forth here. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the activities of Merriam-Webster’s third-party sponsors, advertisers, and other partners that may collect your user information while you access or use such third party’s services in connection with your use of the Services (e.g. social media and sharing services). Merriam-Webster is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third-party linked services once you leave the Services, click an advertisement or sign up for a special offer. We encourage you to read and review the privacy statement of each third-party service that you may choose to use and we urge all users of our Services to follow safe internet practices: Once you leave the Merriam-Webster Services, do not supply personal data to these third-party linked services unless you have verified their security and privacy policies. Like other commercial websites, Merriam-Webster and our authorized partners use cookies (small files transferred from a website to its users' hard drives or browsers for record-keeping purposes), including strictly necessary, performance, functional, and personalization cookies, software logs, and other similar information gathering technologies throughout our Services to collect certain information automatically and store it in log files to monitor the use of the Services, gather non-personal informational about our users, and for a variety of other legitimate business interests and purposes. This information may include (but is not limited to) internet protocol (IP) addresses, mobile device identifiers, the region or general location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type (for example, Firefox or Internet Explorer), operating system (for instance, Windows or Macintosh), your internet provider (for example, Comcast), and other usage information about your use of our Services, including a history of the pages you view. We may work with DigiTrust to set a cookie (DigiTrust Cookie) in your browser to enable us to collect web-viewing data that includes visits to a Merriam-Webster service and other non-affiliated websites over time. We also may work with third-party analytics providers, ad networks, and advertisers in order to track your online activities over time and across third party websites, apps and devices, by obtaining information through the automated means (including cookies) mentioned above. The information received by us through these automated methods may include (but is not limited to) information about your activities across unrelated websites and mobile applications, information about the possible relationships between different browsers and devices, information that we receive from our third-party service providers, demographic data, information from social media providers, and information about your interests. We may add this information to the data we have already collected through our Services. On the basis of legitimate interests, we use this information (or combined information) to help us design our Services to better suit our users' needs, to provide and improve our Services, for identification verification, to provide support, for statistical and market research purposes to tailor content to usage patterns, for analytic purposes through tools such as Google Analytics, and to personalize your experience by presenting content, products, and offers tailored to you. This information, along with other information we gather when you login, also can be used to understand use across websites and devices to further improve our Services, and show you advertisements on the Services or other third-party websites and apps that may be tailored to your individual interests and enable us to offer the Services to you free of charge. We also may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Services, analyze trends, track user movements and gather broad demographic information that assists us in identifying user preferences. We use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest reporting, which is a Google Analytics Advertiser feature that collects and stores standard internet log and user information on our behalf and gathers information about what pages you visit, how long you are on our sites, how you got here, and what you click on during your visit. This Google Analytics data is not tied to personal information, so this information cannot be used to identify who you are. For our legitimate business interests, we use the data provided by Google Analytics Demographics and Interest reports to develop our services and content around our user demographics, interests, and behavior on our Services. We may provide anonymous aggregated data may to other companies we do business with for statistical purposes. You can control the use of your personal data by IX and LiveRamp as follows: Some advertising networks require that we specifically list their opt-out links below. When you opt-out of a network, you may receive an "opt-out" cookie so that the network will know not to assign you new cookies in the future. Please know: You also can opt-out of interest-based, behavioral advertisements on the Services by Merriam-Webster (and other companies employing online advertising) via the following options: When you visit a website in any browser, you automatically share information with that website, such as your IP address, and other standard PC information. If the website contains content provided by a third-party website (for example a web measurement tools such as a web beacon or scripts), some information about you may be automatically sent to the content provider. This type of arrangement has several benefits, such as allowing you to access third-party content from our Services conveniently. Some internet browsers or other tools include “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that, when turned on, send a signal to websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked across websites over time. However, since no technology standard for DNT signals has been developed or adopted to date, Merriam-Webster does not currently respond to DNT signals. A note to minors: Puku is owned and operated by Merriam-Webster, Incorporated. By accessing and using Puku, you confirm that you accept Puku's and our collection, use, and sharing of your data in the manner provided herein. We will not collect, use, or share your information with anyone except as described in this Puku Privacy Notice. Puku can be downloaded and the free content can be used without requiring a user to subscribe or provide any personal data beyond the usage and analytics data that is necessary to support our internal operations. We may send alerts or notifications to your device as part of the usage and features of Puku. These may include prompts or reminders that notify you on your device of details about your child's use of Puku. Also, your child may use Puku to share word lists created by them with others, including friends and teachers, but this information is not collected or used by us. Puku requests that your child create a unique username and provide their age, however, this information is stored locally in Puku on your device and is not used, collected, accessed, or stored by us. Any information you provide or we collect automatically through yours or your child's use of Puku is used to enable us to deliver Puku to you and your child as described, and as otherwise provided below. We never rent or sell yours or your child's information. We receive and store personal information a parent or guardian knowingly provides to us. This information may include a parent or guardian's email address and other personal information. You can choose not to provide us with certain personal information, but then you and your child may not be able to take advantage of some of Puku's subscription features. We use the personal and non-personal information we collect from you or automatically through yours or your child's use of Puku to improve both Puku and our internal operations, and we do not allow sharing of your personal information with third parties and their products or services, except as described herein. Specifically, we use this information to: Google Ads conversion tracking. Google Ads conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google that connects data from the Google Ads advertising network with actions performed in connection with Puku. Personal data that may be collected by Google Ads conversion tracking includes usage data. Any personally identifiable information collected through this site is stored on limited-access servers. We maintain safeguards to protect these servers and the information they store. Also, to help protect the privacy of data and personally identifiable information you transmit through the use of our Services, we maintain physical, technical and administrative safeguards. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We strive to restrict access to your personal data to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we strive to educate all of our employees about the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. Merriam-Webster's headquarters are in the United States. Information we collect from you will be processed in the United States and may be stored, transferred to, and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. These countries may be outside your country of residence, including the United States, and may have different data protection laws than your country. The EU GDPR and other countries' privacy laws provide certain rights for data subjects. A good explanation of them (in English) is available on the website of the United Kingdom's Information Commissioner's Office. Merriam-Webster is headquartered in Springfield, Massachusetts USA. Merriam-Webster has appointed an EU representative and data protection officer for you to contact if you have any questions or concerns about Merriam-Webster's personal data policies or practices. Our EU representative's contact information is: Our data protection officer's name and contact information are: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Merriam-Webster or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets and will remain subject to our Privacy Policy. By using the Services, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Merriam-Webster Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please take a look at the Effective Date at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Amended terms that materially impact or modify your privacy rights take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the site. Your continued use of any of the Services following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. Subscribe to America's largest dictionary and get thousands more definitions and advanced search—ad free! See All Play Take the quiz Learn a new word every day. Delivered to your inbox! © 2023 Merriam-Webster, Incorporated