Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes.. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. This service can license user content to third parties. The court of law governing the terms is in location Delaware, USA. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $ 1,000. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts.. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future . This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The service informs users about the risk of publishing personal info online. The service has a no refund policy. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. Indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. You waive your right to a class action.. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. This service is only available to users over 16 years of age. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. Prohibits public posting of private messages. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service.. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed