The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. There is a date of the last update of the terms. The court of law governing the terms is in location New York, USA. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future . Per the service's terms, users may not express negative opinions about them. Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts.. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. They may stop providing the service at any time. Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account. You waive your right to a class action in some circumstances. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service