Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used to improve the website. Make a donation Bitcoin.org needs your support! Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used to improve the website. Make a donation Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used to improve the website. ×  $5.00 (... BTC) $25.00 (... BTC) $50.00 (... BTC) (... BTC) Bahasa Indonesia Català Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Magyar Nederlands Polski Português Brasil Română Slovenščina Srpski Svenska Türkçe Ελληνικά български Русский Українська Հայերեն العربية فارسی עברית हिन्दी 한국어 ខ្មែរ 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 Language: en Language: en en Privacy Policy This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our site (https://bitcoin.org). We use your personal information to better understand your usage of the site, and to collect traffic statistics. By using the site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address (with replaced last byte), browser type, browser version, the pages of our site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site. We use cookies for the following purposes: We use a third-party JavaScript plug-in provided by Google called "Google Analytics" to provide us with useful traffic statistics and to better understand how you use our site. We do not have direct access to the information obtained from Google Analytics, but Google provides us with a summary through their dashboard. We may share the information obtained from Google Analytics with business partners who are interested in advertising on our website. The information shared with these business partners will not contain any personally identifying information (Google does not provide us with direct access to the data and therefore we cannot see this information). We may update this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on the Site. You are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes. This Privacy Policy was last updated: 5th July, 2016. [email protected]