League of Legends N Gigs Desktop Teamfight Tactics Valorant PUBG OVERWATCH2 Esports TALK Duo zendeskContact UsAsk GPT Contact Us Theme Button en_USEnglish한국어日本語język polskifrançaisDeutschespañolNederlandsdanskSvenskaNorskрусский языкmagyarsuomiTürkçelimba românăportuguês简体中文繁體中文العربيةсрпски језикitalianoไทยTiếng ViệtEnglish en_USEnglish한국어日本語język polskifrançaisDeutschespañolNederlandsdanskSvenskaNorskрусский языкmagyarsuomiTürkçelimba românăportuguês简体中文繁體中文العربيةсрпски језикitalianoไทยTiếng Việt English euwNAEUWEUNEOCEKRJPBRLASLANRUTRSGPHTWVNTHEUWSearchGame Name +#EUW.GG euwNAEUWEUNEOCEKRJPBRLASLANRUTRSGPHTWVNTHEUW euwNAEUWEUNEOCEKRJPBRLASLANRUTRSGPHTWVNTH EUW SearchGame Name +#EUW Game Name + #EUW Home Champions Game Mode ArenaN Stats Leaderboards Pro Matches Multi-Search 13.24 Privacy Policy Terms of Use In principle, these Services may be provided to users who are subject to the privacy laws of the Korea, the European Union, and the California, USA. Effective as of: 2023. 11. 8. We value your privacy. Please read the following carefully to understand our Privacy Policy (“Policy”) regarding use of our websites and the Applications (Subparagraph below, collectively, the “Sites”) and the services provided through our Sites (“Services”). This Policy describes the personal information we collect from users of the Sites and Services and how we use and share such information. If you use our Sites and Services, you agree to the use of your personal information under this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use our Sites or Services.The Sites and Services are operated by OPGG Inc. (“we”, “us” or “our”). This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. Please note is subject to change and such changes to this Policy will be posted on the Sites and be effective immediately upon posting. However, in the case of changes that may affect you or in the case of significant changes, a period of 30 days will be provided before the changes take effect. Therefore, it is important that you review the Policy periodically. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices, we will provide you with notice of such change (and will endeavor to do so in advance of its effectiveness) by highlighting the change on our Sites or, if you have an account with us, by providing notice to the email address associated with your account (for this reason you should make sure to update your account information promptly if it changes, by logging into your account and changing your user profile settings). Information We Collect Directly From You. We respect your concerns regarding privacy. Our Sites and Services do not collect personally identifiable information about you unless you expressly provide such information. We may collect personal information in the following instances: Information We Collect About Gameplay. We collect information from your game sessions, such as kills, death, golds earned, experience points earned, and damages dealt to opponents from your profile. Such in-game data is directly provided to us by publishers, such as Riot Games, PUBG Corp, Nimble Neuron and Blizzard. We may reprocess this data and provide additional information such as most played characters and their performance. Information We Collect Automatically. We may automatically collect the following information about your use of our Sites or Services through cookies and other technologies: your domain name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; your MAC address; your mobile device ID; your ADID(Advertising ID) and IDFA(ID for Advertisers); your Service usage and history; the length of time you visit our Sites or Services; and the referring URL, or the webpage that led you to our Sites or it includes, but is not limited to, etc.(Hereinafter, 'Automatically Collected Information') We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your E-mail Address. Please see the section “Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” below for more information. We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes: We and our third party service providers may combine the Automatically Collected Information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf): Automatically Collected Information. If the above personal information we collect is used outside of the above purpose or there is additional personal information to collect other than the above personal information, we will notify you and obtain your consent separately. We may share your information, including personal information, as follows: We retain information for our customers who have entered their data onto our website for only as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. Unless we are actively using your personal information as indicated above, we will delete your personal information after 1 years. In addition, we may retain information from closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain about you will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may access, update, alter, or delete your user profile and account information by logging into your account and updating your profile settings. We and our third party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Sites and Services. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf). You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies), but such disabling will impair use of the Sites and Service. Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Sites and Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Sites and Services. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies. We do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third-party websites track your browsing activity. When a user visits such a website, the website may be informed that the user does not wish to be tracked by setting the user's preferences in the user's web browser. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting your web browser's Preferences or Settings page. We may partner with third-party advertising companies to better provide advertisements about our goods and services that may be of interest to you. These third-party advertisers may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Sites. They may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content. The third-party advertising company or a third-party advertiser who is currently collecting your information is as follows, and you can exercise the right to stop processing or object to this. However, third-party advertising companies or third-party advertisers may change from time to time. These online advertising partners do not have access to or use your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personally identifiable information from us, without your consent. They may, however, use persistent identifiers to anonymously track your Internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond these Sites. While we restrict their further use of such information, such third parties may, with sufficient data from other sources, be able to personally identify you, unknown to us. Third-party ad serving companies and other unaffiliated advertisers also display advertisements on our Sites. As part of their service, they may place a separate cookie on your computer or utilize other data collection and tracking technologies, to collect information such as your IP address, browser type, the server your computer is logged onto, the geographic area associated with your server, and whether you responded to a particular advertisement. For a listing of the third party companies we may allow to place cookies to serve ads on the Sites, the detail is as in the link below Many of the third party advertisers that place tracking tools on our Sites are members of programs that offer you additional choices regarding the collection and use of your information. You can learn more about the options available to limit these third parties’ collection and use of your information by visiting the Apps for the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance, as well as the webpages for Facebook’s ad preferences tool and Privacy Policy. The app for the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance, Facebook's ad basic setting tools, and the webpages for Privacy Policy are as follows. The Sites and Services are operated from South Korea. If you choose to use the website or provide your information to us, your information will be transferred, processed and stored in South Korea. Your agreement to the terms of this Policy followed by your submission of information on the Sites and Services represents your agreement to this practice and transfer of your personal information to South Korea. In addition, our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that process information for us as described above may be located in South Korea or in other countries outside of your home country; by using the Sites and Service, you consent to the international transfer of such information by us to such parties. We have put in place appropriate security measures, including encryption and de-identification, to prevent your personal information from being accidentally leaked, used or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, etc. who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place safety procedures to deal with any suspected data security breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected breach where we are legally required to do so. However, we will not be responsible for any problems that may arise of despite those safety measures and procedures, such as your negligence or problems on the internet. Please note that no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure, and that complete security of any information we collect and use therefore cannot be guaranteed. Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your personal information, and you have the 'right to be provided with information' from us pursuant to Article 12 GDPR, and to request access to, rectification, erasure, portability of your own personal information, and etc. Therefore, if you want to make a request concerning your rights or if you have any other question, please contact us via email with the address specified in the “Contact Us” section. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws and, will provide information about the necessary documents you may need to exercise your rights. As follows, but not limited thereto; We will process your personal data for as long as necessary to provide the Services to you, to perform obligations under a contract with you or to comply with law. We will further process your data for the period of time where we have a legitimate interest to process your data, and this interest outweighs your interest or fundamental rights and freedoms, for the purposes of marketing and information of our business operations, or until you inform us according to your rights above. If and to the extent you have given consent to us to process your personal data, we will process the data in accordance with that consent, and we will delete the relevant information upon your withdrawal of consent. If you think that we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, we will do our best to help you resolve your concern. You can also file a complaint with the relevant data protection agency in jurisdiction of residence, according to applicable privacy law Occasionally we provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites operate independently from our website and are not under our control. These sites may have their own privacy notices or terms of use, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked sites. We are not responsible for the content of these sites, any products or services that may be offered through these sites, or any other use of the linked sites. If you are a California Residents, for more information concerning your privacy rights, please follow this Notice A. We establish and enforce this Notice for California Residents. B. For California Residents, if this Notice Part conflicts with the other parts of our privacy, this Notice takes precedence. C. The information we collect and the purpose of the collection. D. Personal information provided to a third-party E. California Privacy Rights F. Authorized AgentYou may designate another person or entity (“authorized agent”) to act on your behalf in connection with your request for rights that are guaranteed by the CCPA(including CPRA). If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us by using one of the following communication channels. © 2012-2023 OP.GG. OP.GG isn’t endorsed by Riot Games and doesn’t reflect the views or opinions of Riot Games or anyone officially involved in producing or managing League of Legends. League of Legends and Riot Games are trademarks or registered trademarks of Riot Games, Inc. League of Legends © Riot Games, Inc.