Close For home Products for PC and mobile phone protection For business Protect your business with Avast For partners Partner with Avast and boost your business About us Careers, media, contact Blogs Academy, Blog, Decoded, Forum Security Free Antivirus  Basic protection for all your devices Premium Security Complete protection against all internet threats Ultimate Our best security, privacy, and performance apps in one package Looking for a product for your device? Privacy SecureLine VPN Encrypt your connection to stay safe on public networks AntiTrack Disguise your digital fingerprint to avoid personalized ads Secure Browser Secure, private, and easy to use web browser Secure Browser PRO Unlock the full potential of Avast Secure Browser and fully encrypt your online activity BreachGuard Protect your personal info from being exposed and sold Online Security & Privacy Privacy and security browser extension from Avast Performance Cleanup Premium Boost your computer’s speed and performance Driver Updater Automatically update drivers with a single click Avast One Store Home Support Account Products Small & HomeOffice 1-10 devices Small Businesses 11+ devices Specialized products Not sure which solution is right for your business? Help me choose Business partners Partnership opportunities Solutions for MSPs Shop by vertical Become a partner Partner locator Resources Trials Contact sales Smart Life Mobile Security VPN Threat Intelligence Knowledge Center About Avast Careers Digital trust Press center Investors Our story Awards Diversity & Inclusion Contact us Avast Blog Read about recent news from the security world Avast Academy Expert tips and guides about digital security and privacy Avast Decoded In-depth technical articles regarding security threats Avast Forum Discuss with the community AMERICAS EUROPE, MIDDLE EAST & AFRICA ASIA & PACIFIC General Privacy Policy As the world’s most trusted anti-virus software company, our goal is to help you with defenses against threats in cyberspace. To do so, we may have to collect your personal data to provide you with the best weapons and the most up-to-date security. We do not take your trust for granted so we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your personal data. This Privacy Policy was last updated in April 2023. As the world’s most trusted anti-virus software company, our goal is to help you with defenses against threats in cyberspace. To do so, we may have to collect your personal data to provide you with the best weapons and the most up-to-date security. We do not take your trust for granted so we’ve developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your personal data. This Privacy Policy was last updated in April 2023. Who We Are This General Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the Avast Group (collectively “we,” “us” or “our”). The Controller of your personal data is Avast Software s.r.o., which has its principal place of business at 1737/1A Pikrtova, Prague 4, Czech Republic, 140 00.If you live in the United Kingdom, Avast’s representative established in the UK is AVG Technologies UK Ltd.,110 High Holborn, 7th Floor, London, WC1V 6JS, England. Who We Are This General Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the Avast Group (collectively “we,” “us” or “our”). The Controller of your personal data is Avast Software s.r.o., which has its principal place of business at 1737/1A Pikrtova, Prague 4, Czech Republic, 140 00. If you live in the United Kingdom, Avast’s representative established in the UK is AVG Technologies UK Ltd.,110 High Holborn, 7th Floor, London, WC1V 6JS, England. Privacy Policy Contents This Privacy Policy describes how we handle and protect your personal data and the choices available to you. Additional information on our personal data practices may be provided in product settings, contractual terms, or notices provided prior to or at the time of data collection. Personal Data We Process Personal data refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual person (“Personal Data”). We may collect data or ask you to provide certain data when you visit our websites, and use our products and services. The sources from which we collect Personal Data include: We do not process special categories of personal data, such as data concerning health, race, ethnicity or political opinions, or deduce in any way this type of information from data, we collect within our products. We organize the Personal Data we process into these basic categories: Billing Data, Account Data, and Product Data. The below described billing process applies to all customers who have purchased products and/or standalone features through our Gen eStore. This information is used to bill those customers for their services and products. Our parent company, Gen Digital Inc., will act as a controller with respect to processing of the Billing Data and will provide its own privacy policy to the relevant customers at the moment of purchase of the relevant products and services. Billing Data includes your name, email address, billing address, your phone number, payment information (depending on method can include Credit/Debit Card Information or PayPal account) and device fingerprint ID. Billing data What we use it for Email address To send you purchase receipts Name and Billing address To maintain billing records Payment information – payment card info, for businesses only VAT/Tax ID and Business ID To process the payment and billing records Identifiers – product and license keys/numbers, Wallet ID, Auto bill ID, Payment transaction ID To identify the product and enable features based on the purchased license and to track account activity between internal company systems, applications, and architecture. This data is also processed for the purpose of delivering the product in accordance with your device(s) as well as for trade compliance and fraud check. Renewability To check if a given subscription can be renewed under the same or similar terms Expiration date To check whether a license is current Device fingerprint ID To validate that an authenticated payment transaction occurred, and the payment card and account are appropriate for billing. In certain cases, you purchase our products and services from a trusted third-party service provider, reseller, or app store. In those circumstances, your Billing Data is processed by the relevant third party and we only receive a subset of this data to keep proper business records. In particular, we only have a masked credit/debit card number, not your full payment details. Account Data includes information to set up and customize an account, such as your name, email address and username, and information connected with our services, such as product, license and device information. For some of our products or some of their functions creating an account is necessary. Account Data is also used for customer management and engagement, revenue generation, and evaluation and optimization of operational, sales and business processes. See below an example of Account Data and what we use it for: Account data Name To customize our communications by addressing you by your name To send you communications regarding your license and support and to offer our other products and services Username To manage your account and facilitate your login into the service Account usage data (events such as request to end subscription, subscription-related information) To enable premium features activation, provide tailored life-cycle experience and communication with customer support, suitable product interface content. Subscription renewal date To help us validate the period the license is active Trial User To add a grace period prior to the paid period of the subscription An account is also necessary for some features of our Forum. In the Forum, you have the option to provide additional information within your account such as personal texts, disclose your birth date, identify your gender, instant messaging number, messenger username, or website name and address, disclose your physical location, and select an avatar or personalized picture. To register with us or to be able to log in later on our pages or in our products, we offer you, in addition to our own procedure, the option to do this via the services Facebook Connect, Google, and Apple ID. For this purpose, we will redirect you to a page of the corresponding provider. Data from the provider (email, platform ID, optionally name) is then provided to create the account. The customer account remains valid until you actively delete it in the user administration section of the account. You can also contact our support or DPO in case you would like to delete your account. Product Data includes two sub-categories: Why We Process Your Personal Data We use your Personal Data for the following purposes and on the following grounds: On the basis of fulfilling our contract with you or entering into a contract with you on your request, in order to: On the basis of your consent, in order to: In order to fulfill legal obligations, we process your Personal Data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal tax, accounting, anti-money laundering, legal order, sanction checks or other obligations to which we are subject. On the basis of our legitimate interest we will use your Personal Data to: Before relying on our legitimate interests, we balanced them against your interests and made sure they are compelling enough. With respect to the purposes below we consider necessary to explain what our interests are in detail. We process Personal Data to support network and information security efforts. In line with EU data protection law, organizations have a recognized legitimate interest in collecting and processing Personal Data in a proportionate manner for the purposes of ensuring network and information security. This covers the ability of our networks or of our information systems to resist events, attacks or unlawful or malicious actions that could compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity and confidentiality of the data we store or transmit, or the security of the related services offered by, or accessible via those networks and systems. Moreover, as a member of the security community, we also cooperate with other players across the security landscape, in particular by exchanging threat intelligence resources, and aid in research and development of new security solutions. The Personal Data we process for the purpose listed above includes, without limitation, network traffic data related to cyber-threats such as: We have a legitimate interest for messaging our users about possible security, privacy and performance improvements and about products that supplement or improve the products already purchased. We can also message our customers with information and offers relating to already purchased products (e.g. time-limited offers). If you are our customer, we feel a responsibility to inform you about security and utility improvements and possible problems to your device and software, and provide you with effective solutions relevant to these problems. Because of this, we have a legitimate interest to optimize the content and delivery of this type of communication to you so that you are likely to find them relevant and non-intrusive at the same time. We use certain limited subsets of Billing Data, Account Data, and Service Data to deliver this communication. How We Process Your Personal Data We do our best to disconnect or remove all direct identifiers from the Personal Data that we use: Your IP address is collected at the time at which your product or service is being provided for the purpose of downloading and installing the products, product authorization, fraud and malware detection and for the purpose of facilitating our billing process. In particular for delivering the content in accordance with your device(s) settings, determining appropriate language settings for communicating with you, troubleshooting issues, and generating appropriate diagnostics reports. We do not store the IP address from this process. We use your answers from surveys, in which you can participate, and relevant Product Data to personalize communication and recommend our relevant products for you. We do not take any decisions solely based on algorithms, including profiling, that would significantly affect you. How We Disclose Your Personal Data In certain cases we may use a third party payment processor to take payment from you. These third parties are properly regulated and authorized to handle your payment information and are prohibited from using your Personal Data for any other purposes other than arranging these services for us. However, they are independent controllers of your data with their own responsibility These are our long-term payment processors: Payment Processor Link to Privacy Policy Location Digital River US, Ireland Softline https://allsoftglobal.com/en/privacy-policy/ Cyprus Nexway Germany, France, USA Cleverbridge Germany, USA, Japan, Taiwan, Malta Paypal (Braintree) Google Play Store (for mobile apps) Apple Store (for mobile apps) Your Billing Data is processed by the payment processor from whom you purchased the product. Your data is processed according to the relevant processor’s terms and privacy policy. Such service providers may include contact centers, professional consultants (including to defend or to exercise our rights), and marketing/survey/analytics/software suppliers. Sometimes these service providers, for example our distributors, resellers, and app store partners will be independent controllers of your data and their terms and conditions, end user license agreements (“EULA”) and privacy statements will apply to such relationships. To be able to offer our products and services for free, we serve third-party ads in our products for mobile devices. To enable the ad, we embed a software development kit (“SDK”) provided by an advertising company into the product. The SDK collects Personal Data in order to personalize ads for you. We may provide your Personal Data to our partners for the purpose of distribution, sale or management of our products. Our partners may communicate with you about Avast products or services. In addition, you purchase our products directly from our distributor, a reseller, or an app store. Because your relationship in these cases is with that distributor, reseller or an app store, such third party will also process your Personal Data. We use analytical tools, including third-party analytical tools, which allow us to, among other things, to identify potential performance or security issues with our products, to improve their stability and function, to understand how you use our products, and websites so that we can optimize and improve your user experience, and to evaluate and improve our campaigns. We use Service and Device data for analytics. While we generally prefer using our own analytical tools, we sometimes need to partner with other parties, which have developed and provide us with their own tools and expertise. Below, we list these partners and tools and their privacy policies. Tool (provider) Type of Analytics Google Analytics (Google) Firebase Analytics (Google) Firebase Crashlytics (Google) AppsFlyer user acquisition Germany Adjust Facebook Analytics (Facebook) user behaviour HockeyApp (Microsoft) crash reporting Mixpanel US Loggly (Solar Winds/Loggly) server side logging - troubleshooting issues Amplitude VWO user behaviour (A/B testing) India Hotjar EU More information, link to Privacy Policy Google Ireland Ltd. Ireland Facebook Ireland Ltd. Apple Distribution International In certain instances, it may be necessary for us to disclose your Personal Data to public authorities or as otherwise required by applicable law. No Personal Data will be disclosed to any public authority except in response to: Like any other company, we too go through our own cycle of growth, expansion, streamlining and optimization. Our business decisions and market developments therefore affect our structure. As a result of such transactions, and for maintaining a continued relationship with you, we may transfer your Personal Data to a related affiliate. If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your Personal Data may be transferred as part of that transaction. We will notify you of any such deal and outline your choices in that event, when applicable. Information including personal data relating to our business may be shared with other parties in order to evaluate and conclude the transaction. This would also be the case if we were required by law to make such changes. We are a global business that provides products and services all around the world. In order to reach all of our users and provide all of them with our software, we operate on an infrastructure that spans the globe. The servers that are part of this infrastructure may therefore be located in a country different than the one where you live. In some instances, these may be countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Regardless, we provide the same GDPR-level of protection to all Personal Data it processed. How We Protect Your Personal Data We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of your Personal Data. Access to the Personal Data of our users is limited to authorized personnel who have a legitimate need to know based on their job descriptions, for example, employees who provide technical support to end users, or who service user accounts. In the case of third-party contractors who process personal information on our behalf, similar requirements are imposed. These third parties are contractually bound by confidentiality clauses, even when they leave the company. Where an individual employee no longer requires access, that individual's credentials are revoked. Access to user information in our database by Internet requires using an encrypted VPN, except for email which requires user authentication. Third-party contractors who process Personal Data on our behalf agree to provide reasonable physical safeguards. We strive to collect no more Personal Data from you than is required by the purpose for which we collect it. This, in turn, helps reduce the total risk of harm should data loss or a breach in security occur: the less data we collect, the smaller the overall risk. Children’s Privacy How Long We Store Your Personal Data We will hold your Personal Data on our systems for the following periods: Storage of Your Personal Data The data we collect from you may be stored, with risk-appropriate technical and organizational security measures applied to it, on in-house as well as third-party servers in the Czech Republic, in the United States, as well as anywhere we or our trusted service providers and partners operate. In particular, we store some of the data in the Google Cloud Platform operated by Google Cloud EMEA Ltd. Personal Data originating from the EEA are stored on Google’s servers in the EEA, however, such data may be also accessed by Google personnel located outside the EEA. We put in place appropriate safeguards, including Standard Contractual Clauses, to address these cross-border transfers of Personal Data. In all cases, we follow generally accepted standards and security measures to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Storage of Your Personal Data The data we collect from you may be stored, with risk-appropriate technical and organizational security measures applied to it, on in-house as well as third-party servers in the Czech Republic, in the United States, as well as anywhere we or our trusted service providers and partners operate. In particular, we store some of the data in the Google Cloud Platform operated by Google Cloud EMEA Ltd. Personal Data originating from the EEA are stored on Google’s servers in the EEA, however, such data may be also accessed by Google personnel located outside the EEA. We put in place appropriate safeguards, including Standard Contractual Clauses, to address these cross-border transfers of Personal Data. In all cases, we follow generally accepted standards and security measures to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Your Privacy Rights You have the following rights regarding the processing of your Personal Data: The fulfillment of data subject rights listed above will depend on the category of Personal Data and the processing activity. In all cases, we strive to fulfill your request. We will action your request within one month of receiving a request from you concerning any one of your rights as a Data Subject. When we are faced with an unusually large number of requests or particularly complicated requests, the time limit may be extended to a maximum of another two months. If we fail to meet these deadlines, we would, of course, prefer that you contact us to resolve the situation informally. Where requests we receive are unfounded or excessive, in particular because they repeat, we may either: (a) charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested; or (b) refuse to act on the request. Identification of an individual may not be necessary for some of our free products to be delivered to you or to function. In this case, we do not and will not maintain, acquire or process additional information solely in order to identify the users of our free products and services. Consistent with our privacy by design, privacy by default and data minimization practices, we may not be able to identify you in connection with Product Data relating to specific free products and services. However, you can go directly to your product settings and explore the available privacy options. You can make certain choices about how your data is used by us by adjusting the privacy settings of the relevant product. Please check your product settings to set your privacy preferences there. Non-EU Jurisdictions We collect and process Personal Data relating to those within the territory of the Russian Federation in strict compliance with the applicable laws of the Russian Federation. We collect and process Personal Data (including sharing it with third parties) only upon the consent of the respective individuals, unless otherwise is permitted by the laws of the Russian Federation. You will be asked to grant your consent by ticking the respective box / or clicking “I accept” button or through similar mechanism prior to having access to the site, and/or when submitting or sharing the Personal Data we may request. We collect and use your Personal Data only in the context of the purposes indicated in the consent to processing of Personal Data. We (directly or through third-party contractors specifically authorized by us) collect, record, systematize, accumulate, store, update and amend, extract Personal Data of the Russian Federation citizens with the use of databases located in the territory of the Russian Federation, except as otherwise permitted by Russian data protection legislation. We may process Personal Data of Russian citizens using databases located outside of the Russian Federation subject to compliance with Russian data protection legislation. You are entitled by law to receive information related to processing your Personal Data. To exercise this right, you have to submit a request to contacts listed below in the Contact Us section. You have the right to revoke the consent at any time by sending us an e-mail at the contacts listed below in the Contact Us section. Once we receive the revocation notice from you we will stop processing and destroy your Personal Data, except as necessary to provision the contract or service to you and ensure compliance with the data protection laws. However, once you have revoked your consent, we may not be able to provide to you the products and services you request, and may not be able to ensure proper work of our products. We do not transfer your Personal Data to the countries that under Russian law are not deemed to provide adequate protection to the individuals’ rights in the area of data privacy. We do not offer, sell or otherwise make available our products or services that have access to, collect and process (or allow us to do the same) Personal Data of third parties in the Russian Federation without the consent of such third parties. If any provisions of this Policy contradict the provisions of this section, the provisions of this section shall prevail. This section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of California, and it explains your privacy rights, as well as other information about our treatment of California residents’ information. Categories of collected personal information You can see all categories of collected personal information listed in the section Personal Data We Process. Sources from which the personal information is collected You can find information about the sources of data in the section Personal Data We Process. Business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information You can find all purposes of processing your personal information listed in the section Why We Process Your Personal Data. Categories of third parties with whom the business shares personal information You can find all categories of recipients of personal information listed in the section How We Disclose Your Personal Data. Avast does not sell (as such term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act/California Privacy Rights Act) your personal information we collect without providing a right to opt out or your direct permission. See more about your right to opt out of sale below. Our products are not targeted at minors under 16 years of age. We therefore have no knowledge of any sale of data concerning them. How long we store your personal information You have the right to: Under California law, we are required to disclose to consumers the following information upon written request: (1) the categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties within the prior year, if that information was subsequently used for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes; and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties to whom such personal information was disclosed for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We hereby disclose that we have not disclosed any such personal information regarding any California resident during the one-year period prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy with the exception of: If your personal information is subject to a sale or sharing, you have the right to opt out from that sale or sharing. You can submit your requests using contacts indicated below in the Contact Us section. We will verify your request by matching your email address and, if necessary, other information you provide in your request against the email address and other information we have in our system. You can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. We may require that you provide the authorized agent with written permission to act on your behalf and that the authorized agent verify their identity directly with us. Contact Us To exercise any of your rights, or if you have any other questions or complaints about our use of your Personal Data and its privacy, write our Privacy Team through the most convenient channel below: If you prefer, you can send paper mail to AVAST Software s.r.o., Pikrtova 1737/1a, 140 00 Prague 4, Czech Republic. Be sure to write "Attention: PRIVACY" in the address so we know where to direct your correspondence. If you live in the United Kingdom, you can contact our representative AVG Technologies UK Ltd., 110 High Holborn, 7th Floor, London, WC1V 6JS, England. Data Protection Officer Changes to this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to revise or modify this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our data practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account), product notification or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Changes to this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to revise or modify this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our data practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account), product notification or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Avast recommends using the FREE Chrome™ internet browser. FREE Download Chrome Almost done! Complete installation by clicking your downloaded file and following the instructions. Initiating download... Note: Need Help? Please call 855-745-3255 Need Help? 855-745-3255 Click this file to start installing Avast. Worldwide (English) Company © 2023 Gen Digital Inc. All rights reserved. © 2023 Gen Digital Inc. All rights reserved.