Measurement suite ROI Measurement Marketing analytics Incrementality Predictive analytics CX & deep linking Audience segmentation Fraud protection Privacy Cloud Data Clean Room Partner marketplace Marketing Product Data & Analytics R&D Regain iOS visibility Kickstart app growth Scale UA campaigns Maximize user LTV Gaming Shopping Finance Food & drink Entertainment & music Health & fitness Travel iOS Android PC & console CTV & OTT Web Mobile Web3 Partners Agencies Our approach Discover how we help brands around the world make better marketing decisions Customer success stories The AppsFlyer difference Trust hub Security Privacy Resources Stay informed with industry insights, the latest trends, original content, and all things AppsFlyer Blog Reports & guides Tools & templates Industry benchmarksNEW! NEW! Webinars Videos Podcasts Glossary Product news Help center Use cases Developer Hub Who we are Find out more about our history, our team, what we stand for, and why we do what we do About us Newsroom CEO blog spot Careers Social impact Contact Last updated August 6, 2021 This Privacy Policy applies to: (i) use of the AppsFlyer owned and operated Websites (appsflyer.com, onelink.me and their subdomains); (ii) our marketing activities including, registrations as part of webinars, conference events, emails etc.; and (iii) any other product or activity that links to, or otherwise references, this privacy policy (collectively, the “Marketing Platforms“). We respect your privacy rights and value your trust. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your personal information, as well as your rights in determining what we do with the information that we collect or hold about you. When using or interacting with our Marketing Platforms, we may collect or receive the following types of information (collectively, “Information”). We understand that certain Technical information or Usage Information may, either alone or when combined with other data, be deemed personal data under various laws and jurisdictions and we are committed to treating such data in compliance with applicable laws. Depending on the type of Information, we may collect or receive Information in the following ways: We use Information for the following purposes: In order to conduct our business and operate our Marketing Platforms, we may share Information with various third parties, such as: Without derogating from the foregoing, AppsFlyer may publish general aggregate and unidentifiable information (e.g. statistical information) relating to use of its Marketing Platforms. We strive to meet the highest standards of security measures across our business units. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures based on industry-leading standards. Such measures are designed to protect against unauthorized access or unlawful processing of Personal Information and against accidental loss, destruction or damage of Personal Information. As part of such measures, we have established various policies and procedures that guide us, including in respect of asset management, access management, physical security, people security, product security, cloud and network infrastructure security, third-party security, vulnerability management, security monitoring, and incident response. We may store Information on our own servers as well as those operated by third party data hosting providers. As specified in Section 5 above (Cross Border Transfers), such servers may be located worldwide. We will only retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to pursue the purpose of the collection. We may also retain your Personal Information for such time needed to pursue our legitimate business interests, in connection with any legal claims and compliance with legal obligations. When we use your information for direct marketing purposes, we will retain your data until you opt-out from receiving the marketing materials; provided that we will need to retain certain information to maintain a record of your request. AppsFlyer may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, provided that in the event of a material change we shall provide notice on this page and/or a note near the link to this page. The updates shall apply immediately for new Information collected or provided as of the day of the update and following thirty (30) days for any Information collected or provided to AppsFlyer prior to the update date. If you do not agree to the terms of the new policy you are requested to contact the Legal Department using the contact details listed in Section 11 below. We encourage you to periodically review this page for any updates. We provide you with various choices on how we may use Information in connection with: (i) our marketing activities; and (ii) our use of cookies and similar technologies to serve your interest-based advertisements and to analyze usage of our Marketing Platforms. We will respond to your requests within a reasonable timeframe. Please note these rights may be limited in certain circumstances as provided by applicable law. For any additional information regarding such rights or to exercise any such rights please contact AppsFlyer at: privacy@appsflyer.com Our website may offer a blog with ‘comments’ section and various social media features, such as a ‘share’ button or links to third party websites and services, including Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and Facebook. When using any such features, certain information may be collected by such third parties, including your IP address or which page you are visiting on our website, and such third parties may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Any data collected by such third parties is governed by such third party’s privacy policy. You are encouraged to carefully review such third party privacy policies. AppsFlyer does not knowingly collect or process personal data from or with respect to children under the age of 16, and you must be 16 years of age or older in order to establish an account for AppsFlyer’s Services. If you are a parent or legal guardian and believe that your child under the age of 16 has submitted his or her personal data or other data without your consent, permission, or authorization – please let us know immediately, and we will promptly act to remove your child’s data from our database, cease the use of such data and inform any other party we suspect to have access to such data to do the same. Raw data & APIs AppsFlyer for iOS Pricing Integrated partners Partner Program Zero budget marketing AWS Customers success stories Podcast Webinars on-demand Sitemap About Press releases Media coverage