Privacy Policy DeepLProtecting your privacy and personal data is very important to us. We therefore only use your personal data within the scope of legal regulations, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and the German Federal Data Protection Act ("BDSG"). With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you - regardless of whether you set up a DeepL Pro account, use our various apps or visit our website - about the nature, scope and purposes of the collection, use and processing of your personal data by DeepL SE. Protecting your privacy and personal data is very important to us. We therefore only use your personal data within the scope of legal regulations, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and the German Federal Data Protection Act ("BDSG"). With this privacy policy, we would like to inform you - regardless of whether you set up a DeepL Pro account, use our various apps or visit our website - about the nature, scope and purposes of the collection, use and processing of your personal data by DeepL SE. The data controller responsible for data processing pursuant to the GDPR, BDSG, other data protection laws applicable in the member states of the European Union, and other regulations relating to data protection is: DeepL SE Maarweg 165 50825 Cologne Germany DeepL's external corporate Data Protection Officer, Dr. Christian Lenz, can be contacted at the following address: dhpg IT-Services GmbH, Bunsenstr. 10a, 51647 Gummersbach, via email to datenschutz(at)dhpg.de, or by telephone on +49 2261 8195 0. 2. Scope of Data ProtectionData protection applies to personal data as defined by the GDPR, i.e. all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is deemed to be a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by means of assignment to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more specific attributes. Data protection applies to personal data as defined by the GDPR, i.e. all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is deemed to be a natural person who can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular by means of assignment to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more specific attributes. When using our translation service, please only enter texts that you wish to transfer to our servers. The transmission of these texts is necessary in order for us to provide the translation and offer you our service. We process your texts, the documents you upload and their translations for a limited period of time to train and improve our neural networks and translation algorithms. This also applies to corrections you make to our translation suggestions. The corrections are forwarded to our servers to check them for accuracy and, if necessary, to update the translated text according to your changes. If you use the glossary feature and enter certain pairs of terms there, this data is only stored locally and is not forwarded to our servers. Therefore, you cannot use your glossary entries in another browser or on another device. If you use DeepL Write Alpha/Beta without having a DeepL Pro subscription, please only enter texts that you wish to transfer to our servers. The transmission of these texts is necessary in order for us to improve the language of your texts and offer you our service. We process your texts as well as their improvement for a limited period of time to train and improve our neural networks and algorithms. This also applies to corrections you make to our improvement suggestions. The corrections are forwarded to our servers to check them for accuracy and, if necessary, to update the improved text according to your changes. We process the email address and password on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR in order to perform the contract of use. Your IP address is processed in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR, as it is in our legitimate interests to match your IP address with IP addresses that have misused our service in the past for fraud prevention purposes. If your company uses Single Sign-On (SSO) to log in to DeepL, there is no need for a separate registration with DeepL. When you log in via Single Sign-On your company transmits your email address as well as your first and last name directly to us. We also process this data on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR. If, after creating a DeepL account, you sign up for a DeepL Pro subscription, additionally the following personal data will be collected and processed for the purposes of concluding and fulfilling the contract (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR): Your payment details will also be processed by us if you initially sign up for a DeepL Pro subscription with a free trial period. Despite the free trial period, the processing of your payment details is already necessary at the time of the formation of the contract within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR, as a DeepL Pro subscription is in principle a paid subscription and we only in some cases allow our customers to test our products free of charge for a trial period. However, if no cancellation is made within the aforementioned trial period, the subscription will automatically continue to be subject to payment and the method of payment specified by you will be debited at the time stated in the booking process. In addition to the aforementioned data, we process further (usage-)data relevant for the provision and billing of our service, such as subscription ID, date and time of the subscription conclusion, billing period, successful payment processing, log-ins, number of translated characters and documents, upgrades and downgrades. The processing and storage of the aforementioned data is necessary for the conclusion of the contract as well as its performance and is therefore justified according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR. If you yourself are not a party to the contract, but DeepL Pro is provided to you, e.g. by your employer or an organization to which you belong, we justify the processing of the data mentioned in section 6.1 and the aforementioned usage data via Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR, as this is necessary for the performance of the business relationship with our customers, i.e. your employer or your organization. In your account in the section “usage”, you can also view data about your usage behavior e.g., - depending on your subscription - the number of characters translated in the past or the number of documents translated. If you have a consumption-based subscription, such as the DeepL API Pro, you can also view the monthly costs incurred. We justify this data processing via Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR, insofar as it is necessary for the performance of the contract, in particular for billing purposes or for managing the number of documents still available for translation. Insofar as the processing goes beyond what is necessary for the performance of the contract, we base the processing on our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR, as we seek to meet our customers' wish to visualize information on usage behavior in a transparent manner. The graphical representation of the development of consumption over the contract period is considered to be also in the interest of our customers. If you yourself are not a party to the DeepL Pro subscription, but access to our products is provided to you by your employer or an organization to which you belong, it is possible that we share data about your usage behavior (e.g. last login date) with your employer or organization. Such data transfer only takes place insofar as this corresponds to our legitimate interests as well as the legitimate interests of our customers in receiving information about the use of the subscriptions they have paid for and your interests do not override in the individual case. If you use our glossary feature and store certain term pairs there, this data will be forwarded to our servers and stored for your account. If you want to use the glossary function as part of our service, the data processing that takes place in this context is necessary for the performance of our contract and is therefore also justified by Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR. Regardless of whether you use our paid or free service when translating documents, particularly the following data is stored for each translation process: This information is processed in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR based on our legitimate interest in improving the functionality of our products, as this makes it easier to identify any sources of error related to the translation process. The data is stored in a database that can only be accessed by selected employees and is automatically deleted after 14 days. Processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR based on our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website. The data is stored for purely technical reasons. Website access data is used for error analysis, ensuring system security, logging access to DeepL Pro and for improving our translation service. Based on your IP address, we also use geolocation to determine the region from which you are visiting our website. We use this information to check whether we can offer you the DeepL Pro service in your region, which corresponds to our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR. The storage of the full IP address for the users of the DeepL free version for a maximum period of 14 days is also justified by our legitimate interest in achieving the listed purposes, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR. The storage of IP addresses of users of the paid DeepL Pro subscription for the duration of the contract is justified by Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR. We use "cookies" and web storage objects to provide you with a variety of features and improve your user experience. Cookies and web storage objects are small text files that are temporarily stored on your computer via your browser. If you do not want us to use cookies or web storage objects, you can change your browser settings accordingly. Please note that if you completely disable the use of cookies or web storage objects, the functionality and scope of the website may be impaired. We specifically use cookies or web storage objects in the following categories: The table below lists the different types of cookies and web storage objects that may be used on our website. Cookies or web storage objects are stored until the specified expiration time or until you delete them in your browser or, if it is a session cookie, until the session has expired. You can withdraw your consent for the use of cookies or web storage objects in the categories “Performance” and “Comfort” in each of these categories directly in the table below. In order to better understand how our products are used and to better tailor our products to the needs and desires of our customers, we analyze pseudonymized data about our customers' use of DeepL Pro products. The analysis allows us to understand general usage habits and derive different target and user groups. We can then address the identified user groups in a more specific way and, for example, point them to previously unused or unknown features of our products. In this way, we enable our customers to get to know and use all the features of their DeepL subscription and can thus improve the user experience of the DeepL products. This corresponds to our legitimate interests according to Art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f) GDPR. The data is processed exclusively on DeepL’s servers in the EEA, the data is not transferred to the USA. No transfer of the data to third parties takes place. Overview of the cookies and web storage objects used by DeepL: Necessary Site localization il Stores the interface language selected by the user. Cookie 1 month DeepL i18nextLng Local Storage Persistent Data Privacy Settings privacySettings Stores the user's cookie-banner decision. You can change the settings here. 12 months Translator LMTBID Used to guarantee the origin of a request to the translator and protect from malicious visitors. This ensures that the service is not compromised for the remaining visitors. 6 months LMT Stores settings made explicitly by the user. E.g. preferred translation language or entries in the glossary. Write LMT_write Stores settings made explicitly by the user for the preferred language or language variant, in order to make them available when Write is used again as well as whether the user has already seen the Intro Guide. In addition, the specific use of the alternative pop-up is noted in order to show customers the relevant alternatives in the future. Stores if pop-up announcing DeepL Write was shown. 30 days LMT_customization Stores if the reference to Write in the header menu was clicked. LMT_preferredLangWeightsWrite Stores the weighting of the languages used by the user to allow accurate language identification of the text entered. productRecommendations Used for feature onboarding and discovery on the translator. 7 days recommendationFlags Used to store additional translator settings of the user. 6 month Discovery and Onboarding clickOnWordHint, LMT_MessageBox, onboardingData, showAppOnboarding, AppOnboardingInfo, apiOnboarding Stores if the user has on-boarded with features to ensure that onboarding prompts are only displayed once. 1 to 6 months Checkout Process Fraud detection and security for check-out and payments. This cookie is only set if you enter the checkout process or view your account payment information. Cookie (3rd party) Session to 2 years Third Party - Stripe userCountry Stores the user's selected country during the checkout process. Local Storage / Cookie Session newpro-checkout Stores the user's selected DeepL Pro plan during the checkout process. DeepL Pro-User Login/Session dl_session Stores users login token to keep the user logged in on the site. Permanently stored when "remember me" is selected during the login, or expires after 30 minutes of inactivity if not. 100 years dl_logoutReason When you get logged out accidentally, we will help you with an error message. We use this cookie to deliver this message to you so you can prevent this problem in the future. ep Ip-Based Enterprise Account login token. Checked once per session and deleted afterwards. user Stores the display name of logged-in users to display their name. Deleted if the user logs out. dl_auth Stores the “login state” of a user, the account type and sets a reminder for login. When user gets logged out accidentally, user will be helped with an error message. Release process releaseGroups Used for gradual, controlled releases to ensure stability, quality and performance of our service and infrastructure. dapGid Used for controlled rollout of features for logged users. Session ID dapSid Session ID and timestamp. Automatically deleted after 30 minutes of inactivity. App Usage Statistics - only for DeepL Apps appUsageStats Remembers when the user last used the app. Sales Form Usage Statistics salesContactStats Remembers when the user submitted the form. Document translation LMT_doctranslate_client Used to bind an ongoing document translation process to a user and protect the document translation feature from excessive use by individual users. This ensures that the service is not impacted for the remaining users. LMT_text_translator_usage_free Used to bind an ongoing text translation process to a user and protect the translation feature from excessive use by individual users. This ensures that the service is not impacted for the remaining users. Security dapUid User identifier to ensure correct operation of our systems, including to identify malicious bots and measure performance. dl_clearance Used to prevent misuse of our services by using the Cloudflare bot score. 5 minutes dl_camellia_client Used to protect services from excessive use by individual users. This ensures that the service is not impacted for the remaining users. Product Support/Zendesk zendesk Third-party cookie used by our ZenDesk support tool. Necessary for the operation of the service (bot detection and session management). Third Party - Zendesk Product Support/HubSpot hubspot Third-party cookie used by our HubSpot sales tool. Used for session management and to prevent misuse. Third Party - HubSpot User Features dl_featureSet Stores the features which are available to the user depending on the account or subscription. API documentation/GitBook amp_* Third-party cookie used by GitBook documentation platform. Necessary for the operation of the service (session management). 400 days Third Party – GitBook __cuid Third-party cookie used by GitBook documentation platform. Necessary for the operation of the service (security and bot detection). __cf_bm 30 minutes (after continuous inactivity of the user) Third Party - Cloudflare PerformanceContextIDDescriptionTechnologyExpiryOwnerVisit CountIDdapVnDescriptionStores how many times the user has visited the site.TechnologyCookieExpiry12 monthsOwnerDeepL Performance ContextIDDescriptionTechnologyExpiryOwnerVisit CountIDdapVnDescriptionStores how many times the user has visited the site.TechnologyCookieExpiry12 monthsOwnerDeepL Visit Count dapVn Stores how many times the user has visited the site. ComfortContextIDDescriptionTechnologyExpiryOwnerTranslatorIDuserRecommendationsDescriptionUsed to personalise the users experience. TechnologyCookieExpiry7 daysOwnerDeepLTranslatorIDrecommendationFlagsDescriptionUsed to store additional translator settings of the user.TechnologyLocal StorageExpiry6 monthOwnerDeepLCheckout ProcessIDLMT_resumeCheckoutDescriptionUsed to store checkout details of the user to help users resume the checkout process. TechnologyLocal StorageExpiryPersistent DataOwnerDeepLProduct informationIDapiDocsVisitedDescriptionStores whether API documentation has been visited to help users select the correct package at checkout.TechnologyLocal StorageExpiryPersistent DataOwnerDeepL Comfort ContextIDDescriptionTechnologyExpiryOwnerTranslatorIDuserRecommendationsDescriptionUsed to personalise the users experience. TechnologyCookieExpiry7 daysOwnerDeepLTranslatorIDrecommendationFlagsDescriptionUsed to store additional translator settings of the user.TechnologyLocal StorageExpiry6 monthOwnerDeepLCheckout ProcessIDLMT_resumeCheckoutDescriptionUsed to store checkout details of the user to help users resume the checkout process. TechnologyLocal StorageExpiryPersistent DataOwnerDeepLProduct informationIDapiDocsVisitedDescriptionStores whether API documentation has been visited to help users select the correct package at checkout.TechnologyLocal StorageExpiryPersistent DataOwnerDeepL userRecommendations Used to personalise the users experience. LMT_resumeCheckout Used to store checkout details of the user to help users resume the checkout process. Product information apiDocsVisited Stores whether API documentation has been visited to help users select the correct package at checkout. MarketingContextIDDescriptionTechnologyExpiryOwnerConversion TrackingIDDescriptionRecords and evaluates conversions from DeepL’s LinkedIn advertising campaignsTechnologyTracking PixelExpiryPersistent DataOwnerLinkedIn Marketing ContextIDDescriptionTechnologyExpiryOwnerConversion TrackingIDDescriptionRecords and evaluates conversions from DeepL’s LinkedIn advertising campaignsTechnologyTracking PixelExpiryPersistent DataOwnerLinkedIn Conversion Tracking Records and evaluates conversions from DeepL’s LinkedIn advertising campaigns Tracking Pixel LinkedIn 10. Speech-to-text function for web For the web version of our DeepL Translator (free) and the DeepL account, we also offer a speech-to-text function, where the text to be translated can be dictated yourself. The recorded text is transcribed solely within DeepL's internal infrastructure. The recordings, their transcriptions and the translations are stored and processed for a limited period of time to train and improve our neural networks and translation algorithms (please see section 3 of this privacy policy). When using this function, you are not permitted to record personal data or record the voices of third parties. For the web version of our DeepL Translator (free) and the DeepL account, we also offer a speech-to-text function, where the text to be translated can be dictated yourself. The recorded text is transcribed solely within DeepL's internal infrastructure. The recordings, their transcriptions and the translations are stored and processed for a limited period of time to train and improve our neural networks and translation algorithms (please see section 3 of this privacy policy). When using this function, you are not permitted to record personal data or record the voices of third parties. In addition to the translation service on our website, we also offer apps for Windows and macOS operating systems (“desktop apps”), as well as apps for iOS and Android (“mobile apps”), through which you can also translate texts. When translating texts with our apps, for technical reasons - regardless of whether you use our paid or free service - your device will automatically transmit certain data. The following data which you can transmit to us, is stored: The processing of this data is based on our legitimate interest in ensuring and improving the stability and functionality of our services, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR. This data is stored solely for technical reasons. Data relating to access is used for error analysis, ensuring system security, logging access to DeepL Pro and to improve our translation service. The full IP address of users using the free version of DeepL is stored for a maximum period of 14 days, which is also justified by our legitimate interest in achieving the listed purposes, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR. The full IP address of DeepL Pro users is stored for the duration of the contract on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR. If you use our mobile apps, it is also possible to have the entered text and the translation read aloud or to dictate the text to be translated yourself. The speech service installed on your device is used for this purpose. Please note that this may result in the transfer of the entered or spoken content to the provider of the speech service used by your device, possibly also to the USA. DeepL has no influence on this processing of your voice and audio data, therefore the privacy policy and terms of use of the speech service used by your device e.g. provided by Apple, Google or Samsung, but also those of other speech services that cannot be listed exhaustively, apply. No cookies are used in our mobile apps. However, a unique user ID (no cross-device ID) is used, which allows us to track, for example, the source and target language settings, how many characters are translated, whether the copy button is used, and if so, how it is used. The processing of this data is based on our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR) to better understand the needs of our users and to be able to adapt the app according to customer requirements. We process your data in order to perform the free-of-charge usage contract concluded between you and us on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR and on the basis of our legitimate interest in preventing misuse of the API Free, Art. 6 para. 1 sentence lit. f) GDPR. You have the possibility to contact us via various contact forms on our website. You can also contact us directly by email. If you contact our support team with questions about your contract and its implementation via our contact form, it is necessary to provide a valid email address so that we know who the inquiry comes from and can respond to it. We also use the aforementioned ticket system Zendesk to respond to your enquiry. For both support and sales enquiries including any subsequent correspondence , Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR serves as the legal basis for the processing of your personal data, as the processing is necessary for the initiation of the contract or the conclusion and performance of our contract. Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR also provides justification for the processing of personal data that may be contained in documents sent to our Support team. We will store your data for the duration of our business relationship and subsequently for the duration of the legal retention periods where this is required. The processing of your personal data as part of our customer database and the analyses of our customer-related processes is based on Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR, as this is in our legitimate interest. If you have contacted our Support team via the contact form, it is possible that we will subsequently inquire by email about your satisfaction with our customer service. In this case, we will process your data on the basis of our legitimate interests in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR in order to determine customer satisfaction and to continuously improve our service. We also statistically record, among other things via HubSpot, which emails you open and which links you click on in our emails (opening and click rates). This allows us to understand which content is of interest to our users and to optimize the newsletter and our email communication, which corresponds to our legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR. Users are given the opportunity to participate in surveys via the web and app interface of our services. Participation in the surveys is voluntary and can be achieved, for example, via a pop-up found on the interface. The user may be redirected to a third party website (e.g. Qualtrics) to complete the survey.In order for us to properly analyse the survey results, we match your survey results with your product interaction that we collect when you use our DeepL products. This helps us to get better insights on how our users respond to our services, which help us to improve our DeepL product offering and services based on the collected survey information. Your personal data will not be collected or processed throughout the entire process. We won’t ask you to enter any personal data when taking part in the survey. Furthermore, to collect your product interaction data we don’t collect or process your IP-address. In order to obtain this data from you, we will assign you a user ID upon confirmation that you wish to participate in the survey. This user ID – in the form of a cookie – does not give away any personal data about the person behind the interaction data and is therefore anonymised. Your survey results and product interaction data (if any) will be stored and processed collectively by DeepL for up to 2 years. If personal data is nevertheless collected or processed in the aforementioned process - which we do not plan or assume from our side - we justify this via Art. 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR, as this represents the least intrusion into the rights of the user in contrast to an opt-in and corresponds to the principle of data minimisation. You may withdraw your consent for the cookie at any time with effect for the future by deleting your browser cache. From time to time, DeepL sends out customer surveys via email to inquire about your experience and/or satisfaction with our products. Participation in the surveys is voluntary and they can generally be answered anonymously, but you also have the option to voluntarily provide your name and/or email address. If you do so, we may contact you afterwards and ask if you would be willing to share your experience with us in a personal conversation. This processing of your data corresponds to our legitimate interests according to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR to improve our products and to further develop them according to our customer’s wishes. If you voluntarily provide your name and/or email address in the survey, we justify the processing of your data via your consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a) GDPR. You can revoke this consent at any time with effect for the future. The legal basis for the operation of our social media profiles and the insights function is our legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR in using the pages as an information channel for our company. With regard to the insights function, we have a legitimate interest in understanding the visits and interactions with our page in order to be able to respond to them and to further improve our presence. Insofar as your consent given to the social network justifies the data processing within the framework of the respective social platform, processing is carried out on the basis of this consent. In addition, we use the LinkedIn image pixel to record and evaluate conversions from our LinkedIn advertising campaigns. Conversions mean whether a user is successfully led to our website via our LinkedIn advertising campaign. Furthermore, user interactions - i.e., individual steps taken by the user on our website - are to be recorded and tracked via conversions. The LinkedIn image pixel is embedded on certain pages of our website and provides feedback to LinkedIn if a conversion has taken place. In doing so, LinkedIn processes the user’s IP address as well as the presence of a cookie set by LinkedIn, which provides conclusions about the conversion. The processing of your personal data is based on your consent (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a) GDPR). The consent is given via the cookie settings. You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by revoking the consent for the “Marketing” cookie category or deleting your browser cache. We offer webinars for our users and existing or prospective customers. The webinars are interactive events on the products we offer, conducted by our staff. External speakers may also be invited to the webinars. We point this out accordingly before registration. In the event of registration for a webinar on a landing page provided by Zoom, we collect and process all personal data that you provide when registering for one of our webinars (first and last name, email address, company (optional), position (optional)). We process your data to fulfil the free participation contract concluded between you and us on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR. We store your data on this basis for the duration of the existence of our contractual relationship, i.e. until the conclusion of the webinar, and subsequently for the duration of the statutory retention periods where this is required. If you have a DeepL account and it is possible for us to assign the webinar registration to this account, the processing of your personal data in the context of our customer database and the analyses of our customer-related processes until the end of the webinar is based on Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR, as this is in our legitimate interest to record the demand for webinars and in this context to improve the services for our customers. After completion of the webinar, we note in our customer database under your account that you participated in the webinar. The name and e-mail address given during registration will not be noted and - if they do not match the details in the DeepL account created - will be deleted by us after the webinar has ended. Should personal data be processed at all in this note in the customer database beyond the webinar, we base this on Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR, as this is in our legitimate interest to specifically identify whether customers understand our products in order to provide them with support more quickly in individual cases, or in order to provide certain customers with extended webinars and training. When participating in a webinar and using Zoom, the following additional personal data is processed: Please note that it is also possible to participate in the webinar without having a Zoom account. In this case, the collection and processing of data is limited to the minimum necessary to be able to maintain the service for you. We have chosen settings so that the collection and processing of the communication content generally takes place on servers in the European Union. As Zoom is based in the USA, we cannot exclude the possibility that data processing (in particular meeting metadata) may also take place in the USA when using the service. A collection and processing of your data through the use of Zoom takes place on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR (participation contract). We store the data collected and processed by Zoom on our behalf for the duration of the Zoom webinar and subsequently for the duration of the statutory retention periods, if this is required. We have no influence on the duration of the data processed by Zoom under its own responsibility. Please contact Zoom directly for information in this regard. Automated decision-making pursuant to Art. 22 GDPR does not take place. Please note that we may record Zoom webinars and publish them afterwards on our website or social media channels. Participants will not be visible or identifiable in these recordings. As participants can only ask written questions, they will not appear visually in the recording. The answer to the participant's question will be part of the webinar recording. If, contrary to expectations, personal data of the participants is visible during the recording, it will be made unrecognisable before publication. The recording and storage of the webinar is based on Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f) GDPR, as these processing operations are in our legitimate interest to improve the quality of our webinars. When the webinars are published, no further processing of personal data will take place, as we will make them unrecognisable beforehand - if they can be viewed at all. We offer you the opportunity to apply for a position at DeepL via our career page and the integrated career portal, or by email. This digital recruitment process means that in order to complete the application procedure, your application data (usually name, contact information, cover letter, resume, as well as other supporting documents and credentials) is collected and processed electronically. The personal data you provide will be used exclusively for processing your job application. Your data will only be shared with persons involved in the application process. If you submit your documents in German only, even though an English version of the documents was requested in the job advertisement, we reserve the right to translate your documents into English using DeepL’s PDF translation feature. The legal basis for the processing of your applicant data is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR in conjunction with Art. 88 para. 1 GDPR in conjunction with § 26 para. 1, 8 sentence 2 BDSG ("Bundesdatenschutzgesetz": German Federal Data Protection Act). If you apply for a freelance job at DeepL, the legal basis for the processing of your applicant data is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR. If a contract is concluded with you and a work visa is required, Localyze will take over the further coordination of obtaining the work visa. It is possible that Localyze will need to obtain further data from you in addition to the applicant data in order to be able to support you in the visa process (e.g., passport scan; health insurance confirmation). The processing of personal data by Localyze is necessary for the implementation of the employment relationship and is therefore covered by Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR in conjunction with Art. 88 para. 1 GDPR in conjunction with § 26 para. 1, 8 sentence 2 BDSG ("Bundesdatenschutzgesetz": German Federal Data Protection Act). If, following the recruitment process, an employment contract is concluded, we will store your personal data as part of your personnel file for the purpose of standard organizational and administrative procedures, in compliance with the more extensive legal obligations. In this case, the legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR in conjunction with Art. 88 para. 1 GDPR in conjunction with § 26 para. 1 BDSG ("Bundesdatenschutzgesetz": German Federal Data Protection Act). When working on a freelance basis for DeepL, we will store your personal data for the purpose of executing your contract with us. In this case, the legal basis for the processing of your data is Art. 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 lit. b) GDPR. In the event of a rejection on your part or ours, we will retain the data submitted to us for up to a maximum of six months following notification of the rejection. We will subsequently delete the data unless legal regulations require us to store the data for a longer period. If you expressly agree to a longer storage period of your data e.g., for your inclusion in our internal applicant pool, the data will be further processed based on your consent in accordance with Art. 6. para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a) GDPR. Your data will then be stored in our pool of applicants for 1000 days. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future. 19. Data SecurityYour connections to our website and our apps are protected with encryption techniques in line with the current state of the art. The level of protection also depends on which encryption your Internet browser and/or mobile device supports. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by looking at the closed key or lock symbol in the status bar of your browser. We also use suitable technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments. Your connections to our website and our apps are protected with encryption techniques in line with the current state of the art. The level of protection also depends on which encryption your Internet browser and/or mobile device supports. You can tell whether an individual page of our website is transmitted in encrypted form by looking at the closed key or lock symbol in the status bar of your browser. We also use suitable technical and organizational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or unauthorized access by third parties. Our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments. The following rights are granted by European Union directives and regulations. If you wish to exercise any of the rights listed below, please contact us at the above address. In addition, you can object to the further processing of your data if we process your data based on our legitimate interest (Art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. f), Art. 21 GDPR). If we process your data for the purpose of direct advertising, you have a general right to object. If we do not process your data for advertising purposes, the objection must be based on your particular situation. If you have any specific questions or concerns about privacy and data protection in South Korea, also with regard to previous versions of this privacy policy, please contact the privacy team of DeepL at privacy(at)deepl.com. As described above, we will process your data for as long as is necessary for the stated purpose and if applicable, to the extent that you have consented to. Subsequently, we will delete your personal data without undue delay. We will permanently destroy any personal data saved in electronic format in a way that it cannot be restored and recovered. Personal information printed on paper will be destroyed by shredding thereof. However, as outlined above in section 6.2, DeepL is obliged to retain certain personal data of users as required by applicable laws. Relevant laws under Korean law include, in particular, the Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce (Article 6) which provides for the retention of data on contract as well as withdrawals and revocations thereof for 5 years, data on the provision of services for 5 years and data on consumer complaints or consumer disputes for 3 years. The Protection of Communications Secrets Act provides in Article 15-2 to retain records of computer communication or internet log and trace data of access point for 3 months. In addition to the measures set out in section 19 of this privacy policy, under the Korean Personal Information Protection Act we take various technical, administrative and physical measures to ensure data security and the security of personal data. For example, we manage access rights to our systems that contain personal data as well as pseudonymized data in a traceable manner; we take various measures to prevent unauthorised access to personal and pseudonymized data, including maintaining a VPN network; we regularly train our employees in the handling of personal data, including pseudonymized data and data security. We regularly evaluate our data processing procedures and modify them as necessary. In addition, we work with strict physical access controls to e.g. our IT infrastructure and data storage systems as well as to documents that contain personal data. As outlined above in section 9.2, we analyze pseudonymized data about our customers' use of DeepL Pro products to understand general usage habits and derive different target and user groups. Pseudonymized data is used only until the purpose of data analysis is fulfilled and is destroyed thereafter. As outlined above in section 19, you have the right to exercise your rights as a data subject by contacting us at privacy(at)deepl.com. DeepL Pro-customers can also reach out to support(at)deepl.com for assistance. You may exercise your rights through a legal representative or an authorized agent. In such cases, the legal representative or agent must present a signed power of attorney in writing to act on your behalf. Our service is not intended for children under the age of 14, and DeepL does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 14. If you have any reason to believe that a child under the age of 14 has provided personal data to DeepL through the service, please contact us at privacy(at)deepl.com. We will investigate any such notification and if appropriate, delete the personal data from our systems. We may transfer personal data to the overseas delegatees listed below in order to provide services and enhance customer convenience. In order to deliver our services, we may store your personal data on DeepL servers located within the EEA and transfer it to the delegatees located abroad. The overseas transfer is conducted through telecommunication network from time to time as needed. The transferred data will be retained and used in accordance with our privacy policy's retention periods. This overseas transfer is essential for the provision of our services. Therefore, if you refuse the overseas transfer, it may restrict your access to our services. [email protected] Last update: November 2023