listudy .org  × Board Settings Select a color: Blue Brown Green IC Select a piece set: cburnett merida chessnut pirouetti pixel shapes letter × Select a color: Blue Brown Green IC Select a piece set: cburnett merida chessnut pirouetti pixel shapes letter × Sound Settings Play Sound Volume Test Sounds Move Capture Success Error Last edited: 2020-06-24 Listudy.org (“Listudy”) is an online chess site. Users can optionally register for an account; however, certain features are available for registered users only. This is because Listudy needs basic information from its users in order to function. This privacy policy will detail: Information that Listudy collects: User submitted information If you create an account, you will be asked to provide a email address. This email address does not have to be a real email address. Technical information When you visit Listudy, some information about the request is logged on the server. This information includes the time of the request, the HTTP method, the URI of the request, the status code generated by the server and the referrer of the request. Your email address will remain confidential and is used to log in or in case you forget your password. Moderators are able to set email addresses for accounts to assist in troubleshooting. This information is stored to detect attacks and malicious access to the site. Disclosing your information Your information will only be disclosed if it is legally necessary to do so. For example, if Listudy is ordered to hand over a certain user’s information, or if someone hacks Listudy. If Listudy is sold, the data provided by the user (such as emails, pgns, comments) will be transferred to a new third party owner. A cookie is a text string that Listudy stores in your browser in order to keep you logged in throughout sessions and save your site preferences. You can edit or delete your user provided informations at any time. Information you delete is deleted from the live site but remains in Listudy’ backups for up to one year. Your technical informations are needed for administrative purposes and cannot be deleted. Collected information is stored on Listudy’ servers, which are hosted by DigitalOcean. You may choose to close your account at any time, for any reason. Send me an email if you want to close your account. Listudy can change this policy at its discretion. Features Contact me at: arne@listudy.org