Loading...  Login Privacy Policy Your privacy matters to us. Delve into our Privacy Policy to understand how we handle and protect your personal information. Discover our commitment to data security, transparency, and your rights, ensuring a trusted and confidential experience throughout your interactions with our platform. Your privacy matters to us. Delve into our Privacy Policy to understand how we handle and protect your personal information. Discover our commitment to data security, transparency, and your rights, ensuring a trusted and confidential experience throughout your interactions with our platform. This policy was last updated on January 16, 2022. At Android වැඩකාරයෝ (Android Wedakarayo), we want you to enjoy and benefit from our websites and online services secure in the knowledge that we have implemented fair information practices designed to protect your privacy. Our privacy policy is applicable to Android වැඩකාරයෝ, and Android වැඩකාරයෝ’s affiliates and subsidiaries whose websites, mobile applications, and other online services are directly linked (the “Sites”). The privacy policy describes the kinds of information we may gather during your visit to these Sites, how we use your information when we might disclose your personally identifiable information, and how you can manage your information. This privacy policy does not apply to Sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we may link or who may link to us. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third-party websites. By visiting our Sites, you are accepting the practices described in our privacy policy, including our use of cookies and similar online tools. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the Sites. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our privacy policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this privacy policy retroactively or to personally identifiable information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments and seek your consent for such use. We collect two basic types of information from you in conjunction with your use of the Sites: non-personally identifiable information and personally identifiable information. Non-personally identifiable information does not individually identify you, but it may include tracking and usage information about your general location, demographics, use of the Sites, and the Internet. Personally, identifiable information is any information that can individually identify you and includes your name, address, phone number, and email address, or non-personally identifiable information that has been linked to such personally identifiable information. As a general matter, you can browse the Sites without submitting your personally identifiable information to us. However, there are a number of circumstances in which you may supply us with your personally identifiable information, including when you subscribe to our publications, newsletters, and other content; register for a Site or any part thereof; complete a poll or participate in market research; enter a contest; upload content; or when you seek employment at Android වැඩකාරයෝ. When you interact with the Sites, we may collect certain information that does not identify you individually (“non-personally identifiable information” or “non-PII”), such as demographic data; information about your computer, mobile device, or other devices that you use to access the Sites, including IP address, general location information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language, and other transactional information. We may also collect information about your use of the Sites, including your search terms and search results, and additional “traffic data” such as time of access, date of access, software crash reports, session identification number, access times, and referring website addresses. Our servers may automatically keep an activity log of your use of our Sites. In addition to non-identifiable individual information, we may collect aggregate data regarding the use of the Sites. In addition, when you interact with any Android වැඩකාරයෝ property page or account on a social media platform, such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, or LinkedIn, we may collect the personally identifiable information that you make available to us on that page or account including your social media account ID. However, we will comply with the privacy policies of the corresponding social media platform and we will only collect and store such personally identifiable information that we are permitted to collect by those social media platforms. If you choose to link or login to your Android වැඩකාරයෝ account with or through a social networking service, Android වැඩකාරයෝ and that service may share certain information about you and your activities. With your consent, we also may share information about your activities, including what you view on the Sites, with that social network’s users. We collect and store your device’s source IP address which may disclose the general location of your device at the time you access the Sites. Advertisements and certain content may be directed to you as a result of this data. Information From Other Sources: We may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties or collect offline and add it to your account information. This information may include but is not limited to, demographic information, additional contact information, group affiliations, occupational information, and educational background. We use the information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on the Sites, including to: We may use the information from one portion of the Sites on other portions of Sites in our network of sites, all of which are owned and operated by Android වැඩකාරයෝ, and we may combine information gathered from multiple portions of the Sites into a single user record. We also may use or combine information that we collect offline or we collect or receive from third-party sources for many reasons, including to enhance, expand, and check the accuracy of our records. Additionally, data collected from a particular browser or device may be used with another computer or device that is linked to the browser or device on which such data was collected. We will not disclose your personally identifiable information collected from the Sites to any organizations not part of Android වැඩකාරයෝ or its subsidiaries or related entities, except as described in this privacy policy. We have third-party agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and partners that perform functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to, hosting, content syndication, content management tools, social media integration, marketing, analytics, billing, and customer service. These entities may have access to personally identifiable information if needed to perform their functions. If such access is required, the third parties will be obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that personally identifiable information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing, or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Sites. Below is a list of Third-party scripts or SDKs that may be used on Android වැඩකාරයෝ: Google Analytics for Firebase (Google Inc.)Google Analytics for Firebase or Firebase Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. In order to understand Google’s use of Data, consult Google’s partner policy. Firebase Analytics may share Data with other tools provided by Firebase, such as Crash Reporting, Authentication, Remote Config or Notifications. The User may check this privacy policy to find a detailed explanation about the other tools used by the Owner. This Application uses identifiers for mobile devices (including Android Advertising ID or Advertising Identifier for iOS, respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the Firebase Analytics service. Twitter Pixel for Analytics Pixel Twitter is an analytics service provided by Twitter Inc. In order to understand Twitter’s use of Data, consult Twitter’s partner policy. Through our Digital Properties, you are able to exercise choice with respect to certain data practices of companies participating in the choice tools we provide. When you exercise your choice, we may share some information collected from you, your computer, or your mobile device with these companies so that they may honor your requests concerning their data collection practices. Additionally, we may share information with service providers who may assist us in responding to your inquiries or requests, or otherwise perform some business or operational function for us. We may also disclose personal information about you if required to do so by law, including without limitation, by search warrant, subpoena, or court order; to protect our and third-party rights, and for purposes disclosed at the time of collection. Our Digital Properties may contain links to other websites operated by third parties we do not control and this Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through our Digital Properties. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these other websites. In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or a merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, Android වැඩකාරයෝ may transfer your personally identifiable information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. Under such circumstances we would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this privacy policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this privacy policy. In some cases, we may use or disclose your personally identifiable information to a third party if we are required to do so by law or if we in good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with the law or legal process; to protect and defend our rights or to prevent misuse of our Sites; or to protect the personal safety of our employees, agents, partners, the users of the Sites, or the public. We may disclose or share individual, non-personally identifiable information and aggregate information in any manner other than that described herein that we deem appropriate or necessary. Among other things, we will disclose non-personally identifiable information to third parties to help us determine how people use parts of the Sites and who our users are so we can improve our Sites. We will also disclose non-personally identifiable information to our partners and other third parties about how our users collectively use the Sites. Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Like many websites, we use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to record your preferences, track the use of our Websites and your exposure to our online advertisements. We may also use these technologies to monitor traffic, improve the Sites and make it easier and/or relevant for your use. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. If you delete your cookies or if you set your web browser to decline cookies, some features of the Sites may not work or may not work as designed. We also use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), on our Websites. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Websites, compile reports on the Websites’ activity, and provide other services related to Websites' activity and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. The Websites do not use Google Analytics to gather the information that personally identifies you. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies. We may partner with third-party advertising companies to better provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. These third-party advertisers may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the Sites. They may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based advertising or other targeted content. These online advertising partners do not have access to or use your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, or other personally identifiable information from us, without your consent. They may, however, use persistent identifiers to anonymously track your Internet usage across other websites in their networks beyond these Sites. While we restrict their further use of such information, such third parties may, with sufficient data from other sources, be able to personally identify you, unknown to us. Many of the third-party advertisers that place tracking tools on our Websites are members of programs that offer you additional choices regarding the collection and use of your information. You can learn more about the options available to limit these third parties’ collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance, as well as the web pages for Facebook’s ad preferences tool and privacy policy. Similarly, you can learn about your options to opt out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings. For more information about how to change these settings for Apple, Android, or Windows devices, see: Please note that opting out of advertising networks services does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our Websites or on other websites, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs. It will, however, exclude you from interest-based advertising conducted through participating networks, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms. Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality. Because a “Do Not Track” compliance protocol has not yet been finalized, Android වැඩකාරයෝ’s information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to customers, will continue to operate as described in this privacy policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received. We believe you should have choices about the collection, use, and sharing of your information. Although you cannot opt out of all data collection when you visit our sites, you can limit the collection, use, and sharing of your personally identifiable information. For information regarding your choices related to interest-based advertising, please see the “How to Do the Sites Use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?” section above. All personally identifiable information is provided on a voluntary basis. If you do not want Android වැඩකාරයෝ to collect such information, you should not submit it to the Sites. However, doing so will restrict your ability to access some content and use some of the functionality of the sites. You may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail marketing messages and newsletters from Android වැඩකාරයෝ by following the instructions contained within the emails and newsletters, or by emailing, calling, or writing us at the addresses below. We attempt to protect the personally identifiable information of all users of our Sites and we attempt to comply with local data protection and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to Android වැඩකාරයෝ’s services. If you are uncertain whether this privacy policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your personally identifiable information to Android වැඩකාරයෝ. If you are located outside Sri Lanka, you should be aware that information about you will be transferred to Sri Lanka. If you are located in a country outside of Sri Lanka and voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to us, you hereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this privacy policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, Sri Lanka. In compliance with European privacy laws, in particular the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Android වැඩකාරයෝ provides specific additional rights for citizens of the European Territories such as the right to access, rectification, right to object, to complaint, erasure out and blockage. More specifically: In addition to the above, we reference certain rights for European Territory citizens throughout this Privacy Policy. Pursuant to the GDPR, citizens from “European Territories” mean the European Economic Area (EEA) and Switzerland. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the term “European Territories” shall continue to include the United Kingdom, even after the United Kingdom leaves the European Economic Area following Brexit. Please email contact (at) androidwedakarayo.com with the subject line “GDPR Request” for any questions about exercising any of the above rights. We take reasonable security measures to protect your information, including the use of physical, technical, and administrative controls. Please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your personally identifiable information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. You need to help protect the privacy of your own information. You must take precautions to protect the security of any personally identifiable information that you may transmit over any home networks, wireless routers, wireless (WiFi) networks, or similar devices by using encryption and other techniques to prevent unauthorized persons from intercepting or receiving any of your personally identifiable information. You are responsible for the security of your information when using unencrypted, open access, or otherwise unsecured networks. The time period for which we keep information varies according to the purpose for which it is used. In some cases, there are legal requirements to keep data for a minimum period. Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the information, we will retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed. When we run a contest or giveaway or game relating to our Sites, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest, giveaway or game will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed if it is different than as described in this privacy policy. In conjunction with your entry in such a contest or giveaway, personally identifiable information will be collected only if you voluntarily submit it. The Sites are not intended for children under 16 years of age. Android වැඩකාරයෝ does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of age. If you are under 16 years of age, do not provide personal information to Android වැඩකාරයෝ without providing us with consent from your parents. If Android වැඩකාරයෝ discovers that a child under the age of 16 has provided Android වැඩකාරයෝ with personal information and we do not have parental consent, Android වැඩකාරයෝ will immediately delete that child’s information from the Sites. If you believe that the company has been provided with the personal information of a child under the age of 16 without parental consent, please notify us immediately at contact (at) androidwedakarayo.com. Android වැඩකාරයෝ does not disclose your personal information to third parties for third parties' direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosures. If you have an account with Android වැඩකාරයෝ, you may review and change your information by logging into your account and editing your account profile. If you have questions about our privacy policy, you may contact us at: Email: contact (at) androidwedakarayo.com You may also use the contact information provided to request access or changes to your personally identifiable information; however, you will not be permitted to examine the personally identifiable information of any other person or entity and may be required to provide us with personally identifiable information to verify your identity prior to accessing any records containing information about you. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete personally identifiable information if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.