Airtable home or view your bases Platform Platform Overview Unlock the power of a next-gen app-building platform App Building Enable teams to build custom business apps—no code needed AI Transform business workflows with the power of AI Connected Data Connect data from apps, workflows, and tools to create a source of truth Governance and Scale Centrally manage security, permissions and data protection at scale Platform Features Learn about Airtable views, interfaces, automations, and more Back Features Automations Achieve more in less time via automations Interface Designer Create custom interfaces from your data Views Tailor data visualizations to your teams’ needs Reporting Measure, analyze, and share insights Apps by Airtable Get started faster with pre-configured apps Explore the Platform Tools Integrations Integrate with tools like Slack, Google Drive, and Salesforce Slack Add real-time messaging to your workflows Google Drive Sync information and build workflows Salesforce Leverage CRM data across teams and tools Jira Generate tickets and sync work from Airtable Zendesk Simplify and streamline workflows See all integrations Extension Marketplace Explore 1000+ templates, scripts, and apps Download Get the Airtable app for desktop and mobile What’s New See Airtable’s latest product updates and features Explore the platform Solutions Teams Product Build roadmaps and alignment while creating products customers will love Marketing Create custom workflows to run campaigns and track successes Operations Bring your data and processes into a single, well-organized place Human Resources Manage and streamline processes from hire to retire Sales Win loyal customers with smarter workflows and connected data Finance Streamline requests, manage budgets, and automate reporting Learn more Resources Learn By Topic Airtable 101 Learning Center Hands-on resources to expand your skills Getting Started Begin with Airtable basics and set-up How-To: Tools & Tips Learn features, strategies, and flows Product Updates Airtable product news and feature releases Topic Strategy and Planning Discover the power of real-time data Increase Efficiency Streamline and automate any workflow Centralize Data Create a source of truth for your organization Teams and Collaboration Build best practices that unite teams and data Industry Trends See how businesses stay competitive See all resources By Team Team Stay aligned while creating beloved products Create custom workflows to run campaigns By Type Type Webinars Demos Videos eBooks Reports Quick Reads Guides Articles Connect Events Partners Services Community Airtable Community Welcome to our official community hub Airtable Universe User-created templates, bases, and flows Explore Templates Content Calendar Event Planning Product Roadmap Organizational Chart Social Media Calendar Marketing Campaign Tracker Product Launch Content Strategy Product Strategy Inventory Tracker Product Catalog See all templates Customer Stories Blog Developers Dev Community Share ideas and find solutions from peers API Docs Build with the Airtable API Custom Extensions Create real-time, interactive extensions Scripting Build something custom with scripts Support Contact Support Support Docs Explore all resources Contact Sales Last Modified: December 1, 2022.You can see our previous Privacy Policies . | We — meaning Formagrid Inc, doing business as Airtable (also "we," "our," or "us") — prepared this Privacy Policy to help you understand our practices with respect to the collection, use, and disclosure of information we collect from you through: (i) airtable.com, its subdomains, and any other website where Airtable’s are posted; (ii) Airtable’s online hosted services; and (iii) Airtable’s “Software,” meaning, collectively, our browser extensions, mobile applications, other downloadable apps, application programming interfaces (“APIs”), and tools and documentation ((i) through (iii) collectively, our “Service” or “Airtable”). We collect information from you when you: Create or register an account, or administer your account Input, post, or upload information, data, or other content through the Service Submit questions, requests, or other communications to us via various communication channels Contact us for customer support or technical support Visit any of our websites or download any of our applications Participate in promotions, user conferences, webinars, demonstrations, contests, sweepstakes, surveys, or other marketing events Participate in research activities Interact with other Airtable users and guests on our community forums Integrate third-party products and services with your Airtable account We also collect information about you from our business partners, including referral partners and resellers, and third parties that help us with sales and marketing efforts, such as prospecting. We may also obtain publicly-available business contact information. Below is additional information about what we collect, depending on how you interact with the Service: “” includes all information, data, and other content, in any form or medium, that is collected, downloaded, or otherwise received, directly or indirectly, from you (or on your behalf) by or through the Service. It also includes information you provide when connecting a third-party account, product, or service to the Service. You (and anyone who can interact with your use of the Service) own and control the nature of any Content, subject to any applicable terms and conditions including our and this Privacy Policy. Our collection, use, and disclosure practices with respect to Content are distinct from those with respect to other sorts of information, as explained in below. Content Section 2.a. We may upload Content automatically with your authorization from third-party services (such as from your Google Drive). See below. Section 1.c. “” consists of information related to your access or use of our Service, the creation of accounts, or that otherwise identifies you as a customer or end user of the Service. Customer Information includes: Customer Information . This includes your name, mailing address, email address, postal code, telephone number, and other similar identifiers. . This includes username and password, payment information, company name, job title, business email address, and department. . This includes age and gender. . This includes information about products or services purchased, obtained or considered. . This includes your browsing history, log and analytics data, information about the device(s) used to access the Service, domain server, search history and information regarding your interaction with our Service, and other usage data. . This includes pictures you provide or upload in connection with our Service, and the content and audio or video recordings of phone or video calls between you and us that we record where permitted by law. . This includes your current employer, title, and location. . This includes personal information you provide to us in relation to a survey, comment, question, request, or inquiry, and information you provide when you connect a third-party account, product or service to the Service. . This includes inferring your location using your IP address, or using data from your use of our Service to make predictions about your preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. If you are an end user using the Service through an account created on your behalf by an Airtable customer (such as an employer, an organization of which you are a member, or another individual), we may collect and process Customer Information about you on behalf of the Airtable customer with whom your use of the Service is associated. If you create your account using a service provided by a third party such as Google or Apple, or a single-sign-on service provided by a third party such as Okta, we may collect Customer Information about you from the third-party service (such as your username or user ID associated with that third-party service). If you create your account using such a third-party service, or if you give us permission by changing the settings on your Airtable account, we may also collect, and you authorize us to collect, information about your personal contacts as may be stored within that third-party service, which we may use to facilitate your invitation of collaborators to Airtable. By choosing to create an account using a third-party service, you also authorize us to collect Customer Information necessary to authenticate your account with the third party. Certain aspects of Airtable allow you to link or integrate third-party products and services to enable certain features and functionalities with Airtable. For example, you can connect your Google Drive account to generate Content in Airtable from information and data contained in your Google Drive or integrate with third-party services using Airtable extensions. If you choose to use these features or functionalities, you may be asked to create an account with a third party that provides such features or functionalities or link your existing third-party service account with Airtable (and, by doing so, agree to the privacy policy and/or terms and conditions of that third party). You may also be asked to authorize Airtable to collect information from the third party on your behalf. We will then collect information (such as your username or user ID associated with that third-party service) from you and/or that third party as necessary to enable Airtable to access your data and content stored with that third-party service. Once the authentication is complete, we have the ability to access information you provided to us or was otherwise collected by the third-party service in accordance with the privacy practices of that third party. We will store the information and data we collect and associate it with your Airtable account, and we will use that information and data to enable the integration of Airtable with the third-party service and to perform actions requested or initiated by you, or that are reasonably necessary to carry out instructions provided by you. We collect information about how you use Airtable and your actions on Airtable, including your IP addresses, browser types, operating systems, ISPs, platform types, device types, and mobile device identifiers such as make and model, and mobile carrier. We may also use tools, including third-party tools, to collect analytics data. Some of this information is collected through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, session replay scripts, and similar technologies. Please see our for more information about our use of cookies and similar tracking technologies. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we will not use or access your Content except: to provide, maintain, improve, or optimize use of Airtable; where you (or the organization through which you have an account) explicitly approve access (e.g., during a customer support inquiry); in response to lawful requests by law enforcement or government authorities; in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process or requests, as required by applicable law as determined in our discretion; where necessary (in our sole discretion) to ensure the stability and security of Airtable and our systems (e.g., where we have reason to believe specific Content is degrading server stability); and where necessary (in our sole discretion) to protect the rights, privacy, safety, or property of you, us, or others. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge and agree that we may retain, take possession of, delete, or deny you access to your Content if we believe, in our sole discretion, that some or all of your Content, or your use of Airtable, violates our . We also may analyze metadata related to Content (such as total number of records, file size, API volume, access logs, etc.). We use the information we collect for a variety of purposes, and how we use it depends on what we collect and which Service (or features of the Service) you use. These purposes may include: This includes use for the purpose of: (i) responding to requests or inquiries from you; (ii) providing customer support or technical assistance; (iii) contacting you to provide product updates or information about products you have requested or purchased; (iv) creating, managing, or administering your information and account, including identifying you with your account or the account of an Airtable customer; and (v) auditing relating to interactions, transactions, and other compliance activities. This includes use for the purpose of: (i) deriving market insights, ways to improve the Service, and performing other business analysis or research; (ii) customizing existing and future product offerings and other aspects of the Service to you and other users; (iii) securing the Service and our systems, and protecting your information and data; (iv) detecting security incidents and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; and (v) measuring interest in and engagement with our Service and short-term, transient use, such as contextual customization of ads. This includes use for the purpose of: (i) tailoring and providing you with information about Airtable products, services, and events that you may be interested in, including by email or phone, (ii) monitoring the performance of our advertisements and marketing efforts, and (iii) communicating with you about your engagement with our Service. This includes use for the purpose of: (i) establishing, exercising, investigating, prosecuting, or defending against legal claims; (ii) complying with laws or responding to lawful requests and legal process; (iii) protecting the rights and property of Airtable, our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, or ; (iv) detecting, suppressing, or preventing fraud; (v) reducing credit risk and collecting debts owed to us; (vi) protecting the health and safety of Airtable, our customers, or any person; or (vii) fulfilling other requirements under applicable law. This includes use for the purpose of enabling or supporting participation in any such program, which may involve the provision by Airtable partners of implementation, training, app-building, base-building, or other similar services. This includes use for other purposes that are clearly disclosed to you at the time you provide personal information, or with your consent. This includes use of aggregated or de-identified information for a wide variety of statistical, analytical, and Service improvement purposes. The aggregation or de-identification process prevents the information from being reassociated or identified with any one customer account, user, or individual. This includes use for our other, legitimate business purposes, or as permitted by applicable law. We disclose information we collect for specific purposes, including: When you ask us to, or otherwise give your specific consent (for example, by posting Content using the Universe feature), you consent to our making that Content visible to Airtable users or website guests; With affiliates and subsidiaries to provide you with aspects of the Service, such as customer support; With vendors that help us provide you with aspects of the Service, such as data storage, hosting, customer support, and payment processing, or that help us with marketing and email campaigns, to advertise, gain insights, and perform analytics into how the Service is used and how it might be improved; With third parties who enable certain features or functionalities of the Service that you’ve requested (for example, by installing extensions in Airtable); With an employer or other organization (or employees or other Airtable users associated with such an employer or other organization) on whose behalf you use the Service, that created an Airtable account on your behalf, or that owns, manages, or is associated with the email domain for an email address on your account; With the owner or collaborator of an Airtable workspace to which you have access or on which you are a collaborator as necessary to identify you to such owner or collaborator or enable you to collaborate as intended; With partners in any Airtable partner program, when you elect to work with one of our partners for implementation, training, app-building, base-building, or other similar services. As necessary to comply with applicable law, including governmental requests and law enforcement requests, and otherwise to protect the rights, privacy, safety, or property of you, us, or others; As necessary in the event of a proposed or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, financing, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock; With others for any legitimate business purpose that does not conflict with the statements made in this Privacy Policy. We may transfer to and process your personal information in countries outside of the jurisdiction where you are located for the various purposes described above. When required by law, we will ensure that we rely on an appropriate legal mechanism for the transfer, such as your consent, standard contractual clauses (or their equivalent), or adequacy decisions. You may ask us, using the contact information in of this policy, for more information about the specific basis we use for transferring your data. Section 9 We store your personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal or reporting requirements, and in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data; the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data; the purposes for which we process your personal data; and the applicable legal requirements. You may access, correct, amend, or delete Content within Airtable. You own all Content you upload provided you have lawful title thereto. Content you delete (including Content containing personal information) may be retained in archived or backup copies in order to enable you to use certain features like revision history and base snapshots. For instructions on how to permanently delete Content from your Airtable account, please contact us at . Please note that permanent deletion of Content through this process may impair or disable some features of the Service (such as revision history and base snapshots) with respect to that Content. We may use some of the information we collect for marketing purposes, including to send you promotional communications about new Airtable features, products, events, or other opportunities. If you wish to stop receiving these communications or to opt out of use of your information for these purposes, please follow the opt-out instructions by clicking "Unsubscribe" (or similar opt-out language) in those communications. You may also contact us at to opt out. You also may have certain rights with respect to your data depending on the jurisdiction in which you live. Please see the jurisdiction-specific sections below for a description of those rights. Airtable is not intended for use by children under the age of 16 (or other age as required by local law) and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as is practicable. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may contact us at . Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. If a revision is material, as determined solely by us, we will notify you, for example via email. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, including this policy, you may contact us by email at or by mail at Airtable, 799 Market St., 8th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94103. The disclosures in this section apply solely to residents of the European Economic Area (""), Switzerland, and the United Kingdom (""), and describe how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal data about you. Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in this section have the same meaning as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation (""). Airtable is the controller of the personal data we hold about you in connection with your use of the Service. EEA UK GDPR We collect and process your personal data for purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. Where required by law, we obtain your consent to use and process your personal data for these purposes. Otherwise, we rely on another authorized legal basis (including but not limited to the performance of a contract or legitimate interest) to collect and process your Personal Data. From time to time we may contact you with information about our products and services, including sending you marketing or advertising messages and asking for your feedback on our products and services. For some marketing or advertising messages, we may use personal data we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing or advertising information to share with you. You can unsubscribe at any time from our marketing or advertising emails by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or by contacting us at . In addition, when you give us your consent, we may provide your information to third parties for targeted advertising or we may allow our advertising partners to collect data about you for that purpose using cookies or similar technologies. For more information, please see our . You have the following rights in respect of your personal data that we hold: (i) right of access; (ii) right of portability; (iii) right to rectification; (iv) right to erasure; (v) right to restriction; (vi) right to withdraw consent; and (vii) right to object. You also have the right to lodge a complaint to your local data protection authority. Information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available . If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please submit a request by: Emailing with the subject line "European Rights Request", or Filling out a Data Subject Request using . Due to the confidential nature of data processing we may ask you to provide proof of identity when exercising the above rights. The disclosures in this section apply solely to individual residents of the State of California and provide additional information about how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personal information within the scope of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including its implementing regulations (""). Unless otherwise expressly stated, all terms in this section have the same meaning as defined in the CCPA. CCPA Certain data elements we collect and use to provide the Service may be deemed "sensitive personal information" under CCPA. These include your username and password to access your account and contents of any messages you send through our email integration feature. We do not use or disclose such sensitive personal information to “infer” characteristics as defined under the CCPA, or for any purpose other than that which is necessary to provide the Service as specified in the CCPA. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies that enable certain advertising networks, social media companies, analytics services, and other third-party businesses to collect and disclose your personal information directly from your browser or device when you visit or interact with our Service or otherwise engage with us online. In some cases, we may upload personal information to certain of these partners for advertising or analytics purposes. To opt out of these “sales” or “sharing” of personal information (as these terms are defined under the CCPA or other applicable US state privacy laws), you must: Toggle cookies off in our or enable Global Privacy Control (“”) on your browser; and GPC Submit a request using or email . Note that the above opt-out right does not apply where we have appropriately limited our partners to be our “service providers” or “processors” (as these terms are defined under the CCPA or other applicable US state privacy laws). To learn more about GPC, please visit . As a California resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law): The any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity: Right to Know The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; The categories of personal information we have collected about you; The categories of sources of the personal information; The categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed; The categories of personal information we have sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold or shared; and The business or commercial purposes for collecting, selling, or sharing the personal information. The of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions. Right to Request Deletion The of inaccurate personal information. Right to Request Correction The to third parties now or in the future. Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales or Sharing You also have the right to be free of discrimination for exercising these rights. However, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our Service or engage with you in the same manner. Please see above to exercise your right to opt out of personal information sales or sharing. Section 11.b. To exercise your rights to know, correct, or delete, please submit a request by: Emailing privacy@airtable.com with the subject line "California Rights Request" or We will need to verify your identity before processing your request. In order to verify your identity, we will generally require either the successful login to your account (if applicable) and/or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. Although we try to limit the personal information collected in connection with a request to know, correct, or delete, certain requests may require us to obtain additional personal information from you. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the right to know, correct, or delete, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law. We do not sell or share the personal information of consumers we know to be less than 16 years of age. Please contact us at to inform us if you, or your minor child, are under the age of 16. In addition to the rights described above, California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83) permits California residents that have an established business relationship with us to request certain information regarding our disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year. To make such a request, please send an email to . The disclosures in this section apply solely to individual residents of the States of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. Privacy laws in these states give residents certain rights with respect to their personal data, when they take effect over the course of 2023. Those rights include: . You have the right to access and obtain a copy of your personal data. . You have the right to request that we delete personal data provided by or obtained about you. . You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data. . You may ask us not to use or disclose your information for the purposes of targeting advertising to you based on your personal data obtained from your activity across different businesses, services, websites, etc. to third parties. To submit a request to exercise your access, deletion, or correction privacy rights, please email us at with the subject line “Privacy Rights Request” and let us know in which state you live, or complete this . Please see for a description of how to exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising or sales. Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia may appeal a refusal to take action on a request by contacting us by email at . For residents of the State of Nevada, Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. Although we do not currently sell covered information, please contact us at to submit such a request. If you live in Canada, you have the following rights: . You can ask us to: (i) confirm that we have personal information about you, and (ii) provide you a copy of that information. . You can ask us to correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal information that we have about you. You may submit a request by contacting us at with the subject line “Canadian Privacy Rights Request”. Before we honor your request, we will need to verify your identity.