Toggle Navigation Digital ID Wallet ID Verification & Screening Global Onboarding Passwordless Login Individuals Developers Businesses Web3 Projects Financial Institutions Blog Mission & Promise Who / Careers Press / Whitepapers  Privacy Policy 2022-07-18T21:54:08+00:00 Last modified: 27 November 2020 Welcome to GlobaliD Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) where we describe the types, means and purposes by which GlobaliD processes your Personal Data when you use GlobaliD Services (“Services”), and how you can control your Personal Data and exercise your Privacy Rights. This Policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information (“Personal Data”), and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions. Privacy is the foundation upon which we built GlobaliD. At GlobaliD, we provide a platform where users can establish a unique identity comprised of user-specific Verifications. We provide our users the ability to store Personal Data securely on their devices or through our platform, and share Personal Data only as needed with GlobaliD or third parties. Therefore, instead of transferring Personal Data to third parties, users only share access to their Personal Data. This way we eliminate the need to store Personal Data and enable our users to control access to their digital identities. All capitalized terms used in this Policy are defined in the “Definitions” table below. The GlobaliD identity system is built on three core pillars: privacy, security, and trust. We enable privacy through verifications or securely-made claims about the validity of some piece of information about your identity. Verifications associated with your GlobaliD Name are public and viewable to GlobaliD Name holders and partners, but the underlying Personal Data (e.g. date of birth, phone number) is private and is only ever seen by the third party providing the verification, or if you chose to grant an entity or person access to your Personal Data. Our user’s Personal Data is encrypted, anonymized and backed up to the cloud. The key required to decrypt that data is only held by the owner of the name. Permissions are based on trust: before granting permission to a GlobaliD user to perform a given action, an app or website needs to trust that the user is (a) who they claim to be, and (b) authorized to perform that action. Trust, therefore, has two components: authentication and authorization. GlobaliD authenticates users with cryptography techniques where the owner of a name has a private key used to prove ownership. This private key is stored securely on the user’s mobile phone or in encrypted version in the cloud. Authorization is the process by which an app or website checks that a given user is allowed to perform a given action. The Verifications acquired by GlobaliD Name holders prove that a given piece of information about a particular GlobaliD Name holder was valid at a particular point in time. Collectively, the Verifications associated with GlobaliD Name holders allow users to build a reputation. Using this reputation, an app, website, or merchant can decide whether or not to allow the name’s owner to perform a given action. The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information. Context Personal Data we Collect How we Use Data Context Personal Data we Collect How we Use Data Account Registration We may collect your name, display name, unique description and telephone number when you create a GlobaliD account. We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account. We collect this information to provide you with our Services. We also use your account preferences and transaction history to identify you when you visit our website or use our application. Account Registration We may collect your name, display name, unique description and telephone number when you create a GlobaliD account. We also collect information relating to the actions that you perform while logged into your account. We collect this information to provide you with our Services. We also use your account preferences and transaction history to identify you when you visit our website or use our application. Cookies and First Party Tracking We use cookies to operate our website and Services efficiently and capture website analytics. Demographic Information If you use certain GlobaliD Services, you may give us Consent to collect demographic information about you. We use certain demographic information to provide tailored Services to our users by identifying when you visit our website or use our application. Demographic Information If you use certain GlobaliD Services, you may give us Consent to collect demographic information about you. We use certain demographic information to provide tailored Services to our users by identifying when you visit our website or use our application. Feedback/Support If you provide us with feedback or contact us for support, we collect your name and email address or GlobaliD Name, as well as any other content that you send to us. We use this information to receive, respond to, and act upon your feedback or support issues. Feedback/Support If you provide us with feedback or contact us for support, we collect your name and email address or GlobaliD Name, as well as any other content that you send to us. We use this information to receive, respond to, and act upon your feedback or support issues. Location-based Information If you use certain GlobaliD Services you may give us Consent to collect information about your general location. We collect location-based information to provide tailored Services to our users. Location-based Information If you use certain GlobaliD Services you may give us Consent to collect information about your general location. We collect location-based information to provide tailored Services to our users. Mobile Devices We collect information from your mobile device such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting our application. We use this information to understand how users interact with us on their mobile devices to provide tailored Services. Mobile Devices We collect information from your mobile device such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting our application. We use this information to understand how users interact with us on their mobile devices to provide tailored Services. Messaging We collect information about your GlobaliD Messenger actions, including who you add or remove from contacts, your chat history, message length, blocked users, and message type, (image or text). We use your GlobaliD messaging activity to provide the Messenger functionality to our users. Messaging We collect information about your GlobaliD Messenger actions, including who you add or remove from contacts, your chat history, message length, blocked users, and message type, (image or text). We use your GlobaliD messaging activity to provide the Messenger functionality to our users. User Information We collect Personal Data about our users, including but not limited to their name, email address and phone number. We require user information to provide users with access to our Services, communicate with users and manage accounts, and for safety and security reasons, such as Verifications of accounts. We also use this data pursuant to a contractual agreement with the user. User Information We collect Personal Data about our users, including but not limited to their name, email address and phone number. We require user information to provide users with access to our Services, communicate with users and manage accounts, and for safety and security reasons, such as Verifications of accounts. We also use this data pursuant to a contractual agreement with the user. Website Interactions We use technology to monitor how you interact with our website. This may include which links you click on or information that you type into our online forms. This may also include information about your device or browser. We collect website interaction information to make improvements to our website and to understand your preferences. We also collect this information to prevent against malicious, deceptive or fraudulent activity. Website Interactions We use technology to monitor how you interact with our website. This may include which links you click on or information that you type into our online forms. This may also include information about your device or browser. We collect website interaction information to make improvements to our website and to understand your preferences. We also collect this information to prevent against malicious, deceptive or fraudulent activity. Web Logs We collect information, including your browser type, operating system,Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors. If you use certain Services within the GlobaliD App or the GlobaliD Site, or functionality enabled through GlobaliD SDKs and APIs, third parties may provide information to us and you in the context of those Services. These third parties include business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources, including the Verifications provided by our Verification Providers. We retain your data for as long as is necessary and/or required by law. In addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways: Anonymous Data: We may also use your Personal Data that you Consent to allowing GlobaliD access (e.g., GlobaliD Name, public name, public description): GlobaliD does not use your data for ad targeting. We only collect and process Personal Data about you where we have a legal basis for doing so under applicable data protection laws. We process Personal Data in the following ways: Although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose. For example, if you submit Personal Data to procure GlobaliD Services, we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information as we have a legitimate interest in maintaining your information after your transaction is complete. As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your Consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our legitimate interest in conducting our business. In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this Policy, we disclose your Personal Data as described in the following situations: Affiliates and Acquisitions. Other Disclosures with Your Consent. Other Disclosures without Your Consent. Service Providers. You can make the following choices regarding your Personal Data: Access Your Personal Data. Change Your Personal Data. Delete Your Personal Data. Object to Certain Processing. Online Tracking. Withdraw your Consent. The following additional information relates to our privacy practices: Transmission of Information to Other Countries. Scope and Applicability. Third Party Applications/Websites. Our Policy on Children: Abusive or Inappropriate Information: Changes to this Privacy Policy. Information for California Residents. We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices, please contact us at the address below. We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information. If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. 1. Period for which your Personal Data will be stored 2. Automated decision-making, including profiling 3. How GlobaliD protects your Personal Data For Personal Data that you have not designated public: 4. Who can you contact if you have further questions or requests about your privacy? Anonymous Data Data and information that does not permit you to be identified or identifiable, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third party. Anonymous Data Data and information that does not permit you to be identified or identifiable, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third party. Consent Any freely-given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the GlobaliD Name holder’s wishes by which he/she, through a statement or clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the Processing of Personal Data relating to him/her. Any GlobaliD user may withdraw his or her Consent; however, it will be subject to the applicable laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, data retention requirements. Consent Any freely-given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the GlobaliD Name holder’s wishes by which he/she, through a statement or clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the Processing of Personal Data relating to him/her. Any GlobaliD user may withdraw his or her Consent; however, it will be subject to the applicable laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, data retention requirements. Controller The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Data. GlobaliD Name holders are Controllers of their own Personal Data associated with their GlobaliD Names, including Verifications, while GlobaliD acts as a Processor on behalf of GlobaliD Name holders facilitating them in creating, managing and using their own GlobaliD Names. Controller The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the Processing of Personal Data. GlobaliD Name holders are Controllers of their own Personal Data associated with their GlobaliD Names, including Verifications, while GlobaliD acts as a Processor on behalf of GlobaliD Name holders facilitating them in creating, managing and using their own GlobaliD Names. GlobaliD App Mobile applications published by GlobaliD and available at Apple App Store and Google Play Store. GlobaliD App Mobile applications published by GlobaliD and available at Apple App Store and Google Play Store. GlobaliD Directory GlobaliD Identity Name System (“INS”) A registry of unique GlobaliD Names for every person or entity that uses the GlobaliD Service or seeks authorized access to participating GlobaliD interoperable third-party services. GlobaliD Identity Name System (“INS”) A registry of unique GlobaliD Names for every person or entity that uses the GlobaliD Service or seeks authorized access to participating GlobaliD interoperable third-party services. GlobaliD Name The name(s) chosen by each GlobaliD user, which represents his/her identity. Every person and entity in GlobaliD has a GlobaliD Name. No two parties can have the same GlobaliD Name, but GlobaliD Name holders can have multiple GlobaliD Names. GlobaliD Name The name(s) chosen by each GlobaliD user, which represents his/her identity. Every person and entity in GlobaliD has a GlobaliD Name. No two parties can have the same GlobaliD Name, but GlobaliD Name holders can have multiple GlobaliD Names. GlobaliD Nameholder (“Nameholder”) The holder of a GlobaliD Name. GlobaliD Nameholder (“Nameholder”) The holder of a GlobaliD Name. GlobaliD Partners Any third party that accepts GlobaliD as a means of establishing identity. GlobaliD Partners Any third party that accepts GlobaliD as a means of establishing identity. GlobaliD Public Verifications Database The list of Verification Types attached to GlobaliD Name holders. GlobaliD Public Verifications Database is available on the GlobaliD Site or via API. GlobaliD Public Verifications Database The list of Verification Types attached to GlobaliD Name holders. GlobaliD Public Verifications Database is available on the GlobaliD Site or via API. GlobaliD SDKs and APIs The software development kits (“SDKs”) and application programming interfaces (“APIs”) designed and licensed by GlobaliD that third parties will be used to enable certain GlobaliD features. GlobaliD SDKs and APIs The software development kits (“SDKs”) and application programming interfaces (“APIs”) designed and licensed by GlobaliD that third parties will be used to enable certain GlobaliD features. GlobaliD Service The functionality provided on the GlobaliD platform. The functions and features provided to GlobaliD Name holders through GlobaliD that are created and operated by third party vendors with whom GlobaliD contracts, and that GlobaliD does not create and/or host itself. GlobaliD Service The functionality provided on the GlobaliD platform. The functions and features provided to GlobaliD Name holders through GlobaliD that are created and operated by third party vendors with whom GlobaliD contracts, and that GlobaliD does not create and/or host itself. GlobaliD Site The main global.id website, including any subdomains, as well as any other websites GlobaliD owns and hosts. GlobaliD Site The main global.id website, including any subdomains, as well as any other websites GlobaliD owns and hosts. Personal Data Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Personal Data Any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. Policy The GlobaliD Privacy Policy. Policy The GlobaliD Privacy Policy. Privacy Rights Your right to request from GlobaliD access to, and/or rectification and/or erasure, and/or restriction of Processing of your Personal Data, and/or to object toProcessing, and/or the right to data portability. You have the right to withdraw Consent to any Processing based on your Consent; however, in some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke Consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Privacy Rights Your right to request from GlobaliD access to, and/or rectification and/or erasure, and/or restriction of Processing of your Personal Data, and/or to object toProcessing, and/or the right to data portability. You have the right to withdraw Consent to any Processing based on your Consent; however, in some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke Consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Processing (of Personal Data) Any operation or set of operations which is performed by GlobaliD on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. Processing (of Personal Data) Any operation or set of operations which is performed by GlobaliD on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. Processor A natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller. GlobaliD Name holders are Controllers of their own Personal Data associated with their GlobaliD Names, including Verifications, while GlobaliD acts as a Processor on behalf of GlobaliD Name holders facilitating them in creating, managing and using their own GlobaliD Names. Processor A natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller. GlobaliD Name holders are Controllers of their own Personal Data associated with their GlobaliD Names, including Verifications, while GlobaliD acts as a Processor on behalf of GlobaliD Name holders facilitating them in creating, managing and using their own GlobaliD Names. Public Profile The information that GlobaliD users choose to make public. Note, users may choose to not make any information public. Public Profile The information that GlobaliD users choose to make public. Note, users may choose to not make any information public. Recipient(s) A natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the Personal Data are disclosed by GlobaliD Name holders. Recipient(s) A natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the Personal Data are disclosed by GlobaliD Name holders. Verifications Verification of certain data collected by GlobaliD Name holders from Verification Providers. Verifications may include Personal Data. Verifications are attached to the relevant GlobaliD Name holder. The type of Verifications attached to a GlobaliD Name (not the Personal Data behind those types of Verifications) are visible on the GlobaliD Database. GlobaliD does not audit or verify the validity, accuracy or certainty of Verifications. Verifications are the sole responsibility of GlobaliD Name holders and Verification Providers. Verifications Verification of certain data collected by GlobaliD Name holders from Verification Providers. Verifications may include Personal Data. Verifications are attached to the relevant GlobaliD Name holder. The type of Verifications attached to a GlobaliD Name (not the Personal Data behind those types of Verifications) are visible on the GlobaliD Database. GlobaliD does not audit or verify the validity, accuracy or certainty of Verifications. Verifications are the sole responsibility of GlobaliD Name holders and Verification Providers. Verification Provider A third party from which GlobaliD Name holder collects Verifications, which the GlobaliD Name holder then attaches to his/her GlobaliD Name. Verification Provider A third party from which GlobaliD Name holder collects Verifications, which the GlobaliD Name holder then attaches to his/her GlobaliD Name. Verification Type Refers to the object of a Verification, e.g. “Passport number”. Verification Types do not include any Personal Data. Verification Types are visible in the GlobaliD Public Verifications Database. Verification Type Refers to the object of a Verification, e.g. “Passport number”. Verification Types do not include any Personal Data. Verification Types are visible in the GlobaliD Public Verifications Database. Voluntary Personal Data The Personal Data you voluntarily provide us when you create your GlobaliD Name or any time afterwards. Voluntary Personal Data The Personal Data you voluntarily provide us when you create your GlobaliD Name or any time afterwards. Why GlobaliD? ➝ How It’s Used Who We Help Who We Are Get In Touch Go to Top