Hugging Face  Solutions 🗓 Effective Date: March 28, 2023 We have implemented this Privacy Policy because your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the type of information that Hugging Face, Inc. (the “Company”) gathers from users of the Hugging Face services (the “Services”), and how the Company uses that information. The Policy is part of the Company Terms of Use. The Policy applies to all users of the Services (“Users”). The Company occasionally collects Personal Information from Users. “Personal Information” means any information that can, alone or associated with other information, be used to identify an individual, for instance by reference of a name, a username, an email address, an IP address, a photograph or others. By using the Services, you consent to the terms of the Policy and to our processing of Personal Information in the manner and for the purposes set forth herein. If you do not agree with the Policy, please do not use the Services. The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change the Policy at any time, which change will be effective 10 days following posting the revision to the Policy on the Hugging Face website (the “Website”). Your continued use of the Services 10 days following such posting means you accept those changes. The Company collects the following information, some of which might be Personal Information. The Company collects information directly provided by Users as part of using the Services, such as: At any time during your use of the Services, you may decide to share some information or content publicly or privately. If you decide to share your information or content publicly, and if you decide to include Personal Information, you understand that anyone may view this information. If you decide to keep your information private and control the access to it, you understand that only the users that you authorize will view this information. The Company also reserves the right to access this information with your consent, or without your consent only for the purposes of pursuing legitimate interests such as maintaining security on its Services or complying with any legal or regulatory obligations. We may collect Information from third parties that help us deliver the Services or process information. The Company automatically records information from your use of the Services such as: We use cookies only for the purposes of delivering, updating, monitoring, improving the Services, and maintaining security on our Services by detecting, preventing and responding to any type of threats or incidents. We may collect Information through those cookies. If you do not wish to accept these cookies and you decide to disable them, you will not be able to access and use the Services. On September 27, 2013, California enacted A.B. 370, amending the California Online Privacy Protection Act to require website operators to disclose how they respond to "Do Not Track Signals"; and whether third parties collect personally identifiable information about users when they use online services. The Company honors "do not track" signals and does not track, use cookies, or use advertising when a “do not track” mechanism is in place. The Company does not authorize the collection of personally identifiable information from our users for third party use through advertising technologies without separate member consent. The Company may use information from Users for the following purposes: Pursuant to applicable data protection laws, and especially the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the “GDPR”), Hugging Face remains under an obligation to notify the Users about the legal basis on which their Personal Information is processed. Consent By creating an account on the Website and by using the Services, you consent to disclose information, some of which might be personal, and to our processing of such Personal Information in the manner and for the purposes set forth in this Policy. Agreement If you or your organization enter into an agreement with Hugging Face, either by simply using the Services and abiding by the terms and conditions available on the Website, or by executing another separate agreement, you also consent to our processing of your Personal Information as pursuant the obligations of such an agreement. Legitimate Interests Apart from the above cases, Hugging Face will use the information collected from you to pursue legitimate interests such as legal or regulatory compliance, security control, business operations, scientific research, or any other interest reasonably held as legitimate. The Company will not sell, rent or lease your Personal Information except as provided for by this Policy. The Company may also share other information as provided by this Policy. The Company may share User Information and Personal information collected by the Services with businesses that are legally part of the same group as the Company, or that become part of that group in the event of a change of control, merger, acquisition or sale (“Affiliates”). The Company may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on its behalf, such as providing customer support, hosting websites, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of its Services. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only the Personal Information they need to deliver the relevant service. They will be required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose. Please refer to the list of Third Party Service Providers below. At any time during your use of the Services, or upon explicit request from us, you may consent to the disclosure of your information. In the event of any fraud, security threats or incidents, we reserve the right to disclose your information without your consent for the purposes of ensuring and maintaining security on our Website and for all of our Users, and detecting, preventing, investigating or otherwise addressing fraud or security issues. Similarly, we reserve the right to disclose your information without your consent for the purpose of protecting against harm to the rights, property or safety of the Company, our Users, yourself or the public. We also reserve the right to disclose your information without your consent to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental requests. The Company may use Anonymous Information (as defined below) or disclose it to third party service providers, to provide and improve the Services and other products or technologies of the Company. The Company may disclose Anonymous Information (with or without compensation) to third parties, including advertisers and partners, for purposes including, but not limited to, targeting advertisements. "Anonymous Information" means information which does not enable identification of an individual User, such as aggregated information about use of the Services. You may be entitled under data protection laws to access and review Personal Information the Company holds related to you. You may access, modify or delete the Information we collected by editing your profile or controlling the content that you share at any time. We retain your Information for as long as necessary to deliver the Services, to comply with any applicable legal requirements, to maintain security and prevent incidents and, in general, to pursue our legitimate interests. In the event of an incident affecting your Personal Information, we will act promptly acceptable means to identify and address the incident, and to notify you. Please be aware that certain Personal Information and other information provided by you in connection with your use of the Services may be stored on your device (even if that Information is not collected by the Company). You are solely responsible for maintaining the security of your device from unauthorized access. Similarly, you also remain responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password or any other information that should reasonably be held confidential. The Company and its servers are located in the United States. Personal Information collected by the Services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which the Company or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities. By using the Services, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. The Company may transfer your Personal Information to affiliated companies for the purpose of storing or processing such information on its behalf. Such information may be transferred to other countries around the world. The Company requires that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with the Policy. In particular, if you provide Personal Information, it may be transferred to and processed on computers in the U.S. and other countries. We strive to take appropriate safeguards to ensure that your Personal Information will remain protected in a manner consistent with standard applicable data protection laws. The Services are neither directed to nor structured to attract children under the age of 13 years. Accordingly, the Company does not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone it knows to be under 13 years of age. The Company will direct potential users under 13 years of age not to use the Services. If the Company learns that Personal Information of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected without verifiable parental consent, the Company will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. The Company may collect your email address in order to send information and respond to inquiries and/or other requests or questions. The Company does not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses. The Company reasonably identifies advertisements and includes in its communications the physical address of its business location. The Company honors opt-out/unsubscribe requests. Users may follow the instructions at the bottom of an email from the Company in order to unsubscribe from correspondence. The main establishment in the European Union is Hugging Face, SAS, a French société par actions simplifiée à associé unique registered in the Paris Trade and Companies Register under the number 822 168 043, and whose headquarters are located on 9 rue des Colonnes, 75002 Paris, France. The designation of this main establishment in the European Union gives full authority to the French Data Protection Agency, la Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL) per the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We may share your information with Third-Party Service Providers, and when we do, we ensure that they access your information in compliance with applicable data protection laws. The following list respects the format Subprocessor | Description of Subprocessing | Location of Subprocessing. Company Website