Privacy Policy LAST UPDATED: October 31, 2022 At YNAB, we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. Every company has a privacy policy, but when it comes right down to it, we want you to understand how we protect your privacy and to know what data we collect and how we use it. So let’s get to it. This policy applies to information we collect on the Website, in email, text and other electronic messages between you and this Website and, through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Website or other services (such as the iOS App Store or Google Play Store), which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website. We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice on this page and/or within this Application and/or sending a notice to you via any contact information available to us. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the top. YNAB relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Generally, this includes analytics, user database management, managing support and contact requests, transaction aggregation, hosting and backend infrastructure and infrastructure monitoring. We process data: We also process your data based on our legitimate interest in: We collect information about you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you, through your use of YNAB. We do so: This includes: Here are a few things to note: We do not sell users’ data. (And we never have!) We may also disclose your personal information: Categories of services used to process data include: YNAB partners with third-parties to provide storage and server access that acts as infrastructure for our website and apps. In addition, we partner with third-parties to fulfill payments and transactions in fulfillment of our terms. YNAB partners with third-parties to aggregate financial information from your financial institutions when you request it. YNAB partners with third-parties to help us monitor and analyze website traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior, helping us to improve the services and experience of using them. YNAB partners with third-parties to help us receive, process, and respond to customer support requests, as customer support and education are a core part of the services offered. YNAB partners with third-parties that assist us in monitoring the stability of the website and applications and resolving issues or errors with the service. YNAB partners with third-parties to manage receipt of consent to send marketing emails and to send those same emails. We retain account data for a period of time after an account expires, whether through trial expiration or subscription expiration, unless you delete your account as described below. Once an account has become inactive beyond the period of time described below, we will delete its budget data – if you don’t need YNAB, we don’t need your account data, and you probably don’t want us to have it. (Keep in mind that if you cancel your account, it remains active until the end of your subscription. The timeline below doesn’t start until that subscription expires.) We will delete accounts and their data: After deletion, we retain your email address in order to be able to confirm deletion of associated data. In conjunction with a third-party payment processor, we use automated analysis to screen for suspicious or fraudulent transactions. When we make solely automated decisions that affect you in a legal or a significant way, you have the right to provide your point of view and have those decisions reviewed by a member of our staff. When you choose to use third party apps (such as the YNAB Toolkit or other OAuth apps based on our API), plug-ins, or websites that integrate with the Services, they may receive your information and content, including your personal information, photos, and your activity data (including private activities). Information collected by these third parties is subject to their terms and policies. YNAB is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties. We have established a number of procedures to help you manage your personal data. You may delete your account by visiting your account settings. This will delete all personal data with the exception of email correspondence. Note that the process to delete all data associated with your account will take up to thirty (30) days, with log files retained for up to eighteen (18) months. You may withdraw consent for processing in the situations described above. Other data processing we conduct is necessary for the fulfillment of our Terms of Service and/or our legitimate interest and/or legal reasons, and deletion of your account and data is required to cease processing. California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. YNAB has not and does not transfer information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. In the event we decided to do so in the future, we would provide affirmative consent and opt-out procedures. Rights to access, deletion, portability, and restriction are described above. In addition, if you habitually reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority. Copyright © 2023, YNAB. All Rights Reserved. Your Privacy Choices 