We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. Search GOV.UK Search GOV.UK Search Search  Terms and conditions This page and any pages it links to explains GOV.UK’s terms of use. You must agree to these to use GOV.UK. You agree to use GOV.UK only for lawful purposes. You must also use it in a way that does not infringe the rights of, or restrict or inhibit the use and enjoyment of, this site by anyone else. We update GOV.UK all the time. We can change or remove content at any time without notice. These can be managed by GDS or another government department or agency. Some services have their own terms and conditions which also apply - read these before you use the service. We welcome and encourage other websites to link to GOV.UK. GOV.UK links to websites that are managed by other government departments and agencies, service providers or other organisations. We do not have any control over the content on these websites. We’re not responsible for: You agree to release us from any claims or disputes that may come from using these websites. You should read all terms and conditions, privacy policies and end user licences that relate to these websites before you use them. Departmental logos and crests are also exempt from the OGL, except when they form an integral part of a document or dataset. If any content is not subject to Crown copyright protection or published under the OGL, we’ll usually credit the author or copyright holder. You can reproduce content published on GOV.UK under the OGL as long as you follow the licence’s conditions. We make most of the content on GOV.UK available through feeds for other websites and applications to use. The websites and applications that use our feeds are not our products, and they might use versions of our content that have been edited and stored for later use (‘cached’). We do not give any guarantees, conditions or warranties about the accuracy or completeness of any content used by these products. We’re not liable for any loss or damage that may come from your use of these products. The most up to date version of our content will always be on GOV.UK. While we make every effort to keep GOV.UK up to date, we do not provide any guarantees, conditions or warranties that the information will be: We do not publish advice on GOV.UK. You should get professional or specialist advice before doing anything on the basis of the content. We’re not liable for any loss or damage that may come from using GOV.UK. This includes: This applies if the loss or damage was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you advised us that it might happen. This includes (but is not limited to) the loss of your: We may still be liable for: You can ask for content to be removed from GOV.UK. We’ll remove content: We make every effort to check and test GOV.UK for viruses at every stage of production. You must make sure that the way you use GOV.UK does not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which can damage your computer system. We’re not responsible for any loss, disruption or damage to your data or computer system that might happen when you use GOV.UK. When using GOV.UK, you must not introduce viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or any other material that’s malicious or technologically harmful. You must not try to gain unauthorised access to GOV.UK, the server on which it’s stored or any server, computer or database connected to it. You must not attack GOV.UK in any way. This includes denial-of-service attacks. We’ll report any attacks or attempts to gain unauthorised access to GOV.UK to the relevant law enforcement authorities and share information about you with them. These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. Any dispute you have which relates to these terms and conditions, or your use of GOV.UK (whether it be contractual or non-contractual), will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. There may be legal notices elsewhere on GOV.UK that relate to how you use the site. We’re not liable if we fail to comply with these terms and conditions because of circumstances beyond our reasonable control. We might decide not to exercise or enforce any right available to us under these terms and conditions. We can always decide to exercise or enforce that right at a later date. Doing this once will not mean we automatically waive the right on any other occasion. If any of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions will still apply. Please check these terms and conditions regularly. We can update them at any time without notice. You’ll agree to any changes if you continue to use GOV.UK after the terms and conditions have been updated. Last updated 31 March 2022 this page is useful this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address Send me the survey Cancel To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address