Sorry, Jami Website is not available in your language at the moment, but we are working on it! We offer the English language, by default.  Donate Privacy Policy Jami is a peer to peer universal and distributed communication software that upholds its users freedom and privacy. At Jami, we think that privacy is a fundamental right on the Internet. Everybody should be free not to give personal data to corporations in order to benefit from an essential service on the Internet. We know better than anyone else why personal information is sensitive, what our responsibility is to protect it, and what our duties are. Jami Website Why we process your information On Jami website, we only collect anonymous and aggregated data for the analysis of the website activity. We obtain session information (browser, time spent, page visits, referring sites, etc.) Statistics are used to better know our users and therefore focus our energies and development on most popular platforms. It also encourage translations into languages that could be neglected. How we use “cookies” Jami Application Why Jami is secure Jami protects your privacy and your communications. Jami relies on a fully distributed network and offers direct peer-to-peer communications between users. It gives the insurance that all your communications do no transit through any servers. Jami offers a secure and private communication environment. All connections are end-to-end encrypted. We use state of the art end-to-end encryption with perfect forward secrecy for all communications and comply with the X.509 standard. We use TLS/SRTP to secure connection and communications over the network. Jami account and personal information Jami does not require any personal information to create an account and to communicate. No email, no phone number are required. Your account is only stored on your device and contains a pair of public and private keys used to encrypt all your communications. A unique Jami ID is associated to your account and can be shared and used to communicate with other Jami users. We offer an optional username management system that allows you to associate a username to your Jami ID. Usernames are stored in a public Ethereum blockchain-based registry, thus preserving the distributed aspect of Jami. Once created, a username cannot be transferred, deleted or modified. Savoir-faire Linux also offers a free public DHT proxy service to provide a better support of push notifications on mobiles. A TURN server is also available to ease the connectivity for users who are in a private network, in case a peer-to-peer connection can not be established. Both services do not store any logs or personal information and can be deactivated from the application settings if wanted. How to delete a Jami account There are three ways to delete your Jami account, either directly in the application or software, by deleting the data from the software, or by deleting the app on your mobile device: Software use Jami needs your support! Our mission is to provide all human beings with a free, secure communications software that respects their privacy and values. Your donation will help us carry on with this mission by enabling this project to progress, thrive, and reach more people every day. Could you lend us a hand? Jami needs your support! Our mission is to provide all human beings with a free, secure communications software that respects their privacy and values. Your donation will help us carry on with this mission by enabling this project to progress, thrive, and reach more people every day. · Donate to Jami Once Monthly Donate Donate to Jami Once Monthly Make a donation of to Jami Credit card To make a recurring donation, use Paypal as a payment method. Credit card Full name Email Credit card Donate now Full name Email Donate now Thank you for supporting Jami! Your donation means a lot! With your help, we can continue to provide a free, secure, and private communication software for all. Your generosity fuels our mission to keep communication private and accessible. Thank you for supporting Jami! Your donation means a lot! With your help, we can continue to provide a free, secure, and private communication software for all. Your generosity fuels our mission to keep communication private and accessible. 😭 Donation failed Can I cancel my recurring donation? Free and private sharing. Donate to expand it. Donate Free and private sharing. Donate to expand it. Download Jami