This service can use your content for all their existing and future services. The service is transparent regarding government requests or inquiries that may involve user data.. They may stop providing the service at any time. You maintain ownership of your data. This service can delete your content if you violate the terms. Users are free to choose the type of copyright license that they want to use over their content. You have the right to leave this service at any time. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. no spidering or crawling. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This service is only available to users of a certain age. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. The terms for this service are easy to read. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (Ontario, Canada). Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $100 (Canadian dollars). This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason. This service employs separate policies for different parts of the service. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify