itch.io This Privacy Policy was last modified on May 24, 2018. We at Itch Corp. (“Company”, “We”, or “Itch.io”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect or that you may provide when you purchase, download, install, register with, access, or use the Itch.io application (the “App”) or website (the “Website” and collectively with the App, the “Service”). The policy also describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. We utilize payment processors who have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing information on or through them. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat your information. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not download, register with, or use this Service. By downloading, registering with, or using this Service, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time, with updates appearing on the Website and on the App. Your continued use of this Service after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. We collect information from and about users of our Service: When you download, register with, or use this Service, we may ask you provide information: You may provide information to be published or displayed (“Posted”) on public areas of our Service (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are Posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although you may set certain privacy settings for such information by logging into your account profile, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of third parties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions or view on the Service. When you download, access, and use the Service, it may use technology to automatically collect: The technologies we use for automatic information collection may include: When you use the Service or its content, certain third parties may use automatic information collection technologies to collect information about you. These third parties may include: These third parties may use tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use this Service. The information they collect may be associated with your Personal Information or they may collect information, including Personal Information, about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and other online services websites. They might use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Information, to: The usage information we collect helps us to improve our Service and to deliver a better and more personalized experience by enabling us to: We do not intend to sell or market your Personal Information, however, through providing the Service we may disclose aggregated information about our users in order to deliver the Service, including for the following: We aim to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Information you provide to us. This section describes mechanisms we provide for you to control certain uses and disclosures of your information. If you are using the Service from the European Union (“EU”) or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from EU or United States law, please note that you may be transferring your Personal Information to itch.io in the United States for the purposes described under this Privacy Policy. The legal basis we rely on to use your Personal Information is as follows: We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where you have chosen a password for access to certain parts of our Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. Please be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Service, like comment sections. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Service. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet and mobile platforms is not completely secure. Although we try to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted through our Service. Any transmission of Personal Information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures we provide. We may update our privacy policy from time to time. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Information, we will post the new privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated and notify you by email specified in your account and an in-app alert the first time you use the Service after we make the change. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you and for periodically visiting this privacy policy to check for any changes. itch.io on Twitter itch.io on Facebook Copyright © 2023 itch corp ·