You must create an account to use this service. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. You maintain ownership of your content. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future. A license is kept on user-generated content even after you close your account. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service holds onto content that you've deleted. You cannot opt out of promotional communications. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. The policy refers to documents that are missing or unfindable. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes. You have a reduced time period (1 year) to take legal action against the service. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The court of law governing the terms is in Johannesburg, South Africa. This service is only available to users over 13. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim. User content can be licensed to third parties