 27 October 2022 These terms and conditions were last updated on: Terms and conditions for the Email Service Please take some time to read these terms and conditions. They provide important information about we're providing you with. This includes how we may change the service, the and the . the service agreement charges You should read these terms and conditions carefully as they contain important information. Please also read our Privacy Policy at . It describes how we may use your personal information. These terms are only applicable to customers who purchased BT broadband, and/or set up the Email Service, prior to 26th October 2022. The basics We're British Telecommunications PLC of 1 Braham Street, London, E1 8EE. We’re registered in England with company number 1800000. Everyone knows us as BT.Some of the words and phrases in these terms and conditions have special meanings. Those words are explained below. They are printed in bold wherever they have the special meanings given below. Who we are What words mean – the bill payer or primary account holder for the who can create email addresses for other users account holder service – the legally binding agreement between you and us for the . The is made up of the following: These terms and conditions If appropriate, the BT End User Licence Agreement Our Tariff Guide () Our Price List () Our latest Privacy Policy () Our latest Acceptable Use Policy () Our latest Customer Complaints Code () The latest version of any other policy we tell you about – the username we’ll give you and a password that you choose for when you use the . BT ID – the fees (if any) you pay for the and any , plus anything else you need to pay in line with the , our Tariff Guide or our Price List. service feature – the period from the date the is made until 14 days after: whichever is later. cooling-off period the service start date; or the day you receive your order confirmation; – comes in 3 tiers, , and . email basic standard premium a free webmail only version of the . the typical version of the which is available only to those customers with broadband from BT the standalone version of the you have to pay for – any initial or later period you’ve agreed to pay for the for, as shown in your . minimum term order confirmation – the letter or email we send you after we accept your order for the . It confirms important things like the description of the , the and the . – any products, features, benefits, ‘add-ons’ or extra services we provide on top of or as part of the . ( might have extra terms and conditions that you will have to keep to.) service features Service features – the date starts, as shown in your (unless we tell you another date). service start date – the email service we are providing you with under the , as shown in your , on your bill and on your My BT account (if you have one). That service may be , or . – the person using an email address and for whom we hold personal security details users – Monday to Friday, except bank holidays and public holidays. working days What are these terms and conditions for? These are the terms and conditions which apply when we provide you with the . If we provide you with another service (like Sport, Cloud or TV), you'll have a separate agreement for each service. Please read each agreement carefully. Although some of the terms are the same or very similar, each service has important differences. We may refuse to provide you with the if we previously stopped you using any BT service because you did not pay on time or you misused the service. When the service starts and for how long? The starts on the date shown in your . The will last for at least the and will carry on after then unless: you end the in a way set out in clause 14b, 14c, 14d, 14e; or we end the in line with clause 15. We might also agree a new during or after your initial minimum term (for example, if you take up one of our offers at the time). We'll always tell you beforehand if there needs to be a new . If you want to end the before its has ended, or if we end it in line with clause 15, you may have to pay us a charge. Take a look at clause 17 for details. If you set up an email address for someone else email address, the will start for that user when they create their own and password. They will then be fully responsible for the email address and must keep to these terms and conditions. If you’re using premium email, the is one month. If you want to end the after the but, within your first month, you won’t receive a refund for the first month’s . Security of the service If we suspend the because of a security issue, we will restore it once you have reset your account password and there’s no longer a security risk. If you don’t reset your account within 90 days of the being suspended, we will delete it. We may also take action as described in clause 8d. Managing your email You will need a manage your email through My BT BT ID to The can create up to 11 email addresses for themselves or other if they have; When an email address is given to another user and they have taken action as described in clause 4d, ownership of that email address can never be transferred to another person, including the The of an email address given to them by the can at any time; user upgrade to email downgrade to email The can at any time delink an email address they have created for another from their account When a email address is delinked from an account, it will remain accessible to them for 60 days. Within this period the user can upgrade to email. After 60 days we’ll automatically downgrade the email address to email user’s The of an email address can delete it at any time. When an email address is deleted, we will suspend access to it for 60 days. Only the can reactivate it during this period. After 60 days we may take any of the steps described in clause 8d. If we do that, you’ll still be able to recover the email address but won’t be able to recover any of the personal information associated with it. The account holder can move an email address to their or email account as long as; broadband we and the of that email address agrees to it It’s not been suspended or deleted due to misuse or bad debt. The of an email address that is moved to another account will remain responsible for the email address and the associated with it. If the move of an email address to another account results in a change to the email service, we’ll inform the user of those changes Special conditions that apply to the service By using the , you agree that: it will be used mainly in the UK; you permanently or normally live in the UK and you will tell us straight away, and stop using the , if that changes; we can monitor accounts for excessive use and may limit the volume and size of emails; and we may end your email address and any associated email services without further notice if we suspect misuse. You also agree that you won’t do any of the following. Send emails to anyone who has asked you not to not send emails to them. Send abusive messages or unsolicited bulk emails (such as advertising, promotional material, junk mail, spam or chain letters). Run, host or help with any online service that is advertised by sending unsolicited bulk emails or mass messages. Send or reply to mail-bombs (for example, sending copies of a single email to several email addresses or sending several unsolicited emails to a single email address, whether or not you intend to cause disruption). Alter or use false email message headers to conceal the email address or to prevent a person from responding to the email. Use any email address you don’t have permission to use. Imply that an email you send is from us or authorised by us. You must also not impersonate another person or organisation or falsely state or misrepresent your association with a person or organisation. Send an email if it is not legal for you to do so. We scan your emails only to detect spam and malware (software designed to disrupt or damage a computer system, such as a computer virus), and to enable improved product features (such as applications to handle large files). We will move incoming emails to a separate spam folder or block them completely if we think they are spam. You can check the spam folder for emails that are not spam. To improve your experience, we will share emails we think are spam or you tell us are spam, with our partners. We will delete emails from your Spam and Trash folder if they have been there for more than 30 days Our Privacy Policy describes how we protect and keep your information. If you’re using our or service, your email address will continue to work as long as the account is used regularly. The use of auto forwarding does not count as active usage If your email address isn’t used for 90 days in a row, we will notify you. If after 150 days, you’ve still not used it, we will delete the account and end any associated service. If we delete your email address under clause 6g, 6h, 7a(iv) 7b or 7g we may take any of the steps set out in clause 8d. When the service ends When you end a paid for email service; your personal email address(es) will remain active for 7 days. After that we may take any of the steps set out in clause 8d the email addresses of other you have set up on your account will be downgraded to email When you end your broadband service; you can take email and keep all features if you choose not to take email, after 60 days your email address(es) will be automatically downgraded to email the email addresses of other will also reflect the choices you make When you end your broadband service but don’t want to keep your email address (es); your personal email address(es) will remain active for 60 days after 60 days we will delete your email address(es) the email addresses of other users you have set up on your account will be downgraded to email If any of your email addresses are deleted: you cannot send emails from that email address; you cannot recover any information held within your email address and linked services; and all emails sent to your email address will be rejected and the sender will be sent a notice that the email address is ‘invalid’. You can change your mind You can change your mind and cancel the within the . If we've already started providing a , you'll have to pay us the full cost of the you've had (which means we won't take into account any discounts or free offers) including: the for the ; and anything you’ve used which isn't covered by the . The service How you can use the service The is just for you and your household for ‘personal use’ (meaning that it should not be used for any trade, business or profession). You're responsible for how the is used. You agree that you'll do the following in connection with the . Follow any reasonable instructions we give you and help us run our security checks. Get any permission we need to provide the in your home or install anything for you. Tell us if you change your name, address, contact email address, mobile number, payment details or anything else we might need to know about. Do everything you can to keep your username and password private and stop anyone else from using them. You should also keep your bill and account details safe from fraudsters. There is guidance on this on the website at . Tell us straight away, and change your password, if you think or know that someone else knows your username and password. Use the lawfully. That means you must not use it in a way that breaks any law, regulation or rule in force in England and Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland (as appropriate), or for any activity that is illegal in England and Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland. Not do anything which might have a negative effect on: our systems, networks, servers, brand, reputation or security; other customers' services or equipment; other customers' security; or any other person's or business's systems, networks or security. The may have monthly usage limits. If you go over any of these we'll charge you for the extra usage. Details of those charges are shown in our Tariff Guide at . If we reasonably believe you've misused a , or have let anyone else misuse it, you might have to pay us for any loss or damage we suffer as a result. There are more details about this in our Acceptable Use Policy at . Setting up the service The standard email service is only available to customers who purchase BT broadband, and set up the service as set out below, prior to 26th October 2022. The account holder can set up the at If you have or , you can set up extra email addresses using your BT ID. By choosing the ‘for your own use’ option, you’ll have access to all of your email addresses. There will be a limit on the number of extra email addresses you can set up using your BT ID. We’ll tell you what that limit is. You can also create email addresses for your friends and family by choosing the ‘give an email address’ option. They will have their own BT ID and password, and you won’t have access to their emails. What we have to do for you We provide the service to the UK address you give us or for use on your devices in the UK. We may take instructions from a person who we have good reason to believe is acting with your permission. We aim to provide a continuous, high-quality using reasonable care and skill. However, due to the nature of the service we use to provide it, we can't guarantee that it'll be available all the time. Sometimes there are faults in our network and this affects the . We'll fix any faults as soon as we can. If there is a fault, clause 18 explains what you can do. Occasionally we might have to interrupt, change or temporarily suspend some or all of the . That could be to maintain, upgrade or repair the network. If we do, we'll try to get the network up and running again as quickly as possible. If we know or believe that any of your devices have been infected by malware (software designed to disrupt or damage a computer system, such as a computer virus), or if any of your devices try to get access to a malicious website (a website that attempts to install malware), we might take action. That might mean putting software onto our network to stop the spread of that malware or prevent your devices from going to the malicious website. We try to make sure antivirus software and other security features we provide are effective. Please make back-up copies of your documents, photos and so on in case the originals are lost or corrupted. Paying what you owe us You must pay the for the , whether you use them or someone else does. We'll normally bill you regularly and in advance (for the period ahead). If we need to charge you for anything extra (for example, for going over any usage limit), we may add those charges to a later bill. We normally provide bills online at . If you want paper bills, just ask us and we'll send them to you. We may charge you for paper bills, but we'll tell you about the charge beforehand. You must pay any bills as soon as you get them, unless we agree otherwise with you. If you genuinely think we’ve made a mistake on your bill, tell us straight away. We won't suspend or end a service while we look into the matter. You must pay the amount you agree that you owe. If you don't pay your bill on time, we'll phone you or send you a reminder. If you still haven't paid 10 days after the date of our reminder (or seven days if you pay once a month), we may add a late-payment charge to your next bill. You may also have to pay a failed-payment charge if a direct debit or cheque bounces because you don't have enough money in your account. These extra charges are shown in the Tariff Guide at . If you don’t pay a bill, we won't normally suspend or end the until 28 days after the date your payment was due (21 days if you pay monthly). However, if this isn’t the first time that you haven’t paid a bill on time, we may suspend or end the earlier. If you don't pay your bill, we may give details, including your personal information, to a debt-collection agency and ask them to collect the money for us. If we do, you'll have to pay an extra charge to compensate us. The charge won't be more than the amount we have to pay to the debt-collection agency, who will add the charge to your debt. VAT will not be added to any extra charge we add to your bill. We might also transfer your debt to any other business (in which case, your personal information will also be transferred) who may then try to recover the amount in a way it considers suitable. This clause 13 continues to apply after the with us has ended. Ending the service When you can end the service and the agreement If you change your mind about the , you can cancel the during the cooling-off period, as explained in clause 9. You do not need to give a reason and you won’t have to pay a fee for leaving early. You can cancel the at any time, by giving us 30 days' notice, if we've changed the , the service or these terms and conditions in a way that significantly disadvantages you. In this case you won't have to pay a fee for leaving early. You can cancel the for any other reason by giving us 30 days' notice. If you're within the , you may have to pay a fee for cancelling early. You can cancel at any time if we break a significant term of the . In this case you won't have to pay a fee for leaving early. You can cancel if you end the as explained in clause 25a. When we may restrict, suspend or end a service We may stop providing the at any time by giving you at least 30 days' written notice. If you break the , we'll normally let you try to put things right within a reasonable time. But we may limit, suspend (in part or fully) or end the immediately if any of the following apply. We have to end the by law or in line with any regulation. We can't provide the (or part of it) any more, or we have suspended or restricted a related service. You break the and don't put things right in a reasonable time. You seriously misuse the or break the in a way that cannot be put right. You or anyone else using the act towards our staff or agents in a way which is unsuitable or serious enough to justify suspending or ending the . You don’t pay for the service (as described at the end of clause 13g) or you pay in a way other than how we've agreed with you. You cancel your direct debit and we haven't agreed another way you can pay. We suspect fraud or any other unauthorised activity. It’s reasonable for us to do so to protect our network and maintain a high-quality service. Your usage is significantly different to what we'd expect from the average customer. You significantly break any other you have with us and don’t put things right within a reasonable time. You use the for any trade, business or profession. If we suspect there’s been, or is likely to be, a security incident, we may suspend your BT ID username to protect your account. We’ll ask you to change your password before letting you log back in. If we suspend or end the , we'll tell you what you need to do to restore it. If you're within the when we tell you we'll end the for any reason listed in clause 15b, you'll have to pay a fee for leaving early in line with clause 17. If we suspend or end the for any reason listed in clauses 15b (iii) to 15b (xii) you may have to pay the for the while it’s suspended, up until it ends. If you break the and we do not take action, we can still take action at a later date. If you or we end the , we'll refund any amount you've paid upfront. But first we'll take off anything you owe us in connection with the or any other between you and us. When you get other services from us Sometimes we can only provide you with the if you also have one of our other services. For example, you can only get standard email if we also provide you with broadband. If one service ends or is suspended, we might need to end, suspend or downgrade the other. If that’s the case, we'll tell you. Charges for ending the agreement early You'll have to pay us a fee for ending the early if: you end the during the , except in the circumstances listed in clause 17b below; or we end the during the , in line with clauses 15b(iii) to 15b(xii). You won't have to pay the fees and referred to in clauses 17a, 17b and 17c if: you end the within the in line with clause 14a; you end the under clause 21b as a result of changes that significantly disadvantage you; you end the under clause 14d as a result of us breaking a significant term of the ; or you end the under clause 25a as a result of us moving you to another service. The amount you're charged may depend on how much of the is left. There’s more information on these , including tables showing how much you're charged for each month left on the , on the website at . If something goes wrong What you can do when we don’t keep our promises If you’ve had a problem with the , you may have a few legal options. For more information, visit the website at . When we've caused the problem, we may pay you compensation if you ask us to. We’ll also pay you back any of your losses that we could have reasonably foreseen as a result of us breaking the (except for amounts set out in clause 19). If you claim this, we'll ask you to show us proof of your loss. VAT won’t be added to any amount we agree you’re due. What we’re not responsible for and limits on our liability If our negligence causes death or personal injury, we accept responsibility and there is no limit to our liability. We also accept responsibility for our fraud, fraudulent statements or any other liability that the law does not allow us to exclude or limit. We accept responsibility for loss of or damage to your physical property arising from our negligence. We'll pay up to £100,000 in total for any one event or series of connected events arising in any 12-month period. Apart from responsibility we accept under clauses 19a and 19b, we won't pay you more than a total of £5,000 in compensation in any 12-month period. Apart from responsibility we accept under clause 19a, we’re not responsible to you for the following. Any delay or failure caused by something beyond our reasonable control. This could be things such as lightning, flood, severe weather, fire, explosion, terrorist activities, epidemic, riots, war, anything done by a government or other public authority, or strikes or other industrial action. You breaking the . Any loss you suffer caused by you using a service in a way that breaks the . Any commercial or businesses loss. Any loss or damage caused by malware or the unauthorised use of the on any of your devices (unless we have failed to provide the with reasonable skill and care). Any loss of, corruption of or release of data or information, unless we have failed to provide the with reasonable skill and care. Any failure of safety, security or other alarm systems due to incompatibility with the , or any other reason which is not due to our fault or neglect. You using any equipment or hardware we haven't supplied. Losses which we couldn’t reasonably have expected or which we couldn’t have considered when entering into the . Changes we may make How we can change a , a , and the terms and conditions of the agreement We may change a service, a , and the terms and conditions of the agreement at any time for the reasons listed in clauses 21 to 24. If we increase the , or we change the , a or the terms and conditions of the agreement in a way that significantly disadvantages you, we’ll do the following. We'll either write to you about any other changes or advertise the change another way, such as on our website. We'll tell you at least 30 days before the change, unless we can’t reasonably do that (for example, if the change is for legal or regulatory reasons). In this case we'll give you as much notice as possible. We'll give you the chance to give us 30 days' notice to end that service without having to pay any extra charges or a fee for leaving early. The 30 days starts on the date of the notice we send you to tell you about the change. Changes to a service, a service feature and the terms and conditions of the agreement We may change a service, a and terms and conditions of the to do the following. Make the clearer or easier for you to understand, or change it in another way that doesn't significantly disadvantage you. Change, improve, update or add to the or you get (for example, if we increase the maximum storage on your email or Cloud). Introduce new services, service features (for example, if we introduce a new security product). Change the way we structure our prices, , the or (for example, if we change the names of our products or services, their content or their descriptions). Add new service features (for example, if we introduce a new security feature to your Virus Protect service). Add to or change the way we provide the (for example, if we introduce new ways for you to receive Cloud). service or service features Reflect changes to or developments in technology (for example, if we develop the way we provide the service, introduce new ways to pay for the , or develop and introduce new systems which give you a better ). Withdraw, replace or remove all or part of the or a . Make minor changes to technical specifications (for example, limits for transferring information associated with the and the technology we use to provide the to you). Update, upgrade, improve or alter a or a (for example, to fix bugs or faults, tackle security issues, improve software or change the way a service looks or improve how it works). Reflect a change in our ability to provide a or a in a particular area. Reorganise the way we manage or run our business. Reflect a change to any law, code of practice, regulation, guidance or responsibility that applies to us. Other changes to a service, a service feature, or the terms and conditions of the agreement Because we might provide the to you for a long time (not just for the ), and we can't always predict what will happen in the future, we may need to make changes for a reason not listed in clause 21. If we do, we'll give you notice, and you may be able to end the in line with clause 20b. Changes to the charges We may change the charges if: we change the , or the terms and conditions of the agreement as set out in clauses 21a(i) to 21a(xiii); the cost of providing the or increases (for example, the businesses we buy services from increase their prices); the cost of running our business increases; we reorganise the way we run our business; or there’s a change in any law, code of practice, regulation, guidance or responsibility that applies to us (for example, if there’s a VAT increase). Other changes to the charges We might need to change the for reasons other than those listed in clause 23. If we do, we'll give you notice and you might be able to stop a service in line with clause 20b. Moving between services If we withdraw the so you can't carry on receiving all or part of it (for example, if we change the number of service options available), we'll move you onto our next best, or better, service. If we can, we'll tell you at least 30 days before we do this. If we can’t, we'll give you as much notice as possible. If the service we move you to has a higher charge, we’ll either let you end it without paying the charges described in clause 17 or we won't charge you the higher charge for the rest of the . After the , we'll charge you the full price of the new service. We may move you to a better service or service feature at no extra cost for a trial period. We'll tell you at least 30 days before we do this. Unless you tell us not to, we'll move you back to your previous service or service feature once the trial period has finished. You can tell us to end your trial period whenever you like. You can choose to upgrade or change the . We may apply a new or we might let you carry over any you’ve got left on the . We'll tell you at the time if that’s the case. Everything else Equipment and software You must let us update, upgrade or replace software relating to the . Software changes might happen automatically. You must not connect equipment to our network that may harm it, or harm anyone else's equipment or services. If you do, you must disconnect it straight away, or pay us to do it. How to get in touch with us and how we’ll contact you We'll send you any written notice by email or by posting it to the address we have for you. We'll send you all other notices by voicemail, text message or other form of electronic message. We’ll assume you get letters in the post two after we've sent them. You can phone us on 0800 800 150. Calls are free from landlines and BT mobiles, and charged at the standard rate from other mobiles. You can also email us through your account or by any other way shown at . Controls You're responsible for setting any controls available for the and keeping them up to date. We’ll tell you how to do this. Sorting out complaints From time to time you may need to contact us to sort out a problem. Our Customer Complaints Code tells you how to do that and how we will deal with any complaint or dispute. You can read the code on our website at , or you can ask us to send you a copy. We'll try our best to settle any complaint or dispute you have. If we can't, you can refer the matter to a dispute-resolution service to get an independent opinion. More details are given in our Customer Complaints Code. If we cannot agree a solution with you within eight weeks of getting your complaint, or before the eight weeks is up we agree in writing that the dispute should be settled by an independent adjudicator, you can refer it for ‘alternative dispute resolution’ by contacting the Ombudsman Services: Communications. You can find out more at or by phoning 0330 440 1614. The Ombudsman’s service is free. You may also be able to refer a dispute to European Online Dispute Resolution at . This is an online service designed to help people who have bought things online. It gives access to independent dispute-resolution services. These are usually free. Transferring the agreement The is only between you and us. You cannot transfer it to anyone else, or try to do so. We can transfer the , and our rights and obligations under it, to anyone else (including if we reorganise the way we work), as long as it doesn’t have a negative effect on your rights. We cannot transfer or provide access to the email account of another person whether living or deceased Other things we need to tell you We and our suppliers still own any intellectual property rights (rights to plans, ideas, or other non-physical assets) associated with the so you won’t own any rights in them by using the . Only you and we can take action under the . Nobody else can enforce it or benefit from it (except in line with clause 31a). If any part of the cannot be enforced, all other parts of the will still apply. We may record calls (including marketing calls) to help us with training and to prevent identity fraud. We also record all 999 and 112 emergency calls. The agreement is made under English and Welsh law. Any disputes you and we cannot settle can only be decided in English and Welsh courts, unless: you live in Scotland, in which case Scottish law applies and the courts of Scotland will settle disputes; or you live in Northern Ireland, in which case the laws of Northern Ireland apply and the courts of Northern Ireland will settle disputes. For information on our products and services for people with disabilities, go to .