Skip to main content of page There are no recent searches Branch Contact Log in Log in to Internet Bank Loading... Register for Internet Banking Log in and registration support Service status Aegon Customer Dashboard Home Insurance account Legal & General MyAccount Current accounts Mortgages Savings & ISAs Investments Loans Credit cards Insurance Ways to bank Help Home Current account help Current account documents and terms These terms and conditions were effective from 21 September 2023 to 21 December 2023. Current Account Online Switch Offer Terms and Conditions (effective from 21 September 2023 to 21 December 2023) About these terms and conditions How do I qualify for the offer? When won’t I qualify – what are the exclusions? If I meet all the requirements in these terms and conditions, how much will I get paid? When will I get paid and how will the payment appear on my statement? Will the offer be withdrawn? Useful information  These terms and conditions apply to our current account online switch offer which starts on 21 September 2023 until changed, replaced or withdrawn by us. They are separate to the terms and conditions that apply to our current accounts. If the account you’re switching to is a joint account, these terms and conditions apply to both account holders. You must meet all the requirements set out in these terms and conditions. You won’t qualify for this offer if any of the exclusions set out in clauses 9 or 10 apply to you. This offer is only valid on the first sole current account and first joint current account you have switched to us since 18 August 2021 which has not previously benefitted from this or any previous current account online switch offer. This applies even if we withdraw this offer and launch it again in the future. You’ll qualify for this offer if: you use our Internet Bank to switch a current account held with another provider to a FlexAccount, FlexPlus or FlexDirect current account you have with us, or you open a FlexAccount, FlexPlus or FlexDirect current account with us through our website, Internet Bank or Banking app and switch a current account held with another provider to that account as part of your account application. You must complete a full account switch from a current account held with another provider using the Current Account Switch Service. The account you have with another provider must be closed as part of the switch. Manual and partial switches do not count towards this. You must transfer a minimum of 2 active Direct Debits from the current account being switched to the Nationwide account as part of the switch. Direct Debits set up or transferred after your switch has been started will not count towards this offer. Other types of automated payments, such as standing orders and recurring card payments, won’t count towards this. The switch must be completed within 60 days of you requesting it. You won’t qualify for this offer if: you switched from one Nationwide account to another you switched into an account that isn’t a FlexAccount, FlexPlus or FlexDirect you didn’t use our website, Internet Bank or Banking app to request your switch you manually or only partially switched your account and did not complete a full switch you did not use the Current Account Switch Service to complete your switch and the account you have with another provider wasn't closed as part of the switch you didn’t transfer a minimum of 2 active Direct Debits as part of the switch in accordance with condition 7 (other types of automated payments, such as standing orders and recurring card payments, won't count towards this), or you didn’t complete the switch within 60 days of requesting it. You also won’t qualify for this offer if: you did either of the following before this offer was made available: a) started your application to open a FlexAccount, FlexPlus or FlexDirect current account with us and requested the switch as part of the application b) requested to switch in to an account you already have with us. This will apply even if that application or switch is completed after this offer is made available. If we withdraw this offer and make it available again in the future, this exclusion will still apply you've previously benefitted from this offer or any previous current account online switch offer since 18 August 2021, as set out in clause 4 you’re switching into a Nationwide account that has already been switched into and benefitted under this or any previous current account online switch offer since 18 August 2021 you or a joint account holder already has a current account with us that's being managed by our Collection and Recoveries department at the time the switch completes you, or any of your accounts held with us, are subject to a financial sanction or restraint order. Or we are aware or reasonably suspect that fraudulent activity has taken place. We'll pay you £200. If you’re switching into a joint account with us, you’ll only receive one payment into the account for that switch. You must still have your current account with us when we make the payment to you. We will credit the payment to the current account that you switched into within 10 calendar days of the full switch completing. The offer payment will appear on your statement as ‘Switching Offer’. We may change, replace or withdraw this offer at any time. If we do this and you’ve already requested a switch, you’ll still be eligible for the offer so long as: the switch completes within 60 days of you requesting it, and you meet all of the requirements set out in these terms and conditions, and none of the exclusions apply. When you switch using the Current Account Switch Service, a dedicated team will transfer your payments and details to your new account. It’s a free service. All you need to do is pick the date. You can use both your old and your new account while the transfer takes place, until the switch is finished. Once it’s done, we’ll even close your old account for you. The whole process is backed by the Current Account Switch Guarantee. In the unlikely event that something is missed, you won’t be out of pocket. Any fees or charges will be covered. Your credit rating will be protected, too. You'll need to check if your existing bank or building society is signed up to the Current Account Switch Service by checking the list of participating banks and building societies. If they are not signed up, you’ll need to carry out a manual switch (sorry, but manual switches aren’t included in this offer). closes your old current account down for you moves your outgoing payments across, like your Direct Debits and standing orders transfers any money left in the account across redirects any incoming payments to your Nationwide current account, like your salary takes 7 working days to complete lets you choose when your switch ends, up to 60 days into the future, and means you’re covered by the Current Account Switch Service Guarantee. is set up by a company, using your account number and sort code is often used to pay energy providers, Council Tax bills or credit card bills, and is usually part of a fixed agreement and should only be changed by the company collecting the Direct Debit is active where a valid regular Direct Debit instruction exists on the account. is used for things like Netflix, Amazon Prime or magazine subscriptions, and can usually be changed or cancelled by contacting the company taking the payment. is set up by you, through the Banking app, through the Internet Bank or in branch is used to move money regularly between your accounts or to send money to someone else’s account on a regular basis, and can be changed or cancelled by you at any time. The whole Current Account Switch Service process is backed by the Current Account Switch Guarantee. In the unlikely event that something is missed, you won’t be out of pocket. Any fees or charges will be covered. Your credit rating will be protected, too. Switch your bank account to Nationwide