No guarantee is given regarding quality. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. Content is published under a free license instead of a bilateral one. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. Information is provided about security practices. Two factor authentication is provided for your account. The publishing of personally identifiable information is not allowed. They may stop providing the service at any time. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. Political discussions or campaining are prohibited. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Your personal data may be disclosed to comply with government requests without notice to you. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The court of law governing the terms is in South Africa, a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection.. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. Only necessary logs are kept by the service to ensure quality