Reliable uptimemontoring. . Website monitoring Be the first to know that your website is down! Website monitoring Be the first to know that your website is down! Cron job monitoring Monitor background jobs or intranet devices. Cron job monitoring Monitor background jobs or intranet devices. Port monitoring Monitor IMAP, POP3 or any other specific ports. Port monitoring Monitor IMAP, POP3 or any other specific ports. Keyword monitoring Check presence of any text on the page. Keyword monitoring Check presence of any text on the page. Ping monitoring Leverage one of the most used network admin tools. Ping monitoring Leverage one of the most used network admin tools. SSL monitoring Don't lose visitors because of expired SSL certificates. SSL monitoring Don't lose visitors because of expired SSL certificates. Domain monitoring Don't let your unique domain name expire. Domain monitoring Don't let your unique domain name expire. Privacy policy. This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use: Throughout this Privacy Policy, we’ll refer to our website, mobile applications and other products and services collectively as “Services.” Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information. We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so–for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better. We collect information in two ways: if and when you provide information to us and automatically through operating our Services. Let’s go over the information that we collect. It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us. The amount and type of information depends on the context and how we use the information. Here are some examples: We also collect some information automatically: And, we will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). We use information about you as mentioned above and for the purposes listed below: A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that: (1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under our Terms of Service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account–for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or (2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or (4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information–for example, to provide and update our Services, to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience, to safeguard our Services, to communicate with you, to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising, and better understand user retention and attrition, to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services, and to personalize your experience; or (5) You have given us your consent–for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on. We do not sell our users’ private personal information. We share information about you in the limited circumstances spelled out below and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy: While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so, such as monitoring our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks. To enhance the security of your account, we encourage you to enable our advanced security settings, like Two Step Authentication. You have several choices available when it comes to information about you: If you are located in certain countries, including those that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (AKA the “GDPR”), data protection laws give you rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to: You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to do that, or you would like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to How to Reach Us to, well, find out how to reach us. EU individuals also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority. Because UptimeRobot’s Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the How and Why We Use Information section above. When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our Services. These analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by UptimeRobot and does not cover the collection of information by any third party advertisers or analytics providers. UptimeRobot uses the following products/services (which are all GDPR compliant): Limestone Networks: Amazon Web Services: Digital Ocean: Plivo: Stripe: 2Checkout: PayPal: Google Tag Manager: Google Analytics (Universal Analytics and/or Google Analytics 4): Google BigQuery: Google Fonts: Rollbar: User.com: Sendgrid.com: Google Ads: Facebook Ads: Miscrosoft Clarity: Status page is a voluntary option to showcase your uptime to your customers. With the PRO plan you can enable the subscription feature allowing your customers to subscribe to the announcements and updates you’ll share on your status page. These emails are sent from our servers. Such a customer will subscribe using his email address. This customer needs to confirm his subscription through an email he’ll receive to his inbox. His email address is stored in our database and the owner of the status page doesn’t have access to it and can’t view it anywhere. The customer can unsubscribe through a link available in every status update email he’ll receive and through an option available on the status page all the time. This action needs to be confirmed through an email too. The Status page owner or UptimeRobot has the right to remove users from this updates list anytime without informing the subscribed user. If the Status page is removed, all related data, subscribed emails included, will be removed too. Although most changes are likely to be minor, UptimeRobot may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in UptimeRobot's sole discretion. UptimeRobot encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Change log: Downtime happens. Get notified! Join more than 2,100,000 happy users! UptimeRobot is one of the most popular website monitoring services in the world. Monitors Cron job monitoring Monitor recurring background jobs or intranet devices. Monitor recurring background jobs or intranet devices. Port monitoring Monitor any specific service running on any port. Monitor any specific service running on any port. Keyword monitoring Check presence or absence of any text on the page. Check presence or absence of any text on the page.