Tutorials Exercises Certificates Services Menu Search field ×  Log in Sign Up ★ +1 My W3Schools Get Certified Spaces Jobs Get Certified Spaces Jobs My W3Schools Tutorials Exercises Certificates Services Spaces Get Certified Jobs Logout × Tutorials Tutorials filter input × HTML and CSS Learn HTML Tutorial Reference Learn CSS Tutorial Reference Learn RWD Tutorial Learn Bootstrap Overview Learn W3.CSS Tutorial Reference Learn Sass Tutorial Reference Learn Colors Tutorial Reference Learn Icons Tutorial Reference Learn SVG Tutorial Reference Learn Canvas Tutorial Reference Learn Graphics Tutorial Learn Character Sets Reference Learn How To Tutorial Data Analytics Learn AI Tutorial Learn Generative AI Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-3.5 Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-4 Tutorial Learn Google Bard Tutorial Learn Machine Learning Tutorial Learn Data Science Tutorial Learn NumPy Tutorial Learn Pandas Tutorial Learn SciPy Tutorial Learn Matplotlib Tutorial Learn Statistics Tutorial Learn Excel Tutorial Learn Google Sheets Tutorial Web Building Create a Website HOT! Create a Server NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Join our Newsletter JavaScript Learn JavaScript Tutorial Reference Learn React Tutorial Learn jQuery Tutorial Reference Learn Vue Tutorial Reference Learn AngularJS Tutorial Reference Learn JSON Tutorial Reference Learn AJAX Tutorial Learn AppML Tutorial Reference Learn W3.JS Tutorial Reference Web Building Create a Website HOT! Create a Server NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Join our Newsletter Backend Learn Python Tutorial Reference Learn SQL Tutorial Reference Learn MySQL Tutorial Reference Learn PHP Tutorial Reference Learn Java Tutorial Reference Learn C Tutorial Learn C++ Tutorial Learn C# Tutorial Learn R Tutorial Learn Kotlin Tutorial Learn Go Tutorial Learn Django Tutorial Reference Learn PostgreSQL Tutorial Learn TypeScript Tutorial Learn ASP Tutorial Reference Learn Node.js Tutorial Reference Learn Raspberry Pi Tutorial Learn Git Tutorial Learn MongoDB Tutorial Learn AWS Cloud Tutorial Learn XML Tutorial Reference Data Analytics Learn AI Tutorial Learn Generative AI Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-3.5 Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-4 Tutorial Learn Google Bard Tutorial Learn Machine Learning Tutorial Learn Data Science Tutorial Learn NumPy Tutorial Learn Pandas Tutorial Learn SciPy Tutorial Learn Matplotlib Tutorial Learn Statistics Tutorial Learn Excel Tutorial Learn Google Sheets Tutorial Web Building Create a Website HOT! Create a Server NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Join our Newsletter × Exercises Excercises filter input × HTML and CSS HTML Exercise Quiz CSS Exercise Quiz Bootstrap Exercise Quiz Data Analytics NumPy Exercise Quiz Pandas Exercise Quiz SciPy Exercise Quiz Excel Exercise What is an Exercise? What is a Quiz? JavaScript JavaScript Exercise Quiz React Exercise Quiz jQuery Exercise Quiz Vue Exercise Quiz Backend Python Exercise Quiz SQL Exercise Quiz MySQL Exercise Quiz PHP Exercise Quiz Java Exercise Quiz C Exercise Quiz C++ Exercise Quiz C# Exercise Quiz R Exercise Quiz Kotlin Exercise Quiz Django Exercise Quiz PostgreSQL Exercise Quiz TypeScript Exercise Quiz Git Exercise Quiz Go Exercise MongoDB Exercise AWS Cloud Exercise Quiz Data Analytics NumPy Exercise Quiz Pandas Exercise Quiz SciPy Exercise Quiz Excel Exercise What is an Exercise? What is a Quiz? × Certificates Filter field for certifications × HTML and CSS HTML Certificate Course CSS Certificate Course Bootstrap 3 Certificate Course Bootstrap 4 Certificate Course Bootstrap 5 Certificate Data Analytics Data Analytics Course NumPy Certificate Course Pandas Certificate Course Excel Certificate Social Media Course What is a Certificate? Programs Full Access Best Value! Front End Certificate Course Web Dev. Certificate Course Web App Certificate Course Web Design Certificate Course JavaScript JavaScript Certificate Course React Certificate Course jQuery Certificate Course Vue Certificate Programs Full Access Best Value! Front End Certificate Course Web Dev. Certificate Course Web App Certificate Course Web Design Certificate Course Programs Full Access Best Value! Front End Certificate Course Web Dev. Certificate Course Web App Certificate Course Web Design Certificate Course Backend Python Certificate Course SQL Certificate Course MySQL Certificate PHP Certificate Course Java Certificate Course C Certificate C++ Certificate Course C# Certificate Course R Course Django Certificate TypeScript Certificate Course XML Certificate Course Cyber Security Certificate Course Accessibility Certificate Course Python Apps on AWS Course AWS Training Courses Data Analytics Data Analytics Course NumPy Course Pandas Course Excel Certificate Social Media Course What is a Certificate? × All Our Services Services filter input × W3Schools offers a wide range of services and products for beginners and professionals, helping millions of people everyday to learn and master new skills. Free Tutorials Enjoy our free tutorials like millions of other internet users since 1999 References Explore our selection of references covering all popular coding languages Create a Website Create your own website with W3Schools Spaces - no setup required Exercises Test your skills with different exercises Quizzes Test yourself with multiple choice questions Get Certified Document your knowledge Log in / Sign Up Create a free W3Schools Account to Improve Your Learning Experience My Learning Track your learning progress at W3Schools and collect rewards Upgrade Become a PRO user and unlock powerful features (ad-free, hosting, videos,..) Where To Start Not sure where you want to start? Follow our guided path Code Editor (Try it) With our online code editor, you can edit code and view the result in your browser Videos Learn the basics of HTML in a fun and engaging video tutorial Templates We have created a bunch of responsive website templates you can use - for free! Web Hosting Host your own website, and share it to the world with W3Schools Spaces Create a Server Create your own server using Python, PHP, React.js, Node.js, Java, C#, etc. How To's Large collection of code snippets for HTML, CSS and JavaScript CSS Framework Build fast and responsive sites using our free W3.CSS framework Browser Statistics Read long term trends of browser usage Typing Speed Test your typing speed AWS Training Learn Amazon Web Services Color Picker Use our color picker to find different RGB, HEX and HSL colors. Code Game W3Schools Coding Game! Help the lynx collect pine cones Jobs Find Jobs or Hire Talent with W3Schools Pathfinder Newsletter Join our newsletter and get access to exclusive content every month × Tutorials Exercises Certificates Services Menu Search field ×  Log in Sign Up ★ +1 My W3Schools Get Certified Spaces Jobs Get Certified Spaces Jobs Search field × Search field  Log in Sign Up ★ +1 My W3Schools Get Certified Spaces Jobs Get Certified Spaces Jobs ★ +1 My W3Schools Tutorials Exercises Certificates Services Spaces Get Certified Jobs Logout My W3Schools Tutorials Exercises Certificates Services Spaces Get Certified Jobs Logout  × Tutorials Tutorials filter input × HTML and CSS Learn HTML Tutorial Reference Learn CSS Tutorial Reference Learn RWD Tutorial Learn Bootstrap Overview Learn W3.CSS Tutorial Reference Learn Sass Tutorial Reference Learn Colors Tutorial Reference Learn Icons Tutorial Reference Learn SVG Tutorial Reference Learn Canvas Tutorial Reference Learn Graphics Tutorial Learn Character Sets Reference Learn How To Tutorial Data Analytics Learn AI Tutorial Learn Generative AI Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-3.5 Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-4 Tutorial Learn Google Bard Tutorial Learn Machine Learning Tutorial Learn Data Science Tutorial Learn NumPy Tutorial Learn Pandas Tutorial Learn SciPy Tutorial Learn Matplotlib Tutorial Learn Statistics Tutorial Learn Excel Tutorial Learn Google Sheets Tutorial Web Building Create a Website HOT! Create a Server NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Join our Newsletter JavaScript Learn JavaScript Tutorial Reference Learn React Tutorial Learn jQuery Tutorial Reference Learn Vue Tutorial Reference Learn AngularJS Tutorial Reference Learn JSON Tutorial Reference Learn AJAX Tutorial Learn AppML Tutorial Reference Learn W3.JS Tutorial Reference Web Building Create a Website HOT! Create a Server NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Join our Newsletter Backend Learn Python Tutorial Reference Learn SQL Tutorial Reference Learn MySQL Tutorial Reference Learn PHP Tutorial Reference Learn Java Tutorial Reference Learn C Tutorial Learn C++ Tutorial Learn C# Tutorial Learn R Tutorial Learn Kotlin Tutorial Learn Go Tutorial Learn Django Tutorial Reference Learn PostgreSQL Tutorial Learn TypeScript Tutorial Learn ASP Tutorial Reference Learn Node.js Tutorial Reference Learn Raspberry Pi Tutorial Learn Git Tutorial Learn MongoDB Tutorial Learn AWS Cloud Tutorial Learn XML Tutorial Reference Data Analytics Learn AI Tutorial Learn Generative AI Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-3.5 Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-4 Tutorial Learn Google Bard Tutorial Learn Machine Learning Tutorial Learn Data Science Tutorial Learn NumPy Tutorial Learn Pandas Tutorial Learn SciPy Tutorial Learn Matplotlib Tutorial Learn Statistics Tutorial Learn Excel Tutorial Learn Google Sheets Tutorial Web Building Create a Website HOT! Create a Server NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Join our Newsletter Tutorials filter input × HTML and CSS Learn HTML Tutorial Reference Learn CSS Tutorial Reference Learn RWD Tutorial Learn Bootstrap Overview Learn W3.CSS Tutorial Reference Learn Sass Tutorial Reference Learn Colors Tutorial Reference Learn Icons Tutorial Reference Learn SVG Tutorial Reference Learn Canvas Tutorial Reference Learn Graphics Tutorial Learn Character Sets Reference Learn How To Tutorial Data Analytics Learn AI Tutorial Learn Generative AI Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-3.5 Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-4 Tutorial Learn Google Bard Tutorial Learn Machine Learning Tutorial Learn Data Science Tutorial Learn NumPy Tutorial Learn Pandas Tutorial Learn SciPy Tutorial Learn Matplotlib Tutorial Learn Statistics Tutorial Learn Excel Tutorial Learn Google Sheets Tutorial Web Building Create a Website HOT! Create a Server NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Join our Newsletter Learn Data Analytics Learn AI Tutorial Learn Generative AI Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-3.5 Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-4 Tutorial Learn Google Bard Tutorial Learn Machine Learning Tutorial Learn Data Science Tutorial Learn NumPy Tutorial Learn Pandas Tutorial Learn SciPy Tutorial Learn Matplotlib Tutorial Learn Statistics Tutorial Learn Excel Tutorial Learn Google Sheets Tutorial Web Building Create a Website HOT! Create a Server NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Join our Newsletter JavaScript Learn JavaScript Tutorial Reference Learn React Tutorial Learn jQuery Tutorial Reference Learn Vue Tutorial Reference Learn AngularJS Tutorial Reference Learn JSON Tutorial Reference Learn AJAX Tutorial Learn AppML Tutorial Reference Learn W3.JS Tutorial Reference Web Building Create a Website HOT! Create a Server NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Join our Newsletter Backend Learn Python Tutorial Reference Learn SQL Tutorial Reference Learn MySQL Tutorial Reference Learn PHP Tutorial Reference Learn Java Tutorial Reference Learn C Tutorial Learn C++ Tutorial Learn C# Tutorial Learn R Tutorial Learn Kotlin Tutorial Learn Go Tutorial Learn Django Tutorial Reference Learn PostgreSQL Tutorial Learn TypeScript Tutorial Learn ASP Tutorial Reference Learn Node.js Tutorial Reference Learn Raspberry Pi Tutorial Learn Git Tutorial Learn MongoDB Tutorial Learn AWS Cloud Tutorial Learn XML Tutorial Reference Data Analytics Learn AI Tutorial Learn Generative AI Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-3.5 Tutorial Learn ChatGPT-4 Tutorial Learn Google Bard Tutorial Learn Machine Learning Tutorial Learn Data Science Tutorial Learn NumPy Tutorial Learn Pandas Tutorial Learn SciPy Tutorial Learn Matplotlib Tutorial Learn Statistics Tutorial Learn Excel Tutorial Learn Google Sheets Tutorial Web Building Create a Website HOT! Create a Server NEW Where To Start Web Templates Web Statistics Web Certificates Web Development Code Editor Test Your Typing Speed Play a Code Game Cyber Security Accessibility Join our Newsletter Exercises Excercises filter input × HTML and CSS HTML Exercise Quiz CSS Exercise Quiz Bootstrap Exercise Quiz Data Analytics NumPy Exercise Quiz Pandas Exercise Quiz SciPy Exercise Quiz Excel Exercise What is an Exercise? What is a Quiz? JavaScript JavaScript Exercise Quiz React Exercise Quiz jQuery Exercise Quiz Vue Exercise Quiz Backend Python Exercise Quiz SQL Exercise Quiz MySQL Exercise Quiz PHP Exercise Quiz Java Exercise Quiz C Exercise Quiz C++ Exercise Quiz C# Exercise Quiz R Exercise Quiz Kotlin Exercise Quiz Django Exercise Quiz PostgreSQL Exercise Quiz TypeScript Exercise Quiz Git Exercise Quiz Go Exercise MongoDB Exercise AWS Cloud Exercise Quiz Data Analytics NumPy Exercise Quiz Pandas Exercise Quiz SciPy Exercise Quiz Excel Exercise What is an Exercise? What is a Quiz? Excercises filter input × HTML and CSS HTML Exercise Quiz CSS Exercise Quiz Bootstrap Exercise Quiz Data Analytics NumPy Exercise Quiz Pandas Exercise Quiz SciPy Exercise Quiz Excel Exercise What is an Exercise? What is a Quiz? Data Analytics NumPy Exercise Quiz Pandas Exercise Quiz SciPy Exercise Quiz Excel Exercise What is an Exercise? What is a Quiz? What is an Exercise? What is a Quiz? JavaScript JavaScript Exercise Quiz React Exercise Quiz jQuery Exercise Quiz Vue Exercise Quiz Backend Python Exercise Quiz SQL Exercise Quiz MySQL Exercise Quiz PHP Exercise Quiz Java Exercise Quiz C Exercise Quiz C++ Exercise Quiz C# Exercise Quiz R Exercise Quiz Kotlin Exercise Quiz Django Exercise Quiz PostgreSQL Exercise Quiz TypeScript Exercise Quiz Git Exercise Quiz Go Exercise MongoDB Exercise AWS Cloud Exercise Quiz Data Analytics NumPy Exercise Quiz Pandas Exercise Quiz SciPy Exercise Quiz Excel Exercise What is an Exercise? What is a Quiz? Certificates Filter field for certifications × HTML and CSS HTML Certificate Course CSS Certificate Course Bootstrap 3 Certificate Course Bootstrap 4 Certificate Course Bootstrap 5 Certificate Data Analytics Data Analytics Course NumPy Certificate Course Pandas Certificate Course Excel Certificate Social Media Course What is a Certificate? Programs Full Access Best Value! Front End Certificate Course Web Dev. Certificate Course Web App Certificate Course Web Design Certificate Course JavaScript JavaScript Certificate Course React Certificate Course jQuery Certificate Course Vue Certificate Programs Full Access Best Value! Front End Certificate Course Web Dev. Certificate Course Web App Certificate Course Web Design Certificate Course Programs Full Access Best Value! Front End Certificate Course Web Dev. Certificate Course Web App Certificate Course Web Design Certificate Course Backend Python Certificate Course SQL Certificate Course MySQL Certificate PHP Certificate Course Java Certificate Course C Certificate C++ Certificate Course C# Certificate Course R Course Django Certificate TypeScript Certificate Course XML Certificate Course Cyber Security Certificate Course Accessibility Certificate Course Python Apps on AWS Course AWS Training Courses Data Analytics Data Analytics Course NumPy Course Pandas Course Excel Certificate Social Media Course What is a Certificate? Filter field for certifications × HTML and CSS HTML Certificate Course CSS Certificate Course Bootstrap 3 Certificate Course Bootstrap 4 Certificate Course Bootstrap 5 Certificate Data Analytics Data Analytics Course NumPy Certificate Course Pandas Certificate Course Excel Certificate Social Media Course What is a Certificate? Programs Full Access Best Value! Front End Certificate Course Web Dev. Certificate Course Web App Certificate Course Web Design Certificate Course Data Analytics Data Analytics Course NumPy Certificate Course Pandas Certificate Course Excel Certificate Social Media Course What is a Certificate? What is a Certificate? Programs Full Access Best Value! Front End Certificate Course Web Dev. Certificate Course Web App Certificate Course Web Design Certificate Course JavaScript JavaScript Certificate Course React Certificate Course jQuery Certificate Course Vue Certificate Programs Full Access Best Value! Front End Certificate Course Web Dev. Certificate Course Web App Certificate Course Web Design Certificate Course Programs Full Access Best Value! Front End Certificate Course Web Dev. Certificate Course Web App Certificate Course Web Design Certificate Course Backend Python Certificate Course SQL Certificate Course MySQL Certificate PHP Certificate Course Java Certificate Course C Certificate C++ Certificate Course C# Certificate Course R Course Django Certificate TypeScript Certificate Course XML Certificate Course Cyber Security Certificate Course Accessibility Certificate Course Python Apps on AWS Course AWS Training Courses Data Analytics Data Analytics Course NumPy Course Pandas Course Excel Certificate Social Media Course What is a Certificate? Backend Python Certificate Course SQL Certificate Course MySQL Certificate PHP Certificate Course Java Certificate Course C Certificate C++ Certificate Course C# Certificate Course R Course Django Certificate TypeScript Certificate Course XML Certificate Course Cyber Security Certificate Course Accessibility Certificate Course Python Apps on AWS Course AWS Training Courses Data Analytics Data Analytics Course NumPy Course Pandas Course Excel Certificate Social Media Course What is a Certificate? All Our Services Services filter input × W3Schools offers a wide range of services and products for beginners and professionals, helping millions of people everyday to learn and master new skills. Free Tutorials Enjoy our free tutorials like millions of other internet users since 1999 References Explore our selection of references covering all popular coding languages Create a Website Create your own website with W3Schools Spaces - no setup required Exercises Test your skills with different exercises Quizzes Test yourself with multiple choice questions Get Certified Document your knowledge Log in / Sign Up Create a free W3Schools Account to Improve Your Learning Experience My Learning Track your learning progress at W3Schools and collect rewards Upgrade Become a PRO user and unlock powerful features (ad-free, hosting, videos,..) Where To Start Not sure where you want to start? Follow our guided path Code Editor (Try it) With our online code editor, you can edit code and view the result in your browser Videos Learn the basics of HTML in a fun and engaging video tutorial Templates We have created a bunch of responsive website templates you can use - for free! Web Hosting Host your own website, and share it to the world with W3Schools Spaces Create a Server Create your own server using Python, PHP, React.js, Node.js, Java, C#, etc. How To's Large collection of code snippets for HTML, CSS and JavaScript CSS Framework Build fast and responsive sites using our free W3.CSS framework Browser Statistics Read long term trends of browser usage Typing Speed Test your typing speed AWS Training Learn Amazon Web Services Color Picker Use our color picker to find different RGB, HEX and HSL colors. Code Game W3Schools Coding Game! Help the lynx collect pine cones Jobs Find Jobs or Hire Talent with W3Schools Pathfinder Newsletter Join our newsletter and get access to exclusive content every month All Our Services Services filter input × Free Tutorials Enjoy our free tutorials like millions of other internet users since 1999 References Explore our selection of references covering all popular coding languages Create a Website Create your own website with W3Schools Spaces - no setup required Exercises Test your skills with different exercises Quizzes Test yourself with multiple choice questions Get Certified Document your knowledge Log in / Sign Up Create a free W3Schools Account to Improve Your Learning Experience My Learning Track your learning progress at W3Schools and collect rewards Upgrade Become a PRO user and unlock powerful features (ad-free, hosting, videos,..) Where To Start Not sure where you want to start? Follow our guided path Code Editor (Try it) With our online code editor, you can edit code and view the result in your browser Videos Learn the basics of HTML in a fun and engaging video tutorial Templates We have created a bunch of responsive website templates you can use - for free! Web Hosting Host your own website, and share it to the world with W3Schools Spaces Create a Server Create your own server using Python, PHP, React.js, Node.js, Java, C#, etc. How To's Large collection of code snippets for HTML, CSS and JavaScript CSS Framework Build fast and responsive sites using our free W3.CSS framework Browser Statistics Read long term trends of browser usage Typing Speed Test your typing speed AWS Training Learn Amazon Web Services Color Picker Use our color picker to find different RGB, HEX and HSL colors. Code Game W3Schools Coding Game! Help the lynx collect pine cones Jobs Find Jobs or Hire Talent with W3Schools Pathfinder Newsletter Join our newsletter and get access to exclusive content every month Free Tutorials Enjoy our free tutorials like millions of other internet users since 1999 Free Tutorials Enjoy our free tutorials like millions of other internet users since 1999 References Explore our selection of references covering all popular coding languages References Explore our selection of references covering all popular coding languages Create a Website Create your own website with W3Schools Spaces - no setup required Create a Website Create your own website with W3Schools Spaces - no setup required W3Schools Spaces Exercises Test your skills with different exercises Test your skills with different exercises Quizzes Test yourself with multiple choice questions Quizzes Test yourself with multiple choice questions Get Certified Document your knowledge Document your knowledge Log in / Sign Up Create a free W3Schools Account to Improve Your Learning Experience Log in / Sign Up Create a free W3Schools Account to Improve Your Learning Experience free My Learning Track your learning progress at W3Schools and collect rewards My Learning Track your learning progress at W3Schools and collect rewards Upgrade Become a PRO user and unlock powerful features (ad-free, hosting, videos,..) Upgrade Become a PRO user and unlock powerful features (ad-free, hosting, videos,..) Where To Start Not sure where you want to start? Follow our guided path Where To Start Not sure where you want to start? Follow our guided path Code Editor (Try it) With our online code editor, you can edit code and view the result in your browser Code Editor (Try it) With our online code editor, you can edit code and view the result in your browser Videos Learn the basics of HTML in a fun and engaging video tutorial Videos Learn the basics of HTML in a fun and engaging video tutorial Templates We have created a bunch of responsive website templates you can use - for free! Templates We have created a bunch of responsive website templates you can use - for free! Web Hosting Host your own website, and share it to the world with W3Schools Spaces Web Hosting Host your own website, and share it to the world with W3Schools Spaces Create a Server Create your own server using Python, PHP, React.js, Node.js, Java, C#, etc. Create a Server Create your own server using Python, PHP, React.js, Node.js, Java, C#, etc. How To's Large collection of code snippets for HTML, CSS and JavaScript How To's Large collection of code snippets for HTML, CSS and JavaScript CSS Framework Build fast and responsive sites using our free W3.CSS framework CSS Framework Build fast and responsive sites using our free W3.CSS framework W3.CSS Browser Statistics Read long term trends of browser usage Browser Statistics Read long term trends of browser usage Typing Speed Test your typing speed Typing Speed Test your typing speed AWS Training Learn Amazon Web Services AWS Training Learn Amazon Web Services Color Picker Use our color picker to find different RGB, HEX and HSL colors. Color Picker Use our color picker to find different RGB, HEX and HSL colors. Code Game W3Schools Coding Game! Help the lynx collect pine cones Code Game W3Schools Coding Game! Help the lynx collect pine cones Jobs Find Jobs or Hire Talent with W3Schools Pathfinder Find Jobs or Hire Talent with W3Schools Pathfinder Newsletter Join our newsletter and get access to exclusive content every month Newsletter Join our newsletter and get access to exclusive content every month ❮ HTML CSS JAVASCRIPT SQL PYTHON JAVA PHP HOW TO W3.CSS C C++ C# BOOTSTRAP REACT MYSQL JQUERY EXCEL XML DJANGO NUMPY PANDAS NODEJS R TYPESCRIPT ANGULAR GIT POSTGRESQL MONGODB ASP AWS AI GO KOTLIN SASS VUE GEN AI SCIPY CYBERSECURITY DATA SCIENCE ❯ ❮ ❯ About Us About W3Schools About Terms About Privacy About Us About About Privacy ❮ Previous Next ❯ Privacy Statement for W3Schools This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from w3schools.com (the "Site"). Personal information we collect When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information". We collect Device Information using the following technologies: "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. "Log files", and User Accounts, track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. "Web beacons", "tags", and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site. Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "Order Information". Personal User Information When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information. How do we use your personal information? We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to: Communicate with you; Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). We use your account information that we collect generally to generate statistics for you, and provide personalized roadmaps. Additionally, we use this information to: Communicate with you; When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. Sharing you personal Information We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site -- you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We also use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We fund our site by showing adverts as you browse our site. These adverts are usually managed by a partner specializing in providing adverts for multiple sites. Invariably these partners collect anonymous data about the websites you visits so they can personalize the adverts to you, ensure that you don't see the same adverts too frequently and ultimately report to advertisers on which adverts are working. We use a third-party to provide monetization technologies for our site. You can review their privacy and cookie policy here. Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights. Behavioural advertising As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below: - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads - Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous - Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads You can get a full list of the partners we use by accessing our ads.txt file. Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/. You can learn more about online advertising, or opt-out of almost all advertising cookies at https://www.youronlinechoices.com. Note: Opting out will not disable ads, they will just no longer be tailored to you. Manage Consent If you want to change your choices regarding your personal information, you can use the button below: Manage Consent Do not track Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. Your rights If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States. Data retention When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. Changes We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Using Google Drive in our Tryit Editor Our Tryit Editor allows users to store code to, or import code from, Google Drive. This allows users to: Store examples/code to their Google DriveShare examples/code through Google Drive W3Schools does not keep for ourselves, or share this information with third parties. Links W3Schools contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. This privacy document applies only to W3Schools. Contact us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e‑mail at help@w3schools.com or by mail using the details provided below: w3schools [Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] Larsamyraa 18, 4313 SANDNES, Norway ❮ Previous Next ❯ ★ +1 COLOR PICKER SPACES UPGRADE AD-FREE NEWSLETTER GET CERTIFIED REPORT ERROR × Report Error If you want to report an error, or if you want to make a suggestion, do not hesitate to send us an e-mail: help@w3schools.com Top Tutorials HTML Tutorial CSS Tutorial JavaScript Tutorial How To Tutorial SQL Tutorial Python Tutorial W3.CSS Tutorial Bootstrap Tutorial PHP Tutorial Java Tutorial C++ Tutorial jQuery Tutorial Top References HTML Reference CSS Reference JavaScript Reference SQL Reference Python Reference W3.CSS Reference Bootstrap Reference PHP Reference HTML Colors Java Reference Angular Reference jQuery Reference Top Examples HTML Examples CSS Examples JavaScript Examples How To Examples SQL Examples Python Examples W3.CSS Examples Bootstrap Examples PHP Examples Java Examples XML Examples jQuery Examples Get Certified HTML Certificate CSS Certificate JavaScript Certificate Front End Certificate SQL Certificate Python Certificate PHP Certificate jQuery Certificate Java Certificate C++ Certificate C# Certificate XML Certificate     FORUM ABOUT W3Schools is optimized for learning and training. Examples might be simplified to improve reading and learning. Tutorials, references, and examples are constantly reviewed to avoid errors, but we cannot warrant full correctness of all content. While using W3Schools, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookie and privacy policy. Copyright 1999-2023 by Refsnes Data. All Rights Reserved. W3Schools is Powered by W3.CSS. About Privacy ❮ Previous Next ❯ Privacy Statement for W3Schools This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from w3schools.com (the "Site"). Personal information we collect When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information". We collect Device Information using the following technologies: "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. "Log files", and User Accounts, track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. "Web beacons", "tags", and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site. Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "Order Information". Personal User Information When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information. How do we use your personal information? We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to: Communicate with you; Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). We use your account information that we collect generally to generate statistics for you, and provide personalized roadmaps. Additionally, we use this information to: Communicate with you; When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. Sharing you personal Information We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site -- you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We also use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We fund our site by showing adverts as you browse our site. These adverts are usually managed by a partner specializing in providing adverts for multiple sites. Invariably these partners collect anonymous data about the websites you visits so they can personalize the adverts to you, ensure that you don't see the same adverts too frequently and ultimately report to advertisers on which adverts are working. We use a third-party to provide monetization technologies for our site. You can review their privacy and cookie policy here. Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights. Behavioural advertising As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below: - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads - Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous - Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads You can get a full list of the partners we use by accessing our ads.txt file. Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/. You can learn more about online advertising, or opt-out of almost all advertising cookies at https://www.youronlinechoices.com. Note: Opting out will not disable ads, they will just no longer be tailored to you. Manage Consent If you want to change your choices regarding your personal information, you can use the button below: Manage Consent Do not track Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. Your rights If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States. Data retention When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. Changes We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Using Google Drive in our Tryit Editor Our Tryit Editor allows users to store code to, or import code from, Google Drive. This allows users to: Store examples/code to their Google DriveShare examples/code through Google Drive W3Schools does not keep for ourselves, or share this information with third parties. Links W3Schools contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. This privacy document applies only to W3Schools. Contact us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e‑mail at help@w3schools.com or by mail using the details provided below: w3schools [Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] Larsamyraa 18, 4313 SANDNES, Norway ❮ Previous Next ❯ ★ +1 COLOR PICKER About Privacy ❮ Previous Next ❯ Privacy Statement for W3Schools This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from w3schools.com (the "Site"). Personal information we collect When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information". We collect Device Information using the following technologies: "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. "Log files", and User Accounts, track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. "Web beacons", "tags", and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site. Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "Order Information". Personal User Information When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information. How do we use your personal information? We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to: Communicate with you; Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). We use your account information that we collect generally to generate statistics for you, and provide personalized roadmaps. Additionally, we use this information to: Communicate with you; When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. Sharing you personal Information We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site -- you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We also use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We fund our site by showing adverts as you browse our site. These adverts are usually managed by a partner specializing in providing adverts for multiple sites. Invariably these partners collect anonymous data about the websites you visits so they can personalize the adverts to you, ensure that you don't see the same adverts too frequently and ultimately report to advertisers on which adverts are working. We use a third-party to provide monetization technologies for our site. You can review their privacy and cookie policy here. Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights. Behavioural advertising As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below: - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads - Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous - Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads You can get a full list of the partners we use by accessing our ads.txt file. Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/. You can learn more about online advertising, or opt-out of almost all advertising cookies at https://www.youronlinechoices.com. Note: Opting out will not disable ads, they will just no longer be tailored to you. Manage Consent If you want to change your choices regarding your personal information, you can use the button below: Manage Consent Do not track Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. Your rights If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States. Data retention When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. Changes We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Using Google Drive in our Tryit Editor Our Tryit Editor allows users to store code to, or import code from, Google Drive. This allows users to: Store examples/code to their Google DriveShare examples/code through Google Drive W3Schools does not keep for ourselves, or share this information with third parties. Links W3Schools contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. This privacy document applies only to W3Schools. Contact us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e‑mail at help@w3schools.com or by mail using the details provided below: w3schools [Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] Larsamyraa 18, 4313 SANDNES, Norway ❮ Previous Next ❯ ★ +1 About Privacy ❮ Previous Next ❯ Privacy Statement for W3Schools This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from w3schools.com (the "Site"). Personal information we collect When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information". We collect Device Information using the following technologies: "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. "Log files", and User Accounts, track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. "Web beacons", "tags", and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site. "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. "Log files", and User Accounts, track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps. "Web beacons", "tags", and "pixels" are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site. Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as "Order Information". Personal User Information When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information. How do we use your personal information? We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to: Communicate with you; Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. Communicate with you; Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). We use your account information that we collect generally to generate statistics for you, and provide personalized roadmaps. Additionally, we use this information to: Communicate with you; When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. Sharing you personal Information We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site -- you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. We also use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We fund our site by showing adverts as you browse our site. These adverts are usually managed by a partner specializing in providing adverts for multiple sites. Invariably these partners collect anonymous data about the websites you visits so they can personalize the adverts to you, ensure that you don't see the same adverts too frequently and ultimately report to advertisers on which adverts are working. We use a third-party to provide monetization technologies for our site. You can review their privacy and cookie policy here. Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights. Behavioural advertising As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below: - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads - Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous - Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads - Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous - Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads You can get a full list of the partners we use by accessing our ads.txt file. Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance's opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/. You can learn more about online advertising, or opt-out of almost all advertising cookies at https://www.youronlinechoices.com. Note: Opting out will not disable ads, they will just no longer be tailored to you. Note: Manage Consent If you want to change your choices regarding your personal information, you can use the button below: Do not track Please note that we do not alter our Site's data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. Your rights If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States. Data retention When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. Changes We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Using Google Drive in our Tryit Editor Our Tryit Editor allows users to store code to, or import code from, Google Drive. This allows users to: Store examples/code to their Google DriveShare examples/code through Google Drive Store examples/code to their Google Drive Share examples/code through Google Drive W3Schools does not keep for ourselves, or share this information with third parties. Links W3Schools contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. This privacy document applies only to W3Schools. Contact us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e‑mail at help@w3schools.com or by mail using the details provided below: w3schools [Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] Larsamyraa 18, 4313 SANDNES, Norway COLOR PICKER