 The goal of this project is to measure and study how uniquely identifiable web browsers are. All of the data for the project will be collected in an anonymized form which ensures that it is not Personally Identifiable Information, nor otherwise likely to lead to the identification or tracking of any web users. PLEASE NOTE: EFF's General Privacy Policy does NOT apply in full to this website. Due to the nature of the project, and the information that will be collected in the course of the research project, this alternate privacy policy applies. Should you have any questions about this privacy policy or any use of the data collected, please contact privacypolicy@eff.org. The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our website, as well as our members and activists. EFF has established this Cover Your Tracks Privacy Policy to explain what information we collect through this website and how it is used. In this policy, "EFF" and "we" refer to EFF staff, board members, cooperating attorneys, interns, volunteers, and consultants, all of whom are bound by law or contract to keep information they receive as part of their assistance to EFF confidential. In general, Cover Your Tracks collects anonymous data about the configuration of computers, operating systems, browsers plugins, adblockers and other privacy software. If you click the “test me” buttons, this type of information will be collected from your browser. Although these kinds of data may form a 'fingerprint' that could in principle be combined with information about page requests and identifying details in order to track people's browsing habits, EFF will never do so. The specific `fingerprint' information we collect includes: In addition, we collect several kinds of `housekeeping' information to assist us in analyzing the fingerprint data. The housekeeping information is: Our practices and purposes for collecting these housekeeping records are discussed below: Cover Your Tracks sets a cookie that persists for 3 months for the sole purpose of determining how often browser characteristics change, and how often they stay the same, when a browser returns over time. If your browser is configured to accept cookies, and you return to Cover Your Tracks several times, the cookie will be used to link the data from your visits together. For visitors to our website, we generally log requests to our website for up to seven days from when the data was collected after stripping the visitor's IP address from the request. Circumstances in which EFF may need to log and retain IP addresses and other technical information include when we believe it is reasonably necessary for EFF’s mission and functionality, including situations such as: Cover Your Tracks collects a timestamp each time it is visited. This will be used to measure how fast browser fingerprints change, but for no other purpose. In general, EFF uses the information provided by you to further its mission, protect privacy, defend freedom, and protect your rights in the digital world. We may look at technical information to diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Cover Your Tracks website. EFF uses simulators of third party tracking systems in order to determine whether the visitor's browser is protected against similar trackers. Please note that our simulators may not encompass all the possible ways that a third party tracking system may operate. If you have any questions about our privacy and data protection practices, you can reach EFF at: Electronic Frontier Foundation 815 Eddy Street San Francisco, CA 94109 USA Phone: +1-415-436-9333 Fax: +1-415-436-9993 Email: privacypolicy@eff.org. To protect your privacy, we use various techniques to anonymize the data set, and have promised in this policy not to try to de-anonymize the data, which means we don't know which entry in our Cover Your Tracks data set is from a test of your browser, This also means that we have no way to allow you to access, update or remove that specific data. If you have any questions, you can email us at privacypolicy@eff.org. From time to time, EFF may also share datasets derived from our technology projects with research partners working on topics related to Internet security, censorship resistance, privacy or other public policy objectives. We may also publish datasets in an effort to further these objectives. The datasets we may share or publish will not intentionally contain personally identifiable information. Before sharing, we will evaluate whether further sanitization or aggregation of data is necessary to reduce the likelihood that inferences about identifiable individuals' activities might be made from the published dataset. Because anonymization is an algorithmically complex problem, we cannot promise that it will be flawless or attack-proof. When we believe that a dataset may contain information that is especially sensitive or vulnerable to de-anonymition, we will not publish it, and if we share such data with research partners, we will place them under a contractual obligation to keep the dataset confidential and avoid de-anonymization. EFF employs industry standard security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, including appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk, such as the pseudonymization and encryption of personal data, data backup systems, and engaging security professionals to evaluate our systems effectiveness. Although we make good faith efforts to store information collected by EFF in a secure operating environment, we cannot guarantee complete security. EFF's Cover Your Tracks Privacy Policy may change from time to time. However, any revised privacy policy will be consistent with EFF's mission. If we make any substantive changes to our policies, we will place notice in EFFector and post notice of changes on this page. Updated December 17, 2015 to reflect the changes in version 2.0 of our tracking and fingerprinting detection tool. Updated November 28, 2017 to reflect the addition in version 3.0 of the so-called "acceptable ads" test. Updated May 25, 2018 to provide more transparency about our privacy practices and more detailed information about how you can access, correct and remove personal data stored with EFF.