Skip to main content Why Dropbox? Get inspired What customers say App integrations Resources Share files Store and organize Sync your devices Protect and secure data Connect remote teams Keep work moving Always-on backup Sign a document Track document analytics Products DropboxStore, share, and access files across devices Dropbox Store, share, and access files across devices BackupAutomatically back up your devices Backup Automatically back up your devices SignRequest and add signatures to documents Sign Request and add signatures to documents DocSendSend documents securely and track activity DocSend Send documents securely and track activity CaptureCreate screen recordings and video messages Capture Create screen recordings and video messages ReplayReview and approve videos faster Replay Review and approve videos faster Dash (beta)Search, organize and find answers Dash (beta) Search, organize and find answers Early accessPreview new product experiences Early access Preview new product experiences Solutions Creatives Sales Marketing HR IT Team Lead Personal Construction Technology Manufacturing Media Professional Services Pricing Contact Help center Community forums Email +1 855-237-6726 Get app Desktop app Mobile app Sign up Login Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Business Agreement DMCA Policy Acceptable Use Open Source Dropbox Privacy Policy Posted: September 26, 2023 Effective: September 26, 2023 Services What & Why We collect and use the following information to provide, improve, protect, and promote our Services. Account information. We collect, and associate with your account, the information you provide to us when you do things such as sign up for your account, upgrade to a paid plan, and set up two-factor authentication (like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, and physical address). Account information. Your Stuff. Your Stuff Contacts. You may choose to give us access to your contacts to make it easy for you, and your Dropbox Team if you’re a Dropbox Team user, to do things like share and collaborate on Your Stuff, send messages, and invite others to use the Services. If you do, we’ll store those contacts on our servers. Contacts. Usage information. Device information. We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services. For example, we use device information to detect abuse and identify and troubleshoot bugs. Device information. Cookies and other technologies. DocSend and Dropbox analytics. When you use the DocSend or Dropbox analytics portion of our Services to view content, we collect information including your identifying and device information, such as email addresses, IP addresses, and device identifiers of devices you use to view the content. We also collect information on how you interact with the viewed content, such as the date and time you view the content, the number of times and length of time you view the content, and which portions of the content you view. DocSend and Dropbox analytics. Marketing. We may also collect information from you if you interact with Dropbox representatives at an event, download marketing or educational materials from our website, or contact a Dropbox representative. We may use the information you provide to send you additional marketing materials. We sometimes contact people who don’t have a Dropbox account. For recipients in the EU, we or a third party will obtain consent before reaching out. If you receive an email and no longer wish to be contacted by Dropbox, you can unsubscribe and remove yourself from our contact list via the message itself. Bases for processing your data. With Whom We may share information as discussed below, but we won’t sell it to advertisers or other third parties. Others working for and with Dropbox. Other Dropbox Companies. Other users. Our Services are designed to help you collaborate with others. If you register your Dropbox account with an email address on a domain owned by your employer or organization, join a Dropbox Team, or collaborate with other Dropbox users, we may suggest you or your team as a potential collaborator to other users or teams. For example, if you interact with a person at a company, and that person frequently works with one of their coworkers, we may suggest you as a potential collaborator for that coworker. Collaborators and potential collaborators may see some of your basic information, like your name, Dropbox Team name, profile picture, device, email address, and usage information. This helps you sync up with teams you can join and helps other users share files and folders with you. Other users. Certain features let you make additional information available to others. For example, if you view a file or folder shared from DocSend or Dropbox analytics, we will share your identifying information such as name and email address, information on the device you used to view the content, and for how long you viewed content and what portion of the content you viewed with the owner of the file or folder. Other applications. Team Admins. If you are a user of a Dropbox Team, your administrator may have the ability to access and control your Dropbox Team account. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this. If you aren’t a Dropbox Team user but interact with a Dropbox Team user (for example, by joining a shared folder or accessing stuff shared by that user), members of that organization may be able to view information about you (such as your name, email address, and profile picture) and your interaction with the Dropbox Team user (such as your IP address). If you share Your Stuff with a Dropbox Team user, the administrator of the team account may have the ability to access and edit what you share. Team Admins. Law & Order and the Public Interest. We may disclose your information to third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate government request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Dropbox or our users; (d) protect Dropbox’s rights, property, safety, or interest; or (e) perform a task carried out in the public interest. Law & Order and the Public Interest. How Security. We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing for vulnerabilities. We continue to work on features to keep your information safe in addition to things like two-factor authentication, encryption of files at rest, and alerts when new devices and apps are linked to your account. We deploy automated technologies to detect abusive behavior and content that may harm our Services, you, or other users. Security. User Controls. Retention. Use of Data from Google APIs. Where Around the world. To provide you with the Services, we may store, process, and transmit data in the United States and locations around the world—including those outside your country. Data may also be stored locally on the devices you use to access the Services. Around the world. Data Transfers. Data Privacy Frameworks. Your Control and Access of Your Data You have control over your personal data and how it’s collected, used, and shared. For example, you can: Delete Your Stuff in your Dropbox account. Change or correct personal data. Access and take your data elsewhere. Object to the processing of your personal data. Dropbox as controller or processor. If you reside in North America (the United States, Canada, and Mexico), Dropbox, Inc. acts as your service provider. For all other users, Dropbox International Unlimited Company acts as a controller of your personal data. Outside of North America, if you are a Dropbox Team customer or use the Dropbox Sign or DocSend team portions of the Services, Dropbox acts as a processor of your data. Dropbox as controller or processor. Changes If we’re involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition, or sale of our assets, your data may be transferred as part of that deal. We’ll notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.