By accessing this Website, accessible from https://weatheralex1.com, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website Terms and Conditions of Use and agree that you are responsible for the agreement with any applicable local laws. If you disagree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from accessing this site. The materials contained in this Website are protected by copyright and trade mark law. Permission is granted to download multiple one copies of the materials on Weatheralex1 Hub's Website for personal, commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not: All the materials on Weatheralex1 Hub’s Website are provided "as is". Weatheralex1 Hub makes no warranties, may it be expressed or implied, therefore negates all other warranties. Furthermore, Weatheralex1 Hub does not make any representations concerning the accuracy or reliability of the use of the materials on its Website or otherwise relating to such materials or any sites linked to this Website. Weatheralex1 Hub or its suppliers will not be hold accountable for any damages that will arise with the use or inability to use the materials on Weatheralex1 Hub’s Website, even if Weatheralex1 Hub or an authorize representative of this Website has been notified, orally or written, of the possibility of such damage. Some jurisdiction does not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. The materials appearing on Weatheralex1 Hub’s Website may include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Weatheralex1 Hub will not promise that any of the materials in this Website are accurate, complete, or current. Weatheralex1 Hub may change the materials contained on its Website at any time without notice, excpet the terms of service. The terms of service will be updated after a prior 30 day notice. Weatheralex1 Hub does not make any commitment to update the materials. Weatheralex1 Hub has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The presence of any link does not imply endorsement by Weatheralex1 Hub of the site. The use of any linked website is at the user’s own risk. Weatheralex1 Hub may revise these Terms of Use for its Website at any time prior with a notice. By using this Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use. Please read our Privacy Policy. Any claim related to Weatheralex1 Hub's Website shall be governed by the laws of us without regards to its conflict of law provisions.