Privacy Center State Privacy Rights Intellectual Property Last updated: July 2023 Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices. Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services. We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below: Information You Provide to Us. We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as: When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you. When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments). Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services. When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins. When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information. Information from Cookies and Other Technologies. This information also includes the kind of content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions. Information from Others. We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as: When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter). From publicly-available sources. From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings. We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes: Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services. Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you. Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites. Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID. Conduct research and support innovation. Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity. With Your Consent. We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent. Within Yahoo. Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies. With Partners. We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are: Trusted Partners. We provide user information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures. When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies. New Ownership. If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner. Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store. Data Processing and Transfers When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside. The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country. This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically. If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect. Yahoo Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 770 Broadway, New York NY 10003, USA If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, 5-7 Point Square, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland. MHC GDPR Representative Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited South Bank House Barrow Street Dublin 4 Ireland Recent Versions May 2018 - update to privacy notice; October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change; October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention. ©2023 Yahoo. All Rights Reserved.  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12