Open navigation menu Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyLast Updated and Effective: December 13, 2023 Privacy Policy Last Updated and Effective: December 13, 2023 What is this document? Will this document be updated? We may update this Privacy Policy. When we make significant changes to this Policy, we will notify you through our website or app when you log in to your account. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information. How to navigate this document This document is broken into seven sections divided by topic. To navigate to a section, reference the list below which provides examples of the types of questions that will be answered in that section. When you find a section that interests you, just click on it and you’ll be automatically directed there. SECTION 1Data Collection and Processing SECTION 1 Data Collection and Processing SECTION 2Data Sharing SECTION 2 Data Sharing SECTION 3Data Retention, Erasure, and Exporting SECTION 3 Data Retention, Erasure, and Exporting SECTION 4Security and Anonymity SECTION 4 Security and Anonymity SECTION 5Cookies and Web Beacons SECTION 5 Cookies and Web Beacons SECTION 6Additional privacy notices for California, UK, GDPR, and non-US/UK/EU residents SECTION 6 Additional privacy notices for California, UK, GDPR, and non-US/UK/EU residents Do you collect, store, or Process my data? The categories of data which we Process1 are listed below. We Process this data to do things like operate the Platform and make sure you are able to use our services effectively. We may also Process data to send you periodic emails or text messages. In some cases, these communications are to help provide services. Other times, they are to provide marketing communications. You can opt out of receiving texts or marketing communications at any time. Additionally, provided you opt in, we may Process and share some data with Third Parties2 for advertising purposes. You can find more details in the relevant sections of this Policy. What specific data are you Processing and why do you collect it? What data we Process depends on how you’re using our website, app, or the Platform. We explain in the section below the specific data we collect and Process and, in the section following this, the business purpose for collecting and Processing this data. As highlighted in the table below, we collect and Process “Therapy Data“, which includes health and treatment information that is required to facilitate therapy. Name of category of dataInformation that is collected and what it is used for“Visitor data”What is collected:When you visit the website, app, or Platform, we Process information like the particular pages visited or which features you interacted with, the amount of time on the website or app, site/app/Platform errors, information about the type of device and browser you’re using, and IP address. We may Process your Third Party identifier or advertising ID (if available based on the settings of your device) and will share the information with Third Parties, if you opt in to Advertising (previously “Targeting cookies”) and web beacons.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy services3Facilitating tools for you and your Therapist4Communicating with you5Monitoring and improving therapy quality6Personalizing your web or app experience7Helping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new features8Complying with laws9Protecting your safety and the safety of others10Sending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account11“Onboarding data”What is collected:To create an account with the Platform, the user first fills out a questionnaire. We Process the information used to complete this questionnaire.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesMonitoring and improve therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account“Account Data”What is collected:Once a user creates an account with the Platform, we Process data such as the account name the user selects, and other demographic and contact information, such as email, age, phone number, emergency contact details, and whether a user verifies their email address.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of others“User ID”What is collected:We assign each user (including Therapists) who create an account a sequentially-generated user ID. User IDs are unique to each account and are required in order to enable the Platform to function.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account“Transaction Data”What is collected:We Process data about payment transactions on the Platform such as whether a user completed payment for our services, signed up for services using a trial offer, canceled or ended a trial, received a discount or financial aid, or received any extensions or refunds. We also process whether a visitor has registered to create an account.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account“Member Engagement Data”What is collected:We Process data for logging into the Platform and activity conducted during that log in such as when a user logs in, the login timing, number and length of messages received or sent through the Platform, received or sent message timing, number and duration of live session scheduled or conducted, the number and timing of use of other features such as worksheets, journals, and goals. This category does not include Therapy Data like the content of any messages sent or received by users, the content of any live sessions, or the content of journal entries, worksheets, or goals.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account“Therapy Data”What is collected:We Process written communications and related information users share with their Therapist to facilitate the therapy. This includes messages with Therapists, worksheets, and journal entries. Users may also choose to send audio messages which are automatically transcribed. We do not record the video or audio sessions with Therapists.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistComplying with laws“Therapy Quality Data”What is collected:We Process client feedback about their Therapist including, ratings and reviews of their Therapist, actions regarding switching Therapists or quitting therapy, and the reason selected by the client. We Process Therapist session availability, session cancellations and no-shows.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account“Customer Service and Communications Data”What is collected:We Process communications users have with our Customer Service team.What it is used for:Communicating with youComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of others“Therapist Data”What is collected:In order to follow up with Therapists on the status of their applications, to identify, match, credential, re-credential, run checks, issue 1099s and pay Therapists, we process Therapist information such as the Therapist’s name, bank account information, gender, date of birth, governmental identification numbers (SSN/FEIN), e-mail address, phone number, address, NPI number (if applicable), license information, CAQH number (if applicable), and areas of interest/expertise, education, and job history. Therapists may also separately and outside of this Policy, consent to using facial scans to assist logging them in and verifying their identity.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account“Therapist Engagement Data”What is collected:For Therapists, we process such data as number/times of Therapist logins to the Platform, the number of live sessions conducted by a Therapist, number of messages and words exchanged by a Therapist, number of worksheets shared by a Therapist, and number of journal entries shared with a Therapist.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your Therapist“Clinical Health Record”What is collected:We Process "Clinical Health Record" which is a record with the minimum information your therapist would need to identify you and document the services you received. This Record includes your therapist’s internal notes, dates you received services, and the following specific subsets of Onboarding, Account, and Therapy data:"Onboarding data": Onboarding Questionnaire Answers"Account data": Account name the user selects, phone number (if one is provided), email address, emergency contact details"Therapy data": Dates of service, messages with therapist, worksheets, journal entries that are shared with therapist, therapist’s internal notes What is collected: When you visit the website, app, or Platform, we Process information like the particular pages visited or which features you interacted with, the amount of time on the website or app, site/app/Platform errors, information about the type of device and browser you’re using, and IP address. We may Process your Third Party identifier or advertising ID (if available based on the settings of your device) and will share the information with Third Parties, if you opt in to Advertising (previously “Targeting cookies”) and web beacons. What it is used for: To create an account with the Platform, the user first fills out a questionnaire. We Process the information used to complete this questionnaire. Once a user creates an account with the Platform, we Process data such as the account name the user selects, and other demographic and contact information, such as email, age, phone number, emergency contact details, and whether a user verifies their email address. We assign each user (including Therapists) who create an account a sequentially-generated user ID. User IDs are unique to each account and are required in order to enable the Platform to function. We Process data about payment transactions on the Platform such as whether a user completed payment for our services, signed up for services using a trial offer, canceled or ended a trial, received a discount or financial aid, or received any extensions or refunds. We also process whether a visitor has registered to create an account. We Process data for logging into the Platform and activity conducted during that log in such as when a user logs in, the login timing, number and length of messages received or sent through the Platform, received or sent message timing, number and duration of live session scheduled or conducted, the number and timing of use of other features such as worksheets, journals, and goals. This category does not include Therapy Data like the content of any messages sent or received by users, the content of any live sessions, or the content of journal entries, worksheets, or goals. We Process written communications and related information users share with their Therapist to facilitate the therapy. This includes messages with Therapists, worksheets, and journal entries. Users may also choose to send audio messages which are automatically transcribed. We do not record the video or audio sessions with Therapists. We Process client feedback about their Therapist including, ratings and reviews of their Therapist, actions regarding switching Therapists or quitting therapy, and the reason selected by the client. We Process Therapist session availability, session cancellations and no-shows. We Process communications users have with our Customer Service team. In order to follow up with Therapists on the status of their applications, to identify, match, credential, re-credential, run checks, issue 1099s and pay Therapists, we process Therapist information such as the Therapist’s name, bank account information, gender, date of birth, governmental identification numbers (SSN/FEIN), e-mail address, phone number, address, NPI number (if applicable), license information, CAQH number (if applicable), and areas of interest/expertise, education, and job history. Therapists may also separately and outside of this Policy, consent to using facial scans to assist logging them in and verifying their identity. For Therapists, we process such data as number/times of Therapist logins to the Platform, the number of live sessions conducted by a Therapist, number of messages and words exchanged by a Therapist, number of worksheets shared by a Therapist, and number of journal entries shared with a Therapist. We Process "Clinical Health Record" which is a record with the minimum information your therapist would need to identify you and document the services you received. This Record includes your therapist’s internal notes, dates you received services, and the following specific subsets of Onboarding, Account, and Therapy data: "Visitor Data"What is collected:When you visit the website, app, or Platform, we Process information like the particular pages visited or which features you interacted with, the amount of time on the website or app, site/app/Platform errors, information about the type of device and browser you’re using, and IP address. We may Process your Third Party identifier or advertising ID (if available based on the settings of your device) and will share the information with Third Parties, if you opt in to Advertising (previously “Targeting cookies”) and web beacons.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy services3Facilitating tools for you and your Therapist4Communicating with you5Monitoring and improving therapy quality6Personalizing your web or app experience7Helping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new features8Complying with laws9Protecting your safety and the safety of others10Sending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account11"Onboarding Data"What is collected:To create an account with the Platform, the user first fills out a questionnaire. We Process the information used to complete this questionnaire.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesMonitoring and improve therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account"Account Data"What is collected:Once a user creates an account with the Platform, we Process data such as the account name the user selects, and other demographic and contact information, such as email, age, phone number, emergency contact details, and whether a user verifies their email address.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of others"User ID"What is collected:We assign each user (including Therapists) who create an account a sequentially-generated user ID. User IDs are unique to each account and are required in order to enable the Platform to function.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account"Transaction Data"What is collected:We Process data about payment transactions on the Platform such as whether a user completed payment for our services, signed up for services using a trial offer, canceled or ended a trial, received a discount or financial aid, or received any extensions or refunds. We also process whether a visitor has registered to create an account.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account"Member Engagement Data"What is collected:We Process data for logging into the Platform and activity conducted during that log in such as when a user logs in, the login timing, number and length of messages received or sent through the Platform, received or sent message timing, number and duration of live session scheduled or conducted, the number and timing of use of other features such as worksheets, journals, and goals. This category does not include Therapy Data like the content of any messages sent or received by users, the content of any live sessions, or the content of journal entries, worksheets, or goals.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account"Therapy Data"What is collected:We Process written communications and related information users share with their Therapist to facilitate the therapy. This includes messages with Therapists, worksheets, and journal entries. Users may also choose to send audio messages which are automatically transcribed. We do not record the video or audio sessions with Therapists.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistComplying with laws"Therapy Quality Data"What is collected:We Process client feedback about their Therapist including, ratings and reviews of their Therapist, actions regarding switching Therapists or quitting therapy, and the reason selected by the client. We Process Therapist session availability, session cancellations and no-shows.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account"Customer Service and Communications Data"What is collected:We Process communications users have with our Customer Service team.What it is used for:Communicating with youComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of others"Therapist Data"What is collected:In order to follow up with Therapists on the status of their applications, to identify, match, credential, re-credential, run checks, issue 1099s and pay Therapists, we process Therapist information such as the Therapist’s name, bank account information, gender, date of birth, governmental identification numbers (SSN/FEIN), e-mail address, phone number, address, NPI number (if applicable), license information, CAQH number (if applicable), and areas of interest/expertise, education, and job history. Therapists may also separately and outside of this Policy, consent to using facial scans to assist logging them in and verifying their identity.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account"Therapist Engagement Data"What is collected:For Therapists, we process such data as number/times of Therapist logins to the Platform, the number of live sessions conducted by a Therapist, number of messages and words exchanged by a Therapist, number of worksheets shared by a Therapist, and number of journal entries shared with a Therapist.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your Therapist"Clinical Health Record"What is collected:We Process "Clinical Health Record" which is a record with the minimum information your therapist would need to identify you and document the services you received. This Record includes your therapist’s internal notes, dates you received services, and the following specific subsets of Onboarding, Account, and Therapy data:"Onboarding data": Onboarding Questionnaire Answers"Account data": Account name the user selects, phone number (if one is provided), email address, emergency contact details"Therapy data": Dates of service, messages with therapist, worksheets, journal entries that are shared with therapist, therapist’s internal notes "Visitor Data"What is collected:When you visit the website, app, or Platform, we Process information like the particular pages visited or which features you interacted with, the amount of time on the website or app, site/app/Platform errors, information about the type of device and browser you’re using, and IP address. We may Process your Third Party identifier or advertising ID (if available based on the settings of your device) and will share the information with Third Parties, if you opt in to Advertising (previously “Targeting cookies”) and web beacons.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy services3Facilitating tools for you and your Therapist4Communicating with you5Monitoring and improving therapy quality6Personalizing your web or app experience7Helping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new features8Complying with laws9Protecting your safety and the safety of others10Sending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account11 "Visitor Data" What is collected:When you visit the website, app, or Platform, we Process information like the particular pages visited or which features you interacted with, the amount of time on the website or app, site/app/Platform errors, information about the type of device and browser you’re using, and IP address. We may Process your Third Party identifier or advertising ID (if available based on the settings of your device) and will share the information with Third Parties, if you opt in to Advertising (previously “Targeting cookies”) and web beacons.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy services3Facilitating tools for you and your Therapist4Communicating with you5Monitoring and improving therapy quality6Personalizing your web or app experience7Helping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new features8Complying with laws9Protecting your safety and the safety of others10Sending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account11 "Onboarding Data"What is collected:To create an account with the Platform, the user first fills out a questionnaire. We Process the information used to complete this questionnaire.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesMonitoring and improve therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Onboarding Data" What is collected:To create an account with the Platform, the user first fills out a questionnaire. We Process the information used to complete this questionnaire.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesMonitoring and improve therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Account Data"What is collected:Once a user creates an account with the Platform, we Process data such as the account name the user selects, and other demographic and contact information, such as email, age, phone number, emergency contact details, and whether a user verifies their email address.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of others "Account Data" What is collected:Once a user creates an account with the Platform, we Process data such as the account name the user selects, and other demographic and contact information, such as email, age, phone number, emergency contact details, and whether a user verifies their email address.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of others "User ID"What is collected:We assign each user (including Therapists) who create an account a sequentially-generated user ID. User IDs are unique to each account and are required in order to enable the Platform to function.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "User ID" What is collected:We assign each user (including Therapists) who create an account a sequentially-generated user ID. User IDs are unique to each account and are required in order to enable the Platform to function.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Transaction Data"What is collected:We Process data about payment transactions on the Platform such as whether a user completed payment for our services, signed up for services using a trial offer, canceled or ended a trial, received a discount or financial aid, or received any extensions or refunds. We also process whether a visitor has registered to create an account.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Transaction Data" What is collected:We Process data about payment transactions on the Platform such as whether a user completed payment for our services, signed up for services using a trial offer, canceled or ended a trial, received a discount or financial aid, or received any extensions or refunds. We also process whether a visitor has registered to create an account.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Member Engagement Data"What is collected:We Process data for logging into the Platform and activity conducted during that log in such as when a user logs in, the login timing, number and length of messages received or sent through the Platform, received or sent message timing, number and duration of live session scheduled or conducted, the number and timing of use of other features such as worksheets, journals, and goals. This category does not include Therapy Data like the content of any messages sent or received by users, the content of any live sessions, or the content of journal entries, worksheets, or goals.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Member Engagement Data" What is collected:We Process data for logging into the Platform and activity conducted during that log in such as when a user logs in, the login timing, number and length of messages received or sent through the Platform, received or sent message timing, number and duration of live session scheduled or conducted, the number and timing of use of other features such as worksheets, journals, and goals. This category does not include Therapy Data like the content of any messages sent or received by users, the content of any live sessions, or the content of journal entries, worksheets, or goals.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Therapy Data"What is collected:We Process written communications and related information users share with their Therapist to facilitate the therapy. This includes messages with Therapists, worksheets, and journal entries. Users may also choose to send audio messages which are automatically transcribed. We do not record the video or audio sessions with Therapists.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistComplying with laws "Therapy Data" What is collected:We Process written communications and related information users share with their Therapist to facilitate the therapy. This includes messages with Therapists, worksheets, and journal entries. Users may also choose to send audio messages which are automatically transcribed. We do not record the video or audio sessions with Therapists.What it is used for:Facilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistComplying with laws "Therapy Quality Data"What is collected:We Process client feedback about their Therapist including, ratings and reviews of their Therapist, actions regarding switching Therapists or quitting therapy, and the reason selected by the client. We Process Therapist session availability, session cancellations and no-shows.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Therapy Quality Data" What is collected:We Process client feedback about their Therapist including, ratings and reviews of their Therapist, actions regarding switching Therapists or quitting therapy, and the reason selected by the client. We Process Therapist session availability, session cancellations and no-shows.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youMonitoring and improving therapy qualityPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Customer Service and Communications Data"What is collected:We Process communications users have with our Customer Service team.What it is used for:Communicating with youComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of others "Customer Service and Communications Data" What is collected:We Process communications users have with our Customer Service team.What it is used for:Communicating with youComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of others "Therapist Data"What is collected:In order to follow up with Therapists on the status of their applications, to identify, match, credential, re-credential, run checks, issue 1099s and pay Therapists, we process Therapist information such as the Therapist’s name, bank account information, gender, date of birth, governmental identification numbers (SSN/FEIN), e-mail address, phone number, address, NPI number (if applicable), license information, CAQH number (if applicable), and areas of interest/expertise, education, and job history. Therapists may also separately and outside of this Policy, consent to using facial scans to assist logging them in and verifying their identity.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Therapist Data" What is collected:In order to follow up with Therapists on the status of their applications, to identify, match, credential, re-credential, run checks, issue 1099s and pay Therapists, we process Therapist information such as the Therapist’s name, bank account information, gender, date of birth, governmental identification numbers (SSN/FEIN), e-mail address, phone number, address, NPI number (if applicable), license information, CAQH number (if applicable), and areas of interest/expertise, education, and job history. Therapists may also separately and outside of this Policy, consent to using facial scans to assist logging them in and verifying their identity.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your TherapistCommunicating with youPersonalizing your web or app experienceHelping us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresComplying with lawsProtecting your safety and the safety of othersSending you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account "Therapist Engagement Data"What is collected:For Therapists, we process such data as number/times of Therapist logins to the Platform, the number of live sessions conducted by a Therapist, number of messages and words exchanged by a Therapist, number of worksheets shared by a Therapist, and number of journal entries shared with a Therapist.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your Therapist "Therapist Engagement Data" What is collected:For Therapists, we process such data as number/times of Therapist logins to the Platform, the number of live sessions conducted by a Therapist, number of messages and words exchanged by a Therapist, number of worksheets shared by a Therapist, and number of journal entries shared with a Therapist.What it is used for:Connecting you with therapy servicesFacilitating therapy tools for you and your Therapist "Clinical Health Record"What is collected:We Process "Clinical Health Record" which is a record with the minimum information your therapist would need to identify you and document the services you received. This Record includes your therapist’s internal notes, dates you received services, and the following specific subsets of Onboarding, Account, and Therapy data:"Onboarding data": Onboarding Questionnaire Answers"Account data": Account name the user selects, phone number (if one is provided), email address, emergency contact details"Therapy data": Dates of service, messages with therapist, worksheets, journal entries that are shared with therapist, therapist’s internal notes "Clinical Health Record" What is collected:We Process "Clinical Health Record" which is a record with the minimum information your therapist would need to identify you and document the services you received. This Record includes your therapist’s internal notes, dates you received services, and the following specific subsets of Onboarding, Account, and Therapy data:"Onboarding data": Onboarding Questionnaire Answers"Account data": Account name the user selects, phone number (if one is provided), email address, emergency contact details"Therapy data": Dates of service, messages with therapist, worksheets, journal entries that are shared with therapist, therapist’s internal notes If you’re a Therapist on our Platform, or being recruited to join us, in addition to the above, we may Process Therapist Data, Therapy Quality Data, Therapist Engagement Data, User ID, Onboarding Data, Account Registration Data to: Do you Process location data? We process your IP address to determine your rough location so that we can personalize the platform for you. For example, we show you relevant information about our service that applies to visitors from your country. We also utilize your rough location to improve your user experience when using our platform. For example we auto populate your state (if applicable) and country when you are completing our onboarding questionnaire. We do not request or process exact location information such as information provided by your phone via GPS. We Process your address information when you provide it as part of your emergency contact information when you start therapy on the Platform. Your contact information is required to comply with therapy regulations and ethical code. It can be used, for example, in case your Therapist believes you are in immediate danger. When you are filing out this field, we may process your rough location to provide autocomplete suggestions for your convenience. To learn about the additional purposes for which we Process IP addresses, please see: What are the purposes for sharing my data? Here’s some more information about the purposes for which we share your data: Note that if you make any information publicly available on the Platform, such as with a public post, anyone may see and use such information. How do you use my data to comply with the law? When required by law, we cooperate with government agencies. This is not unique to BetterHelp and is applicable to in-person therapy as well. For example, a court might subpoena information from us where we would be required to share certain information requested in the subpoena. Keep in mind that, as a general rule, we defer to your chosen Therapist to decide to produce (or not produce) any psychotherapy notes or messages you have had with them. Many jurisdictions have strict rules governing Therapist/client relationships and the confidentiality requirements associated with that. We encourage you to discuss with your Therapist early on if you have concerns about their disclosure obligations.You should also be aware that Therapists may be obliged to disclose information to authorities to meet professional and legal responsibilities. Specifically, some laws require mental health professionals to disclose information and/or take action for: (a) reported or suspected abuse; (b) serious suicidal potential; (c) threatened harm; and (d) court-ordered treatment. You should speak with your Therapist if you have concerns about this. When required by law, we cooperate with government agencies. This is not unique to BetterHelp and is applicable to in-person therapy as well. For example, a court might subpoena information from us where we would be required to share certain information requested in the subpoena. Keep in mind that, as a general rule, we defer to your chosen Therapist to decide to produce (or not produce) any psychotherapy notes or messages you have had with them. Many jurisdictions have strict rules governing Therapist/client relationships and the confidentiality requirements associated with that. We encourage you to discuss with your Therapist early on if you have concerns about their disclosure obligations. You should also be aware that Therapists may be obliged to disclose information to authorities to meet professional and legal responsibilities. Specifically, some laws require mental health professionals to disclose information and/or take action for: (a) reported or suspected abuse; (b) serious suicidal potential; (c) threatened harm; and (d) court-ordered treatment. You should speak with your Therapist if you have concerns about this. Do you sell my data? Are you using my data for advertising? In order to reach people who may be looking for mental health support, we advertise on some Third Party2 web properties such as Third Party websites and apps. In order to minimize advertising costs related to this process and downstream costs to you, we strive to deliver ads that are relevant, interesting, and personal. Even if you do opt in, we still do not engage in “retargeting” advertising. Retargeting advertising is a type of advertising whereby advertisers leverage the fact that you viewed a page or took an action on their site to advertise to you again on third party properties in the hope that you will see the ad and return to their site. To be clear, we don’t share any data or information you share with your Therapist with any Third Party advertisers. Even if you opt in to Advertising cookies and web beacons, we still don’t share information with Third Party advertisers like Member names, email addresses, phone numbers, clinician diagnosis, questionnaires answers, sessions data, journal entries, messages, worksheets, or any other type of private communication you have with your Therapist on the Platform. For additional information regarding Third Parties that BetterHelp may share data with, please reference our Third Party Partners Disclosure List. How long do you retain my data and how do I request data erasure? BetterHelp is committed to ensuring that all applicable Member data is retained only for the amount of time required to provide relevant products and services and in accordance with relevant legal requirements. Certain categories of data are retained for a period of time after you cancel your Membership or your Membership becomes inactive. These categories of data are retained to allow for a seamless reactivation in the event you begin using our services again and allow Therapists to reference historical information. Retaining this data is also needed to ensure our products and services function. In addition to the data retention schedule outlined below, BetterHelp maintains a process for all Members (regardless of where they live) to receive and process, without undue delay, requests to erase or access their data. Retention Policy BetterHelp’s data retention policies are based upon what data is being Processed1, whether or not the Member has participated in therapy, and if the Member proactively requested data erasure or if the erasure is triggered due to Platform inactivity. Did not start therapy Did not request data erasure Your data is retained for 3 years after your last login date and is then erased. Did start therapy Your data is retained for 10 years after your last login date and is then erased. Did request data erasure Your data is erased within 24 hours of the erasure request. All other personal identifiable information in the following categories is erased within 24 hours of the erasure request: Visitor Data; Onboarding Data; Account Data; User ID; Transaction Data; Member Engagement Data; Therapy Data; Customer Service and Communications Data. I am a Member who did not start therapy & did not request data erasureYour data is retained for 3 years after your last login date and is then erased. I am a Member who did not start therapy & did not request data erasure I am a Member who did start therapy & did not request data erasureYour data is retained for 10 years after your last login date and is then erased. I am a Member who did start therapy & did not request data erasure I am a Member who did not start therapy & did request data erasureYour data is erased within 24 hours of the erasure request. I am a Member who did not start therapy & did request data erasure I am a Member who did start therapy & did request data erasure Exercising Your Data Protection Rights: As stated, you have certain rights under data protection laws, including the right to request that we erase personal data we hold about you, and the right to request a copy of it. The following sections describe how you can exercise those rights. Requesting Data Erasure: To request data erasure, please log in to your account and go to Menu > My Account (or Account Settings) > My Personal Information, where you will see a link to request complete erasure of your account. Click that and follow the instructions to begin the data erasure process. You will receive a confirmation email from us within 24 hours of your request. Additionally you can visit our opt out instructions page to request erasure or to opt out of previous settings you have opted into. Requirements: Only you or your authorized representative may make a request on your behalf. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child depending on the applicable laws.You must provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify your identity or status as an authorized representative.You must provide details that allow us to understand, evaluate, and respond to your request.If a Member joined the platform via an organization or Employee Assistance Program (“EAP”) then the only way to erase their account will be via contacting Member Success. The Member will not be able to request account erasure from within the Platform.In some circumstances, legal or regulatory requirements limit our ability to honor erasure requests. As such, we may decline requests for erasure if the information is:Subject to a litigation hold or legal request to preserve it.Necessary to comply with laws and regulations and to maintain business integrity.Clinical Health Record (described above) falls under this exemption.Additionally, compliance obligations require us to retain records documenting certain interactions you have with us related to your Membership. As such, we cannot honor erasure requests for information contained in records of:Communications about complaints and erasure or access requests.Disclosures of personal data to Third Parties.If we don’t intend to comply with a request, then we will tell you why this is the case, and outline how we weighed your rights and freedoms against our legal obligations. In such instances, any information retained will only be used for purposes contemplated under the legally recognized exemption. If a Member joined the platform via an organization or Employee Assistance Program (“EAP”) then the only way to erase their account will be via contacting Member Success. The Member will not be able to request account erasure from within the Platform. In some circumstances, legal or regulatory requirements limit our ability to honor erasure requests. As such, we may decline requests for erasure if the information is: Additionally, compliance obligations require us to retain records documenting certain interactions you have with us related to your Membership. As such, we cannot honor erasure requests for information contained in records of: If we don’t intend to comply with a request, then we will tell you why this is the case, and outline how we weighed your rights and freedoms against our legal obligations. In such instances, any information retained will only be used for purposes contemplated under the legally recognized exemption. Requesting a copy of my data To receive a summary copy of your data, please log in to your account and go to Menu > My Account (or Account settings) > My Personal information, where you will see an option to request a copy of your data. The data you will receive as part of this request includes the contact information that you input on the site, questionnaire answers, worksheet entries, emergency contact information, messages you sent to your Therapist, journal entries that you created, and other personal information. How do you keep my data secure? BetterHelp has an experienced team of data security professionals whose job it is to make sure we use secure technology to protect your data. We have an Information Security team who test internal security at BetterHelp to try and anticipate threat actors and act defensively to build processes and infrastructure to prevent incidents and attacks. We have numerous robust security practices such as: For your own security, keep the following in mind: Can I sign up for BetterHelp and remain anonymous? When you sign up for an account on BetterHelp, we do not ask you for your full name. You may pick any name or “nickname” which will identify you in the system. You will need to provide an email address so that we can verify your account, and so we can communicate with you. You can choose an email that does not include your name (including if you are coming to us from an employer, organization, or other business partner and do not want to use your organization’s email address), but you should be aware that in some jurisdictions emails may be considered “personal data,” “personally identifiable information,” or “sensitive personal data” in certain circumstances. When you decide to start the therapy process, we’ll ask you for your contact information for emergency situations such as if your Therapist thinks that you or someone else is in immediate danger. Your Therapist may request additional specific information about you as required by their license or other accreditation guidelines. Even though we try to limit the kinds of information you must provide to us as discussed above, it is very difficult to be truly “anonymous” when you use any app or the internet. Read more about what data we Process1 and why here: Who can see the interactions I have with my Therapist? You and your Therapist are able to see the messages you send, the worksheets you submit. Your Therapist can also see the journal entries you submit if you opt in to sharing journal entries.If you consent, a licensed Therapist who is employed as part of the BetterHelp Clinical Operations Team may review correspondence with your Therapist for quality assurance purposes. For example, if you raise a concern about your Therapist, or if we have concerns about a specific Therapist’s clinical care.In addition, our internal Trust and Safety or Legal teams may review correspondence for specific accounts if we have a reason to believe that there is a security, legal, or fraud issue occurring with that specific account.Messages with your Therapist are not shared with any Third Party2, and your live sessions are not recorded. We also do not share when you send a message, or have a session with your Therapist, with any Third Party. You and your Therapist are able to see the messages you send, the worksheets you submit. Your Therapist can also see the journal entries you submit if you opt in to sharing journal entries. If you consent, a licensed Therapist who is employed as part of the BetterHelp Clinical Operations Team may review correspondence with your Therapist for quality assurance purposes. For example, if you raise a concern about your Therapist, or if we have concerns about a specific Therapist’s clinical care. In addition, our internal Trust and Safety or Legal teams may review correspondence for specific accounts if we have a reason to believe that there is a security, legal, or fraud issue occurring with that specific account. Messages with your Therapist are not shared with any Third Party2, and your live sessions are not recorded. We also do not share when you send a message, or have a session with your Therapist, with any Third Party. How do you treat data from children? We don’t knowingly collect or solicit any data or information from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) or knowingly allow such persons to become our users. The Platform is not directed at and not intended to be used by children under the age of thirteen (13). If you’re aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age thirteen (13), please let us know by contacting us, and we’ll delete that information. What is a cookie or web beacon? A “cookie“ is a small data file that is accessible within a folder on a computer, and it is used for record-keeping purposes. Cookies are used to enhance performance of the Platform, personalize your experience and can be used for Third Party2 tracking (as described above). For example, cookies may be used to help you quickly log into certain platforms and websites without having to enter your credentials every time.A “web beacon“ or “pixel” is a tiny and sometimes invisible image or embedded code, placed on a web page or email that can report your visit or use to a Third Party (as described above). In general, these tools can be used to monitor the activity of users for the purpose of web analytics, advertising optimization, or page tagging. A “cookie“ is a small data file that is accessible within a folder on a computer, and it is used for record-keeping purposes. Cookies are used to enhance performance of the Platform, personalize your experience and can be used for Third Party2 tracking (as described above). For example, cookies may be used to help you quickly log into certain platforms and websites without having to enter your credentials every time. A “web beacon“ or “pixel” is a tiny and sometimes invisible image or embedded code, placed on a web page or email that can report your visit or use to a Third Party (as described above). In general, these tools can be used to monitor the activity of users for the purpose of web analytics, advertising optimization, or page tagging. What are you using cookies and web beacons for? We use our own, Service Providers12 and Third Party cookies and web beacons to deliver a faster and safer experience, to monitor and analyze usage, to comply with laws, and for advertising purposes. To read more about the kinds of Third Party cookies we use and their purposes, to update your settings, or to opt out, click "here". How do I opt out of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology? How can I stop receiving direct marketing emails from you? You can always opt out of receiving marketing emails. In order to opt out, you can select the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of the relevant email communication. Additional Privacy Notice for California Residents This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the BetterHelp Privacy Policy to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and the California Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA") of 2020. The CCPA and the CPRA are California laws that provide its residents with certain rights over information about them, including notice about the categories of personal information we have collected from them in the preceding twelve (12) months and the purposes for which the information is used or disclosed, and correction of personal information. The following Sections outline the data that is Processed1 by us, as well as the purpose for collection, and the categories of sources of such information: The data referenced at those links may fall in certain defined categories under the CCPA and CPRA. Accordingly, we may have collected: Do I have the right to know what information you have about me? Yes, as a California resident you can request certain information about what we have Processed over the past 12 months. Once we receive and verify your consumer request, we can provide: Can I “opt out” or request that you delete my information? Other California privacy rights General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK General Data Protection Regulation Notice This section provides additional information about our Policy relevant to you if you are from the European Economic Area (the EEA), United Kingdom, and Switzerland (together “European Area Countries”). It supplements and should be read in conjunction with the rest of the Policy. Under the European Area Countries’ privacy laws, we are the Controller with respect to your data. When is my data used? What Lawful Basis for Sensitive Data is Used in the UK and EEA? BetterHelp may also collect and Process certain categories of personal information, which may be considered “sensitive personal information” in the UK and EEA. The lawful basis for this Processing are (1) health and social care, (2) our establishment, exercise, or defense of a right or legal obligation, (3) substantial public interest, and (4) consent. Where consent is the legal basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Sensitive personal information that we Process includes your racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, and data concerning your health or about your sex life or sexual orientation. When you begin to use our services and register your account, we ask you to provide answers to a questionnaire to customize the service, to match you with a Therapist, and to provide therapy and related services to you. In providing your responses to the questionnaire you may provide us with “sensitive personal Information” as described above. You may also continue to share such data with us as you receive services. This data is necessary as it allows us to continue providing services to you and customize our services for you. It is also necessary to provide healthcare with a personalized and well-selected Therapist based on points of data which impact your therapy and health care needs. The Therapist also reviews this data and can choose to not work with you if they are not a good fit. We may also use this information to improve our service and understand how you interact with the services. How we obtain your personal information BetterHelp obtains the categories of personal information listed above from the following sources: What are my rights and choices under European Area Countries laws? European Area Country residents have specific rights regarding their data. This section describes your rights if you are resident in the European Area Countries and explains how to exercise those rights. Is my data transferred internationally? As a part of our standard business practices, we may transfer your data to organizations based in countries that have not been granted an adequacy decision under the General Data Protection Regulation. Where data is transferred to such countries, we shall ensure that specific safeguards or derogations have been established. These might include where the data transfer is necessary in order to fulfill a contract between us and yourself, where we have received your specific consent after having made you aware of any risks involved, or where contracts are in place between us and the Third-Parties involved that ensure the recipient organization has a suitable standard of data protection in place. You can contact our Data Protection Officer with questions, about this Policy, or about your data by writing to: Attn: BetterHelp UK: Data Protection Officer Ametros Group Ltd Lakeside Offices, Thorn Business Park Rotherwas Industrial Estate Hereford, Herefordshire England HR2 6JT 0330 223 2246 dpo@ametrosgroup.com Attn: BetterHelp EU: Data Protection Officer Ametros Ltd Unit 3D North Point House North Point Business Park New Mallow Road, Cork Ireland gdpr@ametrosgroup.com While we’ll always work with you to resolve any concerns you have about the use of your data, under GDPR you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in your country of residence if you have any concerns about our use of your personal information. Additional Privacy Notice for non-US, non-UK, and non-EU residents As a part of our standard business practices, data is transferred outside of many visitors’ countries of residence and predominantly used, accessed and processed within the U.S. Fortunately, given the robust and rigorous nature of privacy laws in the US, UK, and EU with which we comply, BetterHelp considers that this has the effect of protecting user information in a way that, overall, is at least substantially similar or in many ways exceeds non-US data privacy legal requirements. To the extent we contract with vendors who are outside of the U.S, we ensure that specific safeguards have been established to protect that data. SECTION 7Defining key policy terms SECTION 7 Defining key policy terms 1ProcessIn this Policy, we refer generally to activities done with data as "Processing" or "Process." Examples of Processing include collecting, storing, and using data. 1Process 1 In this Policy, we refer generally to activities done with data as "Processing" or "Process." Examples of Processing include collecting, storing, and using data. 2Third Party 2 3Connect you with therapy servicesIn order for us to connect you with therapy services on our Platform, we need to be able to facilitate information sharing between you and your Therapist so that you can get the help you need from them. We also Process data like your Therapist preferences, your state (if applicable), and your country to determine what Therapist to suggest to you based on applicable licensing or accreditation requirements. 3Connect you with therapy services 3 In order for us to connect you with therapy services on our Platform, we need to be able to facilitate information sharing between you and your Therapist so that you can get the help you need from them. We also Process data like your Therapist preferences, your state (if applicable), and your country to determine what Therapist to suggest to you based on applicable licensing or accreditation requirements. 4Facilitate tools for you and your TherapistOnce you start therapy, we need to process certain data to enable therapy tools within the Platform such as journal entries, setting goals and providing relevant worksheets. These help facilitate a more effective therapeutic experience and outcome. We Process Visitor Data, Account Data, Therapist Data, User ID, to verify your identity, secure your account (applicable to both Members and Therapists), and to monitor and protect the security of the Platform: We process certain data to make sure only you are able to access your account, and to place controls or challenges to prevent unauthorized access. We may also process some of your data when issuing security patches and bug fixes in order to address security risks. We may also process your data to track potential abuse on the platform, prevent and detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. 4Facilitate tools for you and your Therapist 4 Once you start therapy, we need to process certain data to enable therapy tools within the Platform such as journal entries, setting goals and providing relevant worksheets. These help facilitate a more effective therapeutic experience and outcome. We Process Visitor Data, Account Data, Therapist Data, User ID, to verify your identity, secure your account (applicable to both Members and Therapists), and to monitor and protect the security of the Platform: We process certain data to make sure only you are able to access your account, and to place controls or challenges to prevent unauthorized access. We may also process some of your data when issuing security patches and bug fixes in order to address security risks. We may also process your data to track potential abuse on the platform, prevent and detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. 5Communicate with youFor example, we need to make sure that if you ask a question or have a concern about the Platform, we’re able to respond to you and provide an answer. 5Communicate with you 5 For example, we need to make sure that if you ask a question or have a concern about the Platform, we’re able to respond to you and provide an answer. 6Monitor and improve therapy qualityFor example, we track if a live session occurred, was canceled, or if the Therapist did not show up, to ensure that timely services are being delivered to you. We also track ratings, reviews, complaints, and other client feedback to ensure the quality of Therapists on our Platform. If you consent, a licensed Therapist who is employed as part of the BetterHelp Clinical Operations Team may review correspondence with your Therapist for quality assurance purposes. For example, if you raise a concern about your Therapist, or we have concerns about a specific Therapist’s clinical care. In addition, our internal Trust and Safety or Legal teams may review correspondence for specific accounts if we have a reason to believe that there is a security, legal, or fraud issue occurring with that specific account. 6Monitor and improve therapy quality 6 For example, we track if a live session occurred, was canceled, or if the Therapist did not show up, to ensure that timely services are being delivered to you. We also track ratings, reviews, complaints, and other client feedback to ensure the quality of Therapists on our Platform. If you consent, a licensed Therapist who is employed as part of the BetterHelp Clinical Operations Team may review correspondence with your Therapist for quality assurance purposes. For example, if you raise a concern about your Therapist, or we have concerns about a specific Therapist’s clinical care. In addition, our internal Trust and Safety or Legal teams may review correspondence for specific accounts if we have a reason to believe that there is a security, legal, or fraud issue occurring with that specific account. 7Personalize your web or app experienceFor example, if you identify as a Member of the LGBTQ+ community and would prefer a Therapist who has relevant expertise, experience, and training to provide therapy services for LGBTQ+ Members, we Process information to allow us to match you with an appropriate Therapist that can meet these needs. Another example is if you state that you would like help with anxiety, we may recommend content and features that would be helpful to you, such as anxiety-related group sessions. 7Personalize your web or app experience 7 For example, if you identify as a Member of the LGBTQ+ community and would prefer a Therapist who has relevant expertise, experience, and training to provide therapy services for LGBTQ+ Members, we Process information to allow us to match you with an appropriate Therapist that can meet these needs. Another example is if you state that you would like help with anxiety, we may recommend content and features that would be helpful to you, such as anxiety-related group sessions. 8Help us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new featuresFor example, we may use some of your data to determine which products and features to roll out to you, which features are popular and require more investment or resources, or decide to remove features that are not providing value. We may also Process data to know when you have already seen certain notifications on the Platform and do not need to be shown them again. Another example of this is when we use your IP address to help conveniently auto-populate your state (if applicable) and country, or assist you with providing your address when completing information about your emergency contact. We may also track regular usage of certain pages, buttons, or features on the Platform in order to allocate our research and development resources appropriately. In addition, if you opt in to Analytics (previously “Performance cookies”), we may process some data to track site visits across our sister sites such as ReGain and Teen Counseling. This is known as “first-party cross domain tracking”. 8Help us understand how you use our services, how we can improve our products and services to make them more effective and convenient, and offer you new features 8 For example, we may use some of your data to determine which products and features to roll out to you, which features are popular and require more investment or resources, or decide to remove features that are not providing value. We may also Process data to know when you have already seen certain notifications on the Platform and do not need to be shown them again. Another example of this is when we use your IP address to help conveniently auto-populate your state (if applicable) and country, or assist you with providing your address when completing information about your emergency contact. We may also track regular usage of certain pages, buttons, or features on the Platform in order to allocate our research and development resources appropriately. In addition, if you opt in to Analytics (previously “Performance cookies”), we may process some data to track site visits across our sister sites such as ReGain and Teen Counseling. This is known as “first-party cross domain tracking”. 9Comply with lawsFor example, a court might subpoena information from us where we would be required to share certain information requested in the subpoena. In addition, Therapists are subject to certain legal requirements and professional obligations to have a full record and/or complete information of the care and services they provide you ("Clinical Health Record"), which must be retained for a certain amount of time following the conclusion of your care. This is not unique to BetterHelp and is applicable to in-person therapy as well. Keep in mind that, as a general rule, we defer to your chosen Therapist to decide to produce (or not produce) any psychotherapy notes or messages you have had with them. Many jurisdictions have strict rules governing Therapist/client relationships and the confidentiality requirements associated with that. We encourage you to discuss with your Therapist early on if you have concerns about their disclosure obligations. 9Comply with laws 9 For example, a court might subpoena information from us where we would be required to share certain information requested in the subpoena. In addition, Therapists are subject to certain legal requirements and professional obligations to have a full record and/or complete information of the care and services they provide you ("Clinical Health Record"), which must be retained for a certain amount of time following the conclusion of your care. This is not unique to BetterHelp and is applicable to in-person therapy as well. Keep in mind that, as a general rule, we defer to your chosen Therapist to decide to produce (or not produce) any psychotherapy notes or messages you have had with them. Many jurisdictions have strict rules governing Therapist/client relationships and the confidentiality requirements associated with that. We encourage you to discuss with your Therapist early on if you have concerns about their disclosure obligations. 10Protect your safety and the safety of othersFor example, if we have reason to believe that you or any other person may be in immediate danger or your privacy has been infringed upon, we may use the information to investigate or reach out to you or the appropriate authorities if it is legally appropriate/permitted to do so. 10Protect your safety and the safety of others 10 For example, if we have reason to believe that you or any other person may be in immediate danger or your privacy has been infringed upon, we may use the information to investigate or reach out to you or the appropriate authorities if it is legally appropriate/permitted to do so. 11Send you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your accountFor example, we might email you to offer you special promotions or discounts. We might also email you to provide you with therapy related news or content that you might find interesting. You can opt out of receiving texts or marketing communications at any time. 11Send you opportunities, promotions, news, updates and reminders about our services and your account 11 For example, we might email you to offer you special promotions or discounts. We might also email you to provide you with therapy related news or content that you might find interesting. You can opt out of receiving texts or marketing communications at any time. 12Service ProviderWe define a Service Provider as a person or company that we have a legal agreement with to Process data collected by us or on our behalf. Data that is Processed on our behalf is required to be done only at our direction - no other person or company can authorize it. Our Service Providers are not permitted to disclose data that is individually identifiable to any other person or company, other than to us or the Service Providers’ own subcontractors provided that they’re bound to data Processing terms that are no less restrictive than the Service Provider’s terms.The data obtained by Service Providers from their relationship with us must only be used for performing the services specified in our agreement with them, or as reasonably necessary to perform one or more of the following:Comply with applicable law, regulation, or legal process;Detect, prevent or mitigate fraud or security vulnerabilities;Debug to identify and repair errors impairing existing intended functionalities; and/orConduct internal research for technological development and demonstration of our products or services, if such use is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose for which the data was shared. 12Service Provider 12 We define a Service Provider as a person or company that we have a legal agreement with to Process data collected by us or on our behalf. Data that is Processed on our behalf is required to be done only at our direction - no other person or company can authorize it. Our Service Providers are not permitted to disclose data that is individually identifiable to any other person or company, other than to us or the Service Providers’ own subcontractors provided that they’re bound to data Processing terms that are no less restrictive than the Service Provider’s terms.The data obtained by Service Providers from their relationship with us must only be used for performing the services specified in our agreement with them, or as reasonably necessary to perform one or more of the following:Comply with applicable law, regulation, or legal process;Detect, prevent or mitigate fraud or security vulnerabilities;Debug to identify and repair errors impairing existing intended functionalities; and/orConduct internal research for technological development and demonstration of our products or services, if such use is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose for which the data was shared. We define a Service Provider as a person or company that we have a legal agreement with to Process data collected by us or on our behalf. Data that is Processed on our behalf is required to be done only at our direction - no other person or company can authorize it. Our Service Providers are not permitted to disclose data that is individually identifiable to any other person or company, other than to us or the Service Providers’ own subcontractors provided that they’re bound to data Processing terms that are no less restrictive than the Service Provider’s terms. The data obtained by Service Providers from their relationship with us must only be used for performing the services specified in our agreement with them, or as reasonably necessary to perform one or more of the following: