 New York, USA 1010 Grand Avenue 009-215-5596 Give us a call mail@example.com 24/7 online support New York, USA 1010 Grand Avenue 1010 Grand Avenue 009-215-5596 Give us a call Give us a call mail@example.com 24/7 online support 24/7 online support Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, process, and disclose your information, including personal information, when you use the Services. When this Privacy Policy mentions “Pexgle”, “we”, “us”, or “our” it refers to the Pexgle that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy (the “Data Controller”). If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business. This information is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract between you and us and to allow us to comply with our legal obligations. Without it, we may not be able to provide you with all the requested services (including use of the Services itself, our Blog, participation in our webinars, events, being our Affiliate).We retain your account information until you delete your Pexgle Account. We also retain some of your information, which is anonymised, as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations and to continue to develop and improve the Services. Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you, and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you. We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving the Services, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you. We process this information given our legitimate interest in protecting the Services, to measure the adequate performance of our contract with you, and to comply with applicable laws. We will process your personal information for the purposes listed in this section given our legitimate interest in undertaking marketing activities to offer you products or services that may be of your interest. You can opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our marketing communications or changing your notification settings within your Pexgle Account. We process this information given our legitimate interest in improving the Paid Services, and where it is necessary for the adequate performance of the contract with you and to comply with applicable laws. We will never sell your Personal Data to any third party. Copyright 2019, All Right Reserved Pexgle