 TERMS & CONDITIONS TERMS & CONDITIONS On this page, you will find terms and conditions for current and past competitions and campaigns running for Genius Foods UK. Social Media: Goal Getter Giveaway Closes Sunday 14 January 23:59pm. Terms and Conditions: You have until 23:59 14 January 2024 to enter. UK residents aged over 18 only. Unlimited unique entries allowed. Winner will be selected at random and winner will be contacted only by @geniusfoodofficial. Full Terms and Conditions: 1-The promoter is: Genius Foods Ltd. whose registered office is at 22 Northumberland Street South West Lane, Edinburgh EH3 6JD. 2- Eligibility: This prize promotion is open to residents of the United Kingdom- aged 18 years or over, excluding employees and their immediate families (spouse, parent, child, sibling, grandparent and/or "step" family), of The Promoter, or anyone associated with the prize promotion. 3- Promotional Period- 06/12- 15/12 4- By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating their agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions. 5- Route to entry: Instructions outlined on @Geniusfoodofficial Instagram. Follow the genius food Instagram (@geniusfoodsofficial), tag three friends in the comments and share to your stories. 6- Multiple entries are allowed, however each entry must include a unique tag in comments. 7- Closing date for entry will be at 23:59 on the 14thJan 2024. After this date no further entries to the competition will be permitted. 8- No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason. The rules of the competition and how to enter are as follows: 9- The promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition and these terms and conditions without notice in the event of a catastrophe, war, civil or military disturbance, act of God or any actual or anticipated breach of any applicable law or regulation or any other event outside of the promoter’s control. Any changes to the competition will be notified to entrants as soon as possible by the promoter. 10- The promoter is not responsible for inaccurate prize details supplied to any entrant by any third party connected with this competition. 11- The prize is as follows: 1 x winner will be selected. The prize is as stated: Genius Breads Range (Brown, White, Seeded, Toastie), 1 x Stanley Cup, 1 x Neom Pod, 1 x diary. 12- Winners will be chosen: 1 winner will be selected by random for all entries received & verified by Promoter. 13- The winners will be notified by Instagram DM within 28 days of the closing date. The winners will only ever be contacted by @geniusfoodofficial. If the winner cannot be contacted or do not claim the prize within 14 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner. 14- The promoter will notify the winners when and where the prize can be collected / is delivered. 15- The promoter’s decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into. 16- The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by Scottish law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Scotland. 17- The winner agrees to the use of their name and image in any publicity material, as well as their entry. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current UK data protection legislation 18- The winners’ names will be available 28 days after closing date by emailing the following address: 19- Entry into the competition will be deemed as acceptance of these terms and conditions. 20- This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with Instagram. You are providing your information to Genius Food and not to any other party. The information provided will be used in conjunction with Genius Food Privacy Policy () Social Media: Win £200 gift card: Closes Midnight 14th December. Terms and Conditions: You have until 23:59 14 December 2023 to enter. UK residents aged over 18 only. Unlimited unique entries allowed. Winner will be selected at random and winner will be contacted only by @geniusfoodofficial. Follow the genius food Instagram (@geniusfoodsofficial), tag two friends, and comment on the competition post. 7- Closing date for entry will be at 23:59 on the 14th December 2023. After this date no further entries to the competition will be permitted. 1 x winner will be selected. The prize is as stated: £200 gift voucher from any major retailer. Social Media: Win £100 worth of Genius morning goods : Closes 20th November 2023. Terms and Conditions: You have until 11:59 19 November 2023 to enter. UK residents aged over 18 only. Unlimited unique entries allowed. Winner will be selected at random and winner will be contacted only by @geniusfoodofficial. 3- Promotional Period- 13/11/23-19/11/23 Follow the genius food instagram (@geniusfoodsofficial), tag two friends, and comment on the competition post. 7- Closing date for entry will be at 11:59 on the 19th November July 2023. After this date no further entries to the competition will be permitted. 1 x winner will be selected. The prize is as stated: £100 worth of Genius Morning Goods products (pancakes, crumpets). As bakers we love cookies and use them on our website too. If you’re browsing here, we’ll assume you love cookies too. If not, you can change your settings at any time. . Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.