Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. This service is only available to users over a certain age. You maintain ownership of your content. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. U.S. Residents are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA). When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, you are notified at least 30 days in advance. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. You waive your right to a class action.. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner