Skip to main content navigation region started Shop Shop Shop all phones Shop all wearables Bring your Apple Watch Bring your own phone Sign up with eSIM Affirm financing Visible Protect Plans Plans Check out our plans See our coverage Can I keep my phone number? Save when you Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Deals Deals See our deals Holiday must-haves Upgrade program Trade-in program Visible Payback About Us About Us Learn more about Visible Reviews Visible Impacts Blog Help Help Help Center Community About Visible Getting Started Setup & Activation Your Account Sign in Account Sign Out Shop Shop Shop all phones Shop all wearables Bring your Apple Watch Bring your own phone Sign up with eSIM Affirm financing Visible Protect Plans Plans Check out our plans See our coverage Can I keep my phone number? Save when you Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Deals Deals See our deals Holiday must-haves Upgrade program Trade-in program Visible Payback About Us About Us Learn more about Visible Reviews Visible Impacts Blog Help Help Help Center Community About Visible Getting Started Setup & Activation Your Account Articles: Help: Account Sign Out Main region started Privacy Policy Effective Date: June 2023 Visible values your business and is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies and practices for the collection, use and sharing of your information. Visible is a member of the Verizon family of companies. California Privacy Rights Colorado Privacy Rights Connecticut Privacy Rights Maine Broadband Consumer Privacy Rights Nevada Privacy Rights Virginia Privacy Rights Collection of Information We, and service providers acting on our behalf, collect information when you visit our websites, use our apps, contact us, and when you subscribe to and use our wireless service. We collect information you provide directly to us. This includes personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, postal address, a username and password, payment information, and communications you send to us. We collect information when you use our service. This includes information about the calls you make and receive, text messages you send and receive, when you visit our websites or use our app, and wireless network and device information, including location, Internet protocol (IP) address and connection speed, mobile telephone number, device and advertising identifiers, browser type, and operating system. Some Visible devices include Verizon-provided system applications that collect information about network and device conditions, which is used to secure and improve our network and services. We also collect information when you visit our sites and use our apps, including through cookies and similar technology. This includes your IP address, mobile number, device and advertising identifiers; browser and platform type, operating system, connection speed and other attributes; pages that you visit before and after visiting our sites; the date and time of your visit; information about the links you click and pages you view within the sites and screen records. We, and service providers acting on our behalf, collect information about your use of our sites or apps using cookies, pixels, web beacons, scripts, and other similar technologies. We use this information to analyze visitor activity on our site, to understand website traffic patterns and engagement, administer our sites, measure advertising effectiveness, to gather demographic information about our customer base as a whole, and for other business purposes. We also allow advertising companies to collect information about your activity on our websites and in our app, for example through cookies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons, application programming interfaces (APIs) and social network plugins, to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on our website and on others’ sites and apps. These ads may be tailored for you based on your activity on Visible sites and combined with your activities on other websites and in apps where these advertising companies are present. These advertising companies may also use information they collect for others’ advertising purposes. The use of information collected about your visits over time and across different websites, apps and devices is known as cross-context behavioral or interest-based advertising. Visible websites may also include social network or other third-party plug-ins, widgets, or other similar technology that may provide information to associated social networks or third parties even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-ins and widgets. We collect info when you contact us. When you contact us or we contact you, we may monitor or record that communication for quality assurance, training and security purposes. We collect information about you from others. We may obtain information about you from other sources, including from companies that collect consumer information such as demographic and interest data. In addition, if you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, from our sites or apps, to log into our sites or apps, or to share information about your experience, we may collect information from these third-party services. Use of Information We use the information we collect to deliver service, to market to you, and for other business purposes, including to: Fulfill your requests for products, services, information and customer support; Determine products and services that may interest you and market them to you, including on Visible sites and apps and on others’ sites, services, apps and devices as described in Section V below; Analyze the use of the sites, apps, and service for our purposes, such as product and service enhancements; Research and develop new products and services; Authenticate you; Customize the content you see when you use our sites and apps; Secure and improve our network and services; Detect and prevent potentially prohibited, fraudulent or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with our Terms of Use; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or with your consent. Disclosure of Information We share information with service providers who do work on our behalf and for other business purposes. Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also share certain information about you with affiliates for marketing and as described below. Select partners. We share your information with partners that help us with a variety of things, including development and delivery of our sites, apps and service. This includes services provided by others to help us with analytics, including Google Analytics, which may include storing and accessing cookies and other information on your computer or wireless device. Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. Legal purposes. We may disclose information (1) to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries and in emergencies such as those involving the danger of death or serious injury to any person; (2) to advance, protect or defend the rights, interests, property, safety, and security of Visible, our affiliates, users, or the public; (3) to identify, protect against, and address unauthorized or unlawful use of our sites, apps or service, or our network; and (4) to outside auditors and regulators. Aggregated and De-identified Information. We may aggregate or otherwise de-identify information and use it for our own purposes or share it with third parties for their own purposes. With your consent. We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent. If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, through our sites or apps, to log in or to share information about your Visible experience, or if you contact us through these services, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the site or app, in accordance with their own privacy policies. Information Security and Retention We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Our policies require that we retain records for as long they are needed to provide you service or for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them. Your Choices You have choices about certain ways we use and share information about you. Marketing. You have choices about receiving marketing from Visible. If you would like to be removed from Visible’s email marketing list, you can opt out using the unsubscribe instructions, usually found at the bottom of the emails. Website information used for interest based advertising. You have the choice to stop the information collected from your activity on Visible sites to be used to customize advertisements you see on the internet. We do not currently respond to Do Not Track signals in your web browser setting. However, we do honor Global Privacy Control signals. Please visit Your Privacy Choices for more information about how your information may be sold, shared or used for certain targeted advertising and how you can opt out. If you opt out, you may still see Visible advertisements, but they may not be as relevant to you. International Users Our sites, apps and service are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representation that our apps, sites or services are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of any other nation. By using our apps, sites or service and providing us with information, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction and, to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States, that you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. State Privacy Rights California Privacy Rights California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, gives you specific rights as a California resident. The law provides you with the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it; to access, delete, and correct that information within certain limitations; to tell us not to sell or share personal information about you; to limit the use of certain sensitive personal information; and to not be discriminated against for invoking these rights. Your Right to Know We describe the personal information we collect, how we use it, in this privacy policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from our network and the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information, some of which may be considered sensitive personal information under California law: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your driver’s license or state identification card; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. Our policies require that we retain records for as long they are needed for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them. We incorporate personal information into different types of records; it is not always retained by distinct data elements. For example, your name could be part of your customer account record, transaction record, or call records. Each type of record may be retained for a different time period depending on its purpose. We have established criteria for how long to keep different types of records. We use this information for business and commercial purposes as they are defined by the CCPA. Business and commercial purposes includes providing services to you; communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance purposes. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers may use information for the same purposes, as necessary for them to perform work for us (including in the last twelve months). Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also disclose information to third parties, such as partners and to law enforcement, among others, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. We allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of these activities, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information” section below. Some of the information that we collect is Sensitive Personal Information under California Law. California law defines sensitive personal information as: information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number along with required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account precise geolocation racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership contents of your mail, email, and text messages unless we are the recipient of the communication genetic data using biometrics to uniquely identify you and collecting or analyzing personal information about your health, sex life or sexual orientation We do not use, sell, share, or disclose sensitive personal information, as defined by California law, for any purpose other than to provide the goods or services requested by you, with your consent, or for other purposes expressly authorized by California law, such as to detect security incidents. Your Right to Access or Correct Information You have the right to request access to specific pieces and categories of personal information we collected about you. You or your authorized agent can do this by accessing our Data and Privacy Portal or via the email address provided below. We will honor up to two consumer rights requests every twelve months as required by California law. You can use this same contact information to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. Your Right to Delete You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under California law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to provide the services that you have requested and other activities needed to maintain an ongoing business relationship or perform a contract with you, to maintain information security, to exercise legal rights, or to comply with other laws and then securely delete it. Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information California law gives you the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. The term “sale or sharing” is broadly defined to include sharing personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration and the sharing of your information for cross contextual advertising purposes. The definition does not cover all sharing of personal information. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale or sharing” under California law are: using third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to our websites and app using cookies and other web technologies to inform our and others’ cross contextual advertising; sharing customer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications; sharing customer information with third-parties to help find other potential customers using interest segments they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps. To opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information, please visit Your Privacy Choices . We also recognize that you are exercising your choice to opt out if you engage a browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) when visiting our sites. If you are a Visible member who is logged in to your account when using the GPC signal, we will apply your choice to activity on our website whenever you are logged in and to non-website activities across your account. However, if you are not logged in or don’t have an account and use a GPC, we will opt you out of sharing activity on our sites, but may need more information from you to identify you and apply your choice to non-website sharing activities. Your Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information You have the right to ask us to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information if we use that information for purposes beyond what is needed to provide the products and services you request or for other reasons specified in the law. We use or disclose sensitive personal information only for purposes allowable in the law or with your consent so we do not offer you an option to limit the use of sensitive personal information. The purposes for which we might use sensitive personal information include: detecting security incidents; resisting malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal actions; ensuring the physical safety of a person; short-term, transient uses; performing services such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, fulfilling orders and transactions; verifying your information; and verifying, maintaining or enhancing a service on a device that is owned manufactured or controlled by us or on your device. We may also share your information with service providers providing storage or similar services on our behalf. Your Right to Not Be Discriminated Against We do not discriminate against you if you exercise any rights described in this section. We will not deny goods or services, charge different prices or rates for goods or services, or provide you a different level or quality of goods and services. You also have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you. Where to Exercise Your Rights You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale or sharing of personal information by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer of the Visible Merch website. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. Our selling and sharing activity for Visible Offers is limited to activity on the Visible Offers website. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of selling and sharing of your activity by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honors browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. You can authorize an agent to exercise your California privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We require you to verify your identity using the processes we describe in the portal or the privacy choices page before we fulfill your request. Depending on the type of request you make, you may be required to log into an existing account and prove access to your mobile phone or to the email address on file with us. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. Reporting The table below reports the number of verified requests to know received from consumers and other individuals in 2022. Because all personal information collected from users is required to provide service, consumers and other individuals do not have the option to delete personal information. Visible also received 79 unverified requests to know and 101 unverified requests to delete via email in 2022. Request to Delete Requests to Know Total Requests N/A 6008 Complied With N/A 5997 Denied N/A 11 Average Response Time (Days) N/A 5 As described above, Visible allows third-party advertising companies to collect information about activity from website visitors and in our apps, for example through cookies and similar technologies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons and social network plugins. These ad entities use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements and for other advertising purposes. During 2022, consumers could learn about this activity and how to opt out on Visible’s “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” webpage. This webpage became Visible’s Your Privacy Choices webpage in December 2022. Between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, there were approximately 65,518 unique visitors to the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” or “Your Privacy Choices” webpage, however, because the opt out tools available during that time are managed directly by consumers on their devices, we do not have metrics for the number of consumers who opted out. If you have questions about your rights under California law, email us at privacy@visible.com . Other California Privacy Rights California customers may request, once per year, that we disclose the identity of any third parties with whom we have shared personal information for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes within the previous calendar year, along with the type of personal information disclosed. California residents under age 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications may request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. Your request should include a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. Colorado Privacy Rights The Colorado Privacy Act gives specific rights to Colorado residents. These rights include the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it; to access and delete certain information; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; and to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used for targeted advertising to you, or used to build a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you. Your Right to Know We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information for the following purposes: Contact and device information (including name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information, other similar identifiers). Commercial information such as products and services you purchase or consider and financial information. Internet or electronic network activity (including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding our interactions with our websites, applications and advertisements. We use this information to provide our products and services, operate our businesses, communicate with you and provide customer service; personalize your experiences; improve our services; provide marketing and advertising; create business insights; debug problems, audit our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. Geolocation data from our apps when you permit it. We use this information for the purpose for which you allow us when you provide consent. Demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from third parties. Inferences drawn from information reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions and behaviors. We use this information to help us better understand our customers and our markets, personalize your experiences, provide marketing and advertising, test for bias and create business insights. Secure Account Information including account log-in, social security number, driver’s license, state identification card, passport number, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account. We use this to provide you with access to your account, accept payment for products and services you purchase, security and fraud prevention and legal compliance purposes. Audio, electronic, visual or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment. We use this information to troubleshoot service, to improve our service and for quality assurance, help us better understand our customers and our markets, personalize your experiences, security and fraud prevention, provide marketing and advertising, test for bias and create business insights. Other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. For example, we may collect your insurance policy number to process damage claims. Some of the information that we collect is sensitive data under Colorado law which is also referred to as sensitive personal information in this policy. Sensitive data is defined as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation, or citizenship or citizenship status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; and personal data collected from a known child. Third parties we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes. We share information with service providers as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it for the specific purposes that we allow. These service providers may also be referred to as processors by Colorado law. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, credit, with your consent and as further described in the “Your Right to Opt out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section that follows. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. Your Right to Access or Correct Information You have the right to request access to specific pieces and categories of personal information we collected about you. You or your authorized agent can do this by accessing our Data and Privacy Portal or via the email address provided below. You can use this same contact information to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. Your Right to Delete You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under Colorado law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to comply with laws and cooperating with law enforcement in good faith; investigating, establishing, preparing or defending against legal claims; internal research to improve, repair, or develop products; identifying and repairing errors; internal operations; providing products and services you use; protecting vital interests and certain public interests; preventing fraud; and assisting another with compliance and then securely delete it. Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising Colorado consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. The term “sale” is defined to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration and “targeted advertising” means using information obtained or inferred over time from your activities across non-affiliated websites, applications or online services to determine or predict your interests and display target our advertising to you. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale” or “targeted advertising” under Colorado law are: using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. To opt out of the sale of personal information or targeted advertising, please visit Your Privacy Choices . Your Right to Opt Out of Profiling Colorado consumers have the right to opt out of having their information used for profiling to make decisions that produce legal, or similarly significant effect concerning a consumer. Colorado law defines profiling as using automated processing of personal data to evaluate, analyze or predict personal aspects of an individual’s economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movement. We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similar effects. Use of Sensitive Personal Information Colorado law prohibits us from using sensitive personal information without your consent, except for purposes specified in the law. We only use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes allowable in the law or with your consent. The purposes for which we might use sensitive personal information include: complying with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; cooperating with law enforcement; investigating, establishing, preparing or defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use, preventing and responding to security and other significant incidents; and taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction. Appeals Process If we deny your privacy rights request, you can appeal that decision. You may submit an appeal using a link in the notice informing you of the denial. You also may submit an appeal by emailing us at privacy@visible.com. Please use the subject line "APPEAL" and provide your name, contact information including phone number, a description of the decision you are appealing, and the reason for your appeal. If we deny your appeal, you may contact the Colorado Attorney General with any concerns. We do not discriminate against you We do not discriminate against you if you exercise any rights described in this section, by denying you goods or services, charging different prices or rates for goods or services or providing you a different level or quality of goods and services. Where to Exercise Your Rights You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale or sharing of personal information by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer of the Visible Merch website. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out.Our selling and sharing activity for Visible Offers is limited to activity on the Visible Offers website. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. We require you to verify your identity using the processes described in the portal before we fulfill your request. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Colorado privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. If you have questions about your rights under Colorado law, email us at privacy@visible.com . Connecticut Privacy Rights The Connecticut Data Privacy Act gives residents certain rights as it relates to personal information. These rights include the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it; to access and delete certain information; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used for targeted advertising to you, or used with artificial intelligence to create a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you. Your Right to Know We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your driver’s license or state identification card; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you.is capable of being associated with you. We use this information for business purposes including: providing you products and services; operating our business; communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance purposes. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers may use information for the same purposes, as necessary for them to perform work for us. Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also disclose information to third parties, such as partners and to law enforcement, among others, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. Your Right to Delete You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under Connecticut law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to comply with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use, performing a contract, preventing and responding to security and other significant incidents; and taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also allows for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction and then securely delete it. Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising Connecticut consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. Connecticut law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration. “Targeted advertising” means using personal data obtained or inferred from your activities over time and across nonaffiliated Internet web sites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests and display advertising to you. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale” or “targeted advertising” under Connecticut law are: using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. You can review additional details and opt out of the sale of personal information or targeted advertising by accessing Your Privacy Choices here or in the footer of our webpage. Your Right to Opt Out of Profiling Connecticut consumers have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal, or similarly significant effect concerning a consumer. Connecticut law defines profiling as automated processing performed on personal data to evaluate, analyze or predict personal aspects related to an identified or identifiable individual’s economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movement. We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similarly significant effects. Use of sensitive personal information We use sensitive personal information as authorized by the law or after we obtain your express consent. Connecticut law prohibits us from processing sensitive personal information without your consent except as specified in the law. Sensitive personal information includes: data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life, sexual orientation or citizenship or immigration status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal data collected from a known child; or precise geolocation data. We do not use, sell, share, or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose other than for reasons allowable under the law. We may use this information to comply with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by government authorities; defend against legal claims; provide and maintain the products and services you use, perform a contract; prevent and respond to security and other significant incidents; and to take immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also allows for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction. Appeals Process You can appeal a denial of your request to exercise any of the privacy rights provided by the Connecticut law. If we deny your request, you may submit an appeal using a link in the notice informing you of the denial. You also may submit an appeal by emailing us at privacy@visible.com. Please use the subject line "APPEAL" and provide your name, contact information including phone number, a description of the decision you are appealing, and the reason for your appeal. You may also contact the Connecticut Attorney General. We do not discriminate against you We do not discriminate against you if you exercise any rights described in this section, by denying you goods or services, charging different prices or rates for goods or services or providing you a different level or quality of goods and services. Where to Exercise Your Rights You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access, or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com . You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale of personal information or use of it for targeted advertising by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer of the Visible Merch website. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you are used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. We require you to verify your identity using the processes described in the portal before we fulfill your request. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Connecticut privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. Maine Broadband Customer Privacy Rights The Maine Broadband Internet Access Service Customer Privacy Act gives privacy rights to current and former subscribers of mass market broadband Internet access service in Maine, as well as applicants. The Maine law gives you the right to control certain ways that we use or share information we have about you and requires that we provide you with a notice of your rights and our obligations under this law. We do this in this section. The Maine law also requires us to take reasonable measures to protect customer personal information. We describe this in an earlier section of this privacy policy. We will not use, disclose, sell, or permit access to broadband customer personal information (personally identifying information about a customer or information from a customer’s use of broadband Internet access service) except with affirmative consent or for the following purposes allowed under the Maine law: to provide and maintain your broadband services; market and advertise our communications-related services to you; comply with lawful court orders; bill and collect; protect users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of or subscription to such services; or provide location information in response to certain emergency situations. The Maine law also provides you with a right to opt out of any use or sharing of data that is not customer personal information under the law. At this time, we do not collect information about you as a broadband customer that is not customer personal information. If we begin collecting such information in the future, we will give you the right to opt out of its use and sharing. We will not refuse to provide you with broadband service, charge you a penalty, or offer you a discount based on whether you agree that we can use or share your broadband customer personal information. Nevada Privacy Rights Nevada law allows consumers to opt out of the sale of personal information by online service providers such as website operators and data brokers. Nevada law defines “sale” as the exchange of certain personally identifiable information for money. Personally identifiable information includes name, address, phone number, Social Security number, or any identifier that can be used to contact a consumer electronically. Visible does not currently sell personal information as defined by Nevada law and has no plans to start. If Visible ever starts selling such personal information, current Visible customers will be opted out. If you have any questions, please contact us at privacy@visible.com . Virginia Privacy Rights The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act gives residents certain rights as it relates to personal information. These rights include the right to access and delete certain information we collect about you; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used for targeted advertising to you, or used to build a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you; and to appeal the denial of a request to exercise one of these privacy rights. Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. Some of the information that we collect is considered sensitive personal information under Virginia law. The law defines sensitive personal information as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal data collected from a known child; and precise geolocation data. We use this information for business and commercial purposes. Business and commercial purposes includes providing you products and services, operating our businesses, and engaging in economic activities such as communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes. We share information with service providers as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes we allow. These service providers may also be referred to as processors by Virginia law. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, with your consent and as further described in other sections of this policy. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. Your Right to Access and Correct Information You have the right to request access to specific pieces and categories of personal information we collected about you. You or your authorized agent can do this by accessing our Data and Privacy Portal or via the email address provided below. You can use this same contact information to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. Your Right to Delete You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under Virginia law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to comply with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use and preventing security incidents and then securely delete it. Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising Virginia consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. The term “sale” is defined to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary consideration and “targeted advertising” means using information from your activities over time and across non-affiliated websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests and target our advertising to you. We do not sell information as defined by the Virginia law. Our activities that fall under the definition of “targeted advertising” under the Virginia law are: using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. To opt out of targeted advertising, please visit Your Privacy Choices . Your Right to Opt Out of Profiling We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. Your Right to Appeal If we deny your privacy rights request, you have the right to appeal that decision. You may submit an appeal using a link in the notice informing you of the denial. You also may submit an appeal by emailing us at privacy@visible.com . Please use the subject line "APPEAL" and provide your name, contact information including phone number, a description of the decision you are appealing, and the reason for your appeal. Where to Exercise Your Rights You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com . If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer on the Visible Merch website. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale of personal information or use of it for targeted advertising by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you are used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. We require you to verify your identity using the processes described in the portal before we fulfill your request. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Virginia privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. Changes to the Privacy Policy We may make changes to this privacy policy, so please check back periodically. You will be able to see that we made changes by checking the effective date above. If we decide to use or disclose information that identifies you personally in a way that is materially different from what we stated in our privacy policy at the time we collected that information from you, we will give you a choice about the new use or disclosure by appropriate means, which may include an opportunity to opt-out. Still Have Questions? If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please contact us at privacy@visible.com . Data and Privacy Portal Learn more about how to view and manage your data in the Your Account section of our Help page. Learn more about how to view and manage data collected by other Visible services can be found in the Visible Community Privacy Policy and the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy. Member Portal Former Member Agent Portal To appeal a privacy rights decision, you can email us at privacy@visible.com. Use the word "APPEAL" in your subject line and provide a description of the decision you are appealing, including a request ID if you have one. You may also use this email for any privacy rights requests you wish to submit. Main region ended Footer region started Follow Visible: Subscribe to stay in the loop. Submit Email address That is not a valid email format. Please try again. Apps iOS Android Plans Check out our plans Visible coverage map Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Services Bring your own device Switch to Visible Trade-in program Visible Protect Activate service Affirm financing Returns policy Shop Apple Apple Watch Google Motorola Samsung Merch Store Company About Us Reviews Community Visible Impacts Sitemap Terms & Conditions Terms of Use Legal Disclosures About our Ads Supplemental Terms Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Your Privacy Choices Follow Visible: Subscribe to stay in the loop. Submit Email address That is not a valid email format. Please try again.. Apps iOS Android Plans Check out our plans Visible coverage map Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Apps iOS Android Plans Check out our plans Visible coverage map Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Services Bring your own device Switch to Visible Trade-in program Visible Protect Activate service Affirm financing Returns policy Shop Apple Apple Watch Google Motorola Samsung Merch Store Company About Us Reviews Community Visible Impacts Sitemap Terms & Conditions Terms of Use Legal Disclosures About our Ads Supplemental Terms Privacy Policy California Privacy Notice Your Privacy Choices © 2023 Visible. All rights reserved. 10000 Park Meadows Drive Suite 200, Lone Tree, CO 80124 10000 Park Meadows Drive Suite 200, Lone Tree, CO 80124 © 2023 Visible. All rights reserved. © 2023 Visible. All rights reserved. 10000 Park Meadows Drive Suite 200, Lone Tree, CO 80124 Footer region ended Skip to main content navigation region started Shop Shop Shop all phones Shop all wearables Bring your Apple Watch Bring your own phone Sign up with eSIM Affirm financing Visible Protect Plans Plans Check out our plans See our coverage Can I keep my phone number? Save when you Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Deals Deals See our deals Holiday must-haves Upgrade program Trade-in program Visible Payback About Us About Us Learn more about Visible Reviews Visible Impacts Blog Help Help Help Center Community About Visible Getting Started Setup & Activation Your Account Sign in Account Sign Out Shop Shop Shop all phones Shop all wearables Bring your Apple Watch Bring your own phone Sign up with eSIM Affirm financing Visible Protect Plans Plans Check out our plans See our coverage Can I keep my phone number? Save when you Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Deals Deals See our deals Holiday must-haves Upgrade program Trade-in program Visible Payback About Us About Us Learn more about Visible Reviews Visible Impacts Blog Help Help Help Center Community About Visible Getting Started Setup & Activation Your Account Articles: Help: Account Sign Out Main region started Skip to main content navigation region started Shop Shop Shop all phones Shop all wearables Bring your Apple Watch Bring your own phone Sign up with eSIM Affirm financing Visible Protect Plans Plans Check out our plans See our coverage Can I keep my phone number? Save when you Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Deals Deals See our deals Holiday must-haves Upgrade program Trade-in program Visible Payback About Us About Us Learn more about Visible Reviews Visible Impacts Blog Help Help Help Center Community About Visible Getting Started Setup & Activation Your Account Sign in Account Sign Out  Sign in Account Sign Out Account Sign Out Shop Shop Shop all phones Shop all wearables Bring your Apple Watch Bring your own phone Sign up with eSIM Affirm financing Visible Protect Plans Plans Check out our plans See our coverage Can I keep my phone number? Save when you Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Deals Deals See our deals Holiday must-haves Upgrade program Trade-in program Visible Payback About Us About Us Learn more about Visible Reviews Visible Impacts Blog Help Help Help Center Community About Visible Getting Started Setup & Activation Your Account Articles: Help: Account Sign Out Shop Shop Shop all phones Shop all wearables Bring your Apple Watch Bring your own phone Sign up with eSIM Affirm financing Visible Protect Plans Plans Check out our plans See our coverage Can I keep my phone number? Save when you Bring a Friend Try Visible for free Deals Deals See our deals Holiday must-haves Upgrade program Trade-in program Visible Payback About Us About Us Learn more about Visible Reviews Visible Impacts Blog Help Help Help Center Community About Visible Getting Started Setup & Activation Your Account Articles: Help: Account Sign Out Articles: Help: Main region started Privacy Policy Effective Date: June 2023 Visible values your business and is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies and practices for the collection, use and sharing of your information. Visible is a member of the Verizon family of companies. California Privacy Rights Colorado Privacy Rights Connecticut Privacy Rights Maine Broadband Consumer Privacy Rights Nevada Privacy Rights Virginia Privacy Rights Collection of Information We, and service providers acting on our behalf, collect information when you visit our websites, use our apps, contact us, and when you subscribe to and use our wireless service. We collect information you provide directly to us. This includes personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, postal address, a username and password, payment information, and communications you send to us. We collect information when you use our service. This includes information about the calls you make and receive, text messages you send and receive, when you visit our websites or use our app, and wireless network and device information, including location, Internet protocol (IP) address and connection speed, mobile telephone number, device and advertising identifiers, browser type, and operating system. Some Visible devices include Verizon-provided system applications that collect information about network and device conditions, which is used to secure and improve our network and services. We also collect information when you visit our sites and use our apps, including through cookies and similar technology. This includes your IP address, mobile number, device and advertising identifiers; browser and platform type, operating system, connection speed and other attributes; pages that you visit before and after visiting our sites; the date and time of your visit; information about the links you click and pages you view within the sites and screen records. We, and service providers acting on our behalf, collect information about your use of our sites or apps using cookies, pixels, web beacons, scripts, and other similar technologies. We use this information to analyze visitor activity on our site, to understand website traffic patterns and engagement, administer our sites, measure advertising effectiveness, to gather demographic information about our customer base as a whole, and for other business purposes. We also allow advertising companies to collect information about your activity on our websites and in our app, for example through cookies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons, application programming interfaces (APIs) and social network plugins, to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on our website and on others’ sites and apps. These ads may be tailored for you based on your activity on Visible sites and combined with your activities on other websites and in apps where these advertising companies are present. These advertising companies may also use information they collect for others’ advertising purposes. The use of information collected about your visits over time and across different websites, apps and devices is known as cross-context behavioral or interest-based advertising. Visible websites may also include social network or other third-party plug-ins, widgets, or other similar technology that may provide information to associated social networks or third parties even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-ins and widgets. We collect info when you contact us. When you contact us or we contact you, we may monitor or record that communication for quality assurance, training and security purposes. We collect information about you from others. We may obtain information about you from other sources, including from companies that collect consumer information such as demographic and interest data. In addition, if you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, from our sites or apps, to log into our sites or apps, or to share information about your experience, we may collect information from these third-party services. Use of Information We use the information we collect to deliver service, to market to you, and for other business purposes, including to: Fulfill your requests for products, services, information and customer support; Determine products and services that may interest you and market them to you, including on Visible sites and apps and on others’ sites, services, apps and devices as described in Section V below; Analyze the use of the sites, apps, and service for our purposes, such as product and service enhancements; Research and develop new products and services; Authenticate you; Customize the content you see when you use our sites and apps; Secure and improve our network and services; Detect and prevent potentially prohibited, fraudulent or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with our Terms of Use; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or with your consent. Disclosure of Information We share information with service providers who do work on our behalf and for other business purposes. Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also share certain information about you with affiliates for marketing and as described below. Select partners. We share your information with partners that help us with a variety of things, including development and delivery of our sites, apps and service. This includes services provided by others to help us with analytics, including Google Analytics, which may include storing and accessing cookies and other information on your computer or wireless device. Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. Legal purposes. We may disclose information (1) to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries and in emergencies such as those involving the danger of death or serious injury to any person; (2) to advance, protect or defend the rights, interests, property, safety, and security of Visible, our affiliates, users, or the public; (3) to identify, protect against, and address unauthorized or unlawful use of our sites, apps or service, or our network; and (4) to outside auditors and regulators. Aggregated and De-identified Information. We may aggregate or otherwise de-identify information and use it for our own purposes or share it with third parties for their own purposes. With your consent. We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent. If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, through our sites or apps, to log in or to share information about your Visible experience, or if you contact us through these services, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the site or app, in accordance with their own privacy policies. Information Security and Retention We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Our policies require that we retain records for as long they are needed to provide you service or for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them. Your Choices You have choices about certain ways we use and share information about you. Marketing. You have choices about receiving marketing from Visible. If you would like to be removed from Visible’s email marketing list, you can opt out using the unsubscribe instructions, usually found at the bottom of the emails. Website information used for interest based advertising. You have the choice to stop the information collected from your activity on Visible sites to be used to customize advertisements you see on the internet. We do not currently respond to Do Not Track signals in your web browser setting. However, we do honor Global Privacy Control signals. Please visit Your Privacy Choices for more information about how your information may be sold, shared or used for certain targeted advertising and how you can opt out. If you opt out, you may still see Visible advertisements, but they may not be as relevant to you. International Users Our sites, apps and service are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representation that our apps, sites or services are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of any other nation. By using our apps, sites or service and providing us with information, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction and, to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States, that you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. State Privacy Rights California Privacy Rights California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, gives you specific rights as a California resident. The law provides you with the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it; to access, delete, and correct that information within certain limitations; to tell us not to sell or share personal information about you; to limit the use of certain sensitive personal information; and to not be discriminated against for invoking these rights. Your Right to Know We describe the personal information we collect, how we use it, in this privacy policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from our network and the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information, some of which may be considered sensitive personal information under California law: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your driver’s license or state identification card; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. Our policies require that we retain records for as long they are needed for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them. We incorporate personal information into different types of records; it is not always retained by distinct data elements. For example, your name could be part of your customer account record, transaction record, or call records. Each type of record may be retained for a different time period depending on its purpose. We have established criteria for how long to keep different types of records. We use this information for business and commercial purposes as they are defined by the CCPA. Business and commercial purposes includes providing services to you; communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance purposes. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers may use information for the same purposes, as necessary for them to perform work for us (including in the last twelve months). Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also disclose information to third parties, such as partners and to law enforcement, among others, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. We allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of these activities, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information” section below. Some of the information that we collect is Sensitive Personal Information under California Law. California law defines sensitive personal information as: information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number along with required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account precise geolocation racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership contents of your mail, email, and text messages unless we are the recipient of the communication genetic data using biometrics to uniquely identify you and collecting or analyzing personal information about your health, sex life or sexual orientation We do not use, sell, share, or disclose sensitive personal information, as defined by California law, for any purpose other than to provide the goods or services requested by you, with your consent, or for other purposes expressly authorized by California law, such as to detect security incidents. Your Right to Access or Correct Information You have the right to request access to specific pieces and categories of personal information we collected about you. You or your authorized agent can do this by accessing our Data and Privacy Portal or via the email address provided below. We will honor up to two consumer rights requests every twelve months as required by California law. You can use this same contact information to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. Your Right to Delete You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under California law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to provide the services that you have requested and other activities needed to maintain an ongoing business relationship or perform a contract with you, to maintain information security, to exercise legal rights, or to comply with other laws and then securely delete it. Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information California law gives you the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. The term “sale or sharing” is broadly defined to include sharing personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration and the sharing of your information for cross contextual advertising purposes. The definition does not cover all sharing of personal information. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale or sharing” under California law are: using third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to our websites and app using cookies and other web technologies to inform our and others’ cross contextual advertising; sharing customer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications; sharing customer information with third-parties to help find other potential customers using interest segments they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps. To opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information, please visit Your Privacy Choices . We also recognize that you are exercising your choice to opt out if you engage a browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) when visiting our sites. If you are a Visible member who is logged in to your account when using the GPC signal, we will apply your choice to activity on our website whenever you are logged in and to non-website activities across your account. However, if you are not logged in or don’t have an account and use a GPC, we will opt you out of sharing activity on our sites, but may need more information from you to identify you and apply your choice to non-website sharing activities. Your Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information You have the right to ask us to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information if we use that information for purposes beyond what is needed to provide the products and services you request or for other reasons specified in the law. We use or disclose sensitive personal information only for purposes allowable in the law or with your consent so we do not offer you an option to limit the use of sensitive personal information. The purposes for which we might use sensitive personal information include: detecting security incidents; resisting malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal actions; ensuring the physical safety of a person; short-term, transient uses; performing services such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, fulfilling orders and transactions; verifying your information; and verifying, maintaining or enhancing a service on a device that is owned manufactured or controlled by us or on your device. We may also share your information with service providers providing storage or similar services on our behalf. Your Right to Not Be Discriminated Against We do not discriminate against you if you exercise any rights described in this section. We will not deny goods or services, charge different prices or rates for goods or services, or provide you a different level or quality of goods and services. You also have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you. Where to Exercise Your Rights You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale or sharing of personal information by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer of the Visible Merch website. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. Our selling and sharing activity for Visible Offers is limited to activity on the Visible Offers website. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of selling and sharing of your activity by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honors browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. You can authorize an agent to exercise your California privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We require you to verify your identity using the processes we describe in the portal or the privacy choices page before we fulfill your request. Depending on the type of request you make, you may be required to log into an existing account and prove access to your mobile phone or to the email address on file with us. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. Reporting The table below reports the number of verified requests to know received from consumers and other individuals in 2022. Because all personal information collected from users is required to provide service, consumers and other individuals do not have the option to delete personal information. Visible also received 79 unverified requests to know and 101 unverified requests to delete via email in 2022. Request to Delete Requests to Know Total Requests N/A 6008 Complied With N/A 5997 Denied N/A 11 Average Response Time (Days) N/A 5 As described above, Visible allows third-party advertising companies to collect information about activity from website visitors and in our apps, for example through cookies and similar technologies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons and social network plugins. These ad entities use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements and for other advertising purposes. During 2022, consumers could learn about this activity and how to opt out on Visible’s “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” webpage. This webpage became Visible’s Your Privacy Choices webpage in December 2022. Between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, there were approximately 65,518 unique visitors to the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” or “Your Privacy Choices” webpage, however, because the opt out tools available during that time are managed directly by consumers on their devices, we do not have metrics for the number of consumers who opted out. If you have questions about your rights under California law, email us at privacy@visible.com . Other California Privacy Rights California customers may request, once per year, that we disclose the identity of any third parties with whom we have shared personal information for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes within the previous calendar year, along with the type of personal information disclosed. California residents under age 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications may request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. Your request should include a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. Colorado Privacy Rights The Colorado Privacy Act gives specific rights to Colorado residents. These rights include the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it; to access and delete certain information; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; and to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used for targeted advertising to you, or used to build a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you. Your Right to Know We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information for the following purposes: Contact and device information (including name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information, other similar identifiers). Commercial information such as products and services you purchase or consider and financial information. Internet or electronic network activity (including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding our interactions with our websites, applications and advertisements. We use this information to provide our products and services, operate our businesses, communicate with you and provide customer service; personalize your experiences; improve our services; provide marketing and advertising; create business insights; debug problems, audit our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. Geolocation data from our apps when you permit it. We use this information for the purpose for which you allow us when you provide consent. Demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from third parties. Inferences drawn from information reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions and behaviors. We use this information to help us better understand our customers and our markets, personalize your experiences, provide marketing and advertising, test for bias and create business insights. Secure Account Information including account log-in, social security number, driver’s license, state identification card, passport number, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account. We use this to provide you with access to your account, accept payment for products and services you purchase, security and fraud prevention and legal compliance purposes. Audio, electronic, visual or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment. We use this information to troubleshoot service, to improve our service and for quality assurance, help us better understand our customers and our markets, personalize your experiences, security and fraud prevention, provide marketing and advertising, test for bias and create business insights. Other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. For example, we may collect your insurance policy number to process damage claims. Some of the information that we collect is sensitive data under Colorado law which is also referred to as sensitive personal information in this policy. Sensitive data is defined as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation, or citizenship or citizenship status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; and personal data collected from a known child. Third parties we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes. We share information with service providers as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it for the specific purposes that we allow. These service providers may also be referred to as processors by Colorado law. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, credit, with your consent and as further described in the “Your Right to Opt out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section that follows. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. Your Right to Access or Correct Information You have the right to request access to specific pieces and categories of personal information we collected about you. You or your authorized agent can do this by accessing our Data and Privacy Portal or via the email address provided below. You can use this same contact information to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. Your Right to Delete You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under Colorado law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to comply with laws and cooperating with law enforcement in good faith; investigating, establishing, preparing or defending against legal claims; internal research to improve, repair, or develop products; identifying and repairing errors; internal operations; providing products and services you use; protecting vital interests and certain public interests; preventing fraud; and assisting another with compliance and then securely delete it. Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising Colorado consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. The term “sale” is defined to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration and “targeted advertising” means using information obtained or inferred over time from your activities across non-affiliated websites, applications or online services to determine or predict your interests and display target our advertising to you. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale” or “targeted advertising” under Colorado law are: using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. To opt out of the sale of personal information or targeted advertising, please visit Your Privacy Choices . Your Right to Opt Out of Profiling Colorado consumers have the right to opt out of having their information used for profiling to make decisions that produce legal, or similarly significant effect concerning a consumer. Colorado law defines profiling as using automated processing of personal data to evaluate, analyze or predict personal aspects of an individual’s economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movement. We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similar effects. Use of Sensitive Personal Information Colorado law prohibits us from using sensitive personal information without your consent, except for purposes specified in the law. We only use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes allowable in the law or with your consent. The purposes for which we might use sensitive personal information include: complying with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; cooperating with law enforcement; investigating, establishing, preparing or defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use, preventing and responding to security and other significant incidents; and taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction. Appeals Process If we deny your privacy rights request, you can appeal that decision. You may submit an appeal using a link in the notice informing you of the denial. You also may submit an appeal by emailing us at privacy@visible.com. Please use the subject line "APPEAL" and provide your name, contact information including phone number, a description of the decision you are appealing, and the reason for your appeal. If we deny your appeal, you may contact the Colorado Attorney General with any concerns. We do not discriminate against you We do not discriminate against you if you exercise any rights described in this section, by denying you goods or services, charging different prices or rates for goods or services or providing you a different level or quality of goods and services. Where to Exercise Your Rights You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale or sharing of personal information by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer of the Visible Merch website. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out.Our selling and sharing activity for Visible Offers is limited to activity on the Visible Offers website. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. We require you to verify your identity using the processes described in the portal before we fulfill your request. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Colorado privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. If you have questions about your rights under Colorado law, email us at privacy@visible.com . Connecticut Privacy Rights The Connecticut Data Privacy Act gives residents certain rights as it relates to personal information. These rights include the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it; to access and delete certain information; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used for targeted advertising to you, or used with artificial intelligence to create a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you. Your Right to Know We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your driver’s license or state identification card; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you.is capable of being associated with you. We use this information for business purposes including: providing you products and services; operating our business; communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance purposes. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers may use information for the same purposes, as necessary for them to perform work for us. Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also disclose information to third parties, such as partners and to law enforcement, among others, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. Your Right to Delete You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under Connecticut law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to comply with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use, performing a contract, preventing and responding to security and other significant incidents; and taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also allows for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction and then securely delete it. Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising Connecticut consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. Connecticut law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration. “Targeted advertising” means using personal data obtained or inferred from your activities over time and across nonaffiliated Internet web sites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests and display advertising to you. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale” or “targeted advertising” under Connecticut law are: using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. You can review additional details and opt out of the sale of personal information or targeted advertising by accessing Your Privacy Choices here or in the footer of our webpage. Your Right to Opt Out of Profiling Connecticut consumers have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal, or similarly significant effect concerning a consumer. Connecticut law defines profiling as automated processing performed on personal data to evaluate, analyze or predict personal aspects related to an identified or identifiable individual’s economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movement. We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similarly significant effects. Use of sensitive personal information We use sensitive personal information as authorized by the law or after we obtain your express consent. Connecticut law prohibits us from processing sensitive personal information without your consent except as specified in the law. Sensitive personal information includes: data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life, sexual orientation or citizenship or immigration status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal data collected from a known child; or precise geolocation data. We do not use, sell, share, or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose other than for reasons allowable under the law. We may use this information to comply with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by government authorities; defend against legal claims; provide and maintain the products and services you use, perform a contract; prevent and respond to security and other significant incidents; and to take immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also allows for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction. Appeals Process You can appeal a denial of your request to exercise any of the privacy rights provided by the Connecticut law. If we deny your request, you may submit an appeal using a link in the notice informing you of the denial. You also may submit an appeal by emailing us at privacy@visible.com. Please use the subject line "APPEAL" and provide your name, contact information including phone number, a description of the decision you are appealing, and the reason for your appeal. You may also contact the Connecticut Attorney General. We do not discriminate against you We do not discriminate against you if you exercise any rights described in this section, by denying you goods or services, charging different prices or rates for goods or services or providing you a different level or quality of goods and services. Where to Exercise Your Rights You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access, or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com . You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale of personal information or use of it for targeted advertising by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer of the Visible Merch website. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you are used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. We require you to verify your identity using the processes described in the portal before we fulfill your request. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Connecticut privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. Maine Broadband Customer Privacy Rights The Maine Broadband Internet Access Service Customer Privacy Act gives privacy rights to current and former subscribers of mass market broadband Internet access service in Maine, as well as applicants. The Maine law gives you the right to control certain ways that we use or share information we have about you and requires that we provide you with a notice of your rights and our obligations under this law. We do this in this section. The Maine law also requires us to take reasonable measures to protect customer personal information. We describe this in an earlier section of this privacy policy. We will not use, disclose, sell, or permit access to broadband customer personal information (personally identifying information about a customer or information from a customer’s use of broadband Internet access service) except with affirmative consent or for the following purposes allowed under the Maine law: to provide and maintain your broadband services; market and advertise our communications-related services to you; comply with lawful court orders; bill and collect; protect users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of or subscription to such services; or provide location information in response to certain emergency situations. The Maine law also provides you with a right to opt out of any use or sharing of data that is not customer personal information under the law. At this time, we do not collect information about you as a broadband customer that is not customer personal information. If we begin collecting such information in the future, we will give you the right to opt out of its use and sharing. We will not refuse to provide you with broadband service, charge you a penalty, or offer you a discount based on whether you agree that we can use or share your broadband customer personal information. Nevada Privacy Rights Nevada law allows consumers to opt out of the sale of personal information by online service providers such as website operators and data brokers. Nevada law defines “sale” as the exchange of certain personally identifiable information for money. Personally identifiable information includes name, address, phone number, Social Security number, or any identifier that can be used to contact a consumer electronically. Visible does not currently sell personal information as defined by Nevada law and has no plans to start. If Visible ever starts selling such personal information, current Visible customers will be opted out. If you have any questions, please contact us at privacy@visible.com . Virginia Privacy Rights The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act gives residents certain rights as it relates to personal information. These rights include the right to access and delete certain information we collect about you; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used for targeted advertising to you, or used to build a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you; and to appeal the denial of a request to exercise one of these privacy rights. Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. Some of the information that we collect is considered sensitive personal information under Virginia law. The law defines sensitive personal information as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal data collected from a known child; and precise geolocation data. We use this information for business and commercial purposes. Business and commercial purposes includes providing you products and services, operating our businesses, and engaging in economic activities such as communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes. We share information with service providers as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes we allow. These service providers may also be referred to as processors by Virginia law. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, with your consent and as further described in other sections of this policy. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. Your Right to Access and Correct Information You have the right to request access to specific pieces and categories of personal information we collected about you. You or your authorized agent can do this by accessing our Data and Privacy Portal or via the email address provided below. You can use this same contact information to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. Your Right to Delete You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under Virginia law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to comply with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use and preventing security incidents and then securely delete it. Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising Virginia consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. The term “sale” is defined to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary consideration and “targeted advertising” means using information from your activities over time and across non-affiliated websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests and target our advertising to you. We do not sell information as defined by the Virginia law. Our activities that fall under the definition of “targeted advertising” under the Virginia law are: using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. To opt out of targeted advertising, please visit Your Privacy Choices . Your Right to Opt Out of Profiling We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. Your Right to Appeal If we deny your privacy rights request, you have the right to appeal that decision. You may submit an appeal using a link in the notice informing you of the denial. You also may submit an appeal by emailing us at privacy@visible.com . Please use the subject line "APPEAL" and provide your name, contact information including phone number, a description of the decision you are appealing, and the reason for your appeal. Where to Exercise Your Rights You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com . If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer on the Visible Merch website. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale of personal information or use of it for targeted advertising by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you are used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. We require you to verify your identity using the processes described in the portal before we fulfill your request. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Virginia privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. Changes to the Privacy Policy We may make changes to this privacy policy, so please check back periodically. You will be able to see that we made changes by checking the effective date above. If we decide to use or disclose information that identifies you personally in a way that is materially different from what we stated in our privacy policy at the time we collected that information from you, we will give you a choice about the new use or disclosure by appropriate means, which may include an opportunity to opt-out. Still Have Questions? If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please contact us at privacy@visible.com . Data and Privacy Portal Learn more about how to view and manage your data in the Your Account section of our Help page. Learn more about how to view and manage data collected by other Visible services can be found in the Visible Community Privacy Policy and the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy. Member Portal Former Member Agent Portal To appeal a privacy rights decision, you can email us at privacy@visible.com. Use the word "APPEAL" in your subject line and provide a description of the decision you are appealing, including a request ID if you have one. You may also use this email for any privacy rights requests you wish to submit. Privacy Policy Effective Date: June 2023 Visible values your business and is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies and practices for the collection, use and sharing of your information. Visible is a member of the Verizon family of companies. California Privacy Rights Colorado Privacy Rights Connecticut Privacy Rights Maine Broadband Consumer Privacy Rights Nevada Privacy Rights Virginia Privacy Rights California Privacy Rights Colorado Privacy Rights Connecticut Privacy Rights Maine Broadband Consumer Privacy Rights Nevada Privacy Rights Virginia Privacy Rights Collection of Information We, and service providers acting on our behalf, collect information when you visit our websites, use our apps, contact us, and when you subscribe to and use our wireless service. We collect information you provide directly to us. This includes personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, postal address, a username and password, payment information, and communications you send to us. We collect information when you use our service. This includes information about the calls you make and receive, text messages you send and receive, when you visit our websites or use our app, and wireless network and device information, including location, Internet protocol (IP) address and connection speed, mobile telephone number, device and advertising identifiers, browser type, and operating system. Some Visible devices include Verizon-provided system applications that collect information about network and device conditions, which is used to secure and improve our network and services. We also collect information when you visit our sites and use our apps, including through cookies and similar technology. This includes your IP address, mobile number, device and advertising identifiers; browser and platform type, operating system, connection speed and other attributes; pages that you visit before and after visiting our sites; the date and time of your visit; information about the links you click and pages you view within the sites and screen records. We, and service providers acting on our behalf, collect information about your use of our sites or apps using cookies, pixels, web beacons, scripts, and other similar technologies. We use this information to analyze visitor activity on our site, to understand website traffic patterns and engagement, administer our sites, measure advertising effectiveness, to gather demographic information about our customer base as a whole, and for other business purposes. We also allow advertising companies to collect information about your activity on our websites and in our app, for example through cookies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons, application programming interfaces (APIs) and social network plugins, to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on our website and on others’ sites and apps. These ads may be tailored for you based on your activity on Visible sites and combined with your activities on other websites and in apps where these advertising companies are present. These advertising companies may also use information they collect for others’ advertising purposes. The use of information collected about your visits over time and across different websites, apps and devices is known as cross-context behavioral or interest-based advertising. Visible websites may also include social network or other third-party plug-ins, widgets, or other similar technology that may provide information to associated social networks or third parties even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-ins and widgets. We collect info when you contact us. When you contact us or we contact you, we may monitor or record that communication for quality assurance, training and security purposes. We collect information about you from others. We may obtain information about you from other sources, including from companies that collect consumer information such as demographic and interest data. In addition, if you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, from our sites or apps, to log into our sites or apps, or to share information about your experience, we may collect information from these third-party services. We, and service providers acting on our behalf, collect information when you visit our websites, use our apps, contact us, and when you subscribe to and use our wireless service. We collect information you provide directly to us. This includes personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, postal address, a username and password, payment information, and communications you send to us. We collect information you provide directly to us. We collect information when you use our service. This includes information about the calls you make and receive, text messages you send and receive, when you visit our websites or use our app, and wireless network and device information, including location, Internet protocol (IP) address and connection speed, mobile telephone number, device and advertising identifiers, browser type, and operating system. Some Visible devices include Verizon-provided system applications that collect information about network and device conditions, which is used to secure and improve our network and services. We collect information when you use our service. We also collect information when you visit our sites and use our apps, including through cookies and similar technology. This includes your IP address, mobile number, device and advertising identifiers; browser and platform type, operating system, connection speed and other attributes; pages that you visit before and after visiting our sites; the date and time of your visit; information about the links you click and pages you view within the sites and screen records. We also collect information when you visit our sites and use our apps, including through cookies and similar technology. We, and service providers acting on our behalf, collect information about your use of our sites or apps using cookies, pixels, web beacons, scripts, and other similar technologies. We use this information to analyze visitor activity on our site, to understand website traffic patterns and engagement, administer our sites, measure advertising effectiveness, to gather demographic information about our customer base as a whole, and for other business purposes. We also allow advertising companies to collect information about your activity on our websites and in our app, for example through cookies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons, application programming interfaces (APIs) and social network plugins, to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on our website and on others’ sites and apps. These ads may be tailored for you based on your activity on Visible sites and combined with your activities on other websites and in apps where these advertising companies are present. These advertising companies may also use information they collect for others’ advertising purposes. The use of information collected about your visits over time and across different websites, apps and devices is known as cross-context behavioral or interest-based advertising. Visible websites may also include social network or other third-party plug-ins, widgets, or other similar technology that may provide information to associated social networks or third parties even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-ins and widgets. We collect info when you contact us. When you contact us or we contact you, we may monitor or record that communication for quality assurance, training and security purposes. We collect info when you contact us. We collect information about you from others. We may obtain information about you from other sources, including from companies that collect consumer information such as demographic and interest data. In addition, if you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, from our sites or apps, to log into our sites or apps, or to share information about your experience, we may collect information from these third-party services. We collect information about you from others. Use of Information We use the information we collect to deliver service, to market to you, and for other business purposes, including to: Fulfill your requests for products, services, information and customer support; Determine products and services that may interest you and market them to you, including on Visible sites and apps and on others’ sites, services, apps and devices as described in Section V below; Analyze the use of the sites, apps, and service for our purposes, such as product and service enhancements; Research and develop new products and services; Authenticate you; Customize the content you see when you use our sites and apps; Secure and improve our network and services; Detect and prevent potentially prohibited, fraudulent or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with our Terms of Use; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or with your consent. We use the information we collect to deliver service, to market to you, and for other business purposes, including to: Fulfill your requests for products, services, information and customer support; Determine products and services that may interest you and market them to you, including on Visible sites and apps and on others’ sites, services, apps and devices as described in Section V below; Analyze the use of the sites, apps, and service for our purposes, such as product and service enhancements; Research and develop new products and services; Authenticate you; Customize the content you see when you use our sites and apps; Secure and improve our network and services; Detect and prevent potentially prohibited, fraudulent or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with our Terms of Use; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or with your consent. Fulfill your requests for products, services, information and customer support; Determine products and services that may interest you and market them to you, including on Visible sites and apps and on others’ sites, services, apps and devices as described in Section V below; Analyze the use of the sites, apps, and service for our purposes, such as product and service enhancements; Research and develop new products and services; Authenticate you; Customize the content you see when you use our sites and apps; Secure and improve our network and services; Detect and prevent potentially prohibited, fraudulent or illegal activities and otherwise in accordance with our Terms of Use; and For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or with your consent. Disclosure of Information We share information with service providers who do work on our behalf and for other business purposes. Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also share certain information about you with affiliates for marketing and as described below. Select partners. We share your information with partners that help us with a variety of things, including development and delivery of our sites, apps and service. This includes services provided by others to help us with analytics, including Google Analytics, which may include storing and accessing cookies and other information on your computer or wireless device. Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. Legal purposes. We may disclose information (1) to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries and in emergencies such as those involving the danger of death or serious injury to any person; (2) to advance, protect or defend the rights, interests, property, safety, and security of Visible, our affiliates, users, or the public; (3) to identify, protect against, and address unauthorized or unlawful use of our sites, apps or service, or our network; and (4) to outside auditors and regulators. Aggregated and De-identified Information. We may aggregate or otherwise de-identify information and use it for our own purposes or share it with third parties for their own purposes. With your consent. We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent. If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, through our sites or apps, to log in or to share information about your Visible experience, or if you contact us through these services, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the site or app, in accordance with their own privacy policies. We share information with service providers who do work on our behalf and for other business purposes. Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also share certain information about you with affiliates for marketing and as described below. Select partners. We share your information with partners that help us with a variety of things, including development and delivery of our sites, apps and service. This includes services provided by others to help us with analytics, including Google Analytics, which may include storing and accessing cookies and other information on your computer or wireless device. Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. Legal purposes. We may disclose information (1) to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries and in emergencies such as those involving the danger of death or serious injury to any person; (2) to advance, protect or defend the rights, interests, property, safety, and security of Visible, our affiliates, users, or the public; (3) to identify, protect against, and address unauthorized or unlawful use of our sites, apps or service, or our network; and (4) to outside auditors and regulators. Aggregated and De-identified Information. We may aggregate or otherwise de-identify information and use it for our own purposes or share it with third parties for their own purposes. With your consent. We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent. Select partners. We share your information with partners that help us with a variety of things, including development and delivery of our sites, apps and service. This includes services provided by others to help us with analytics, including Google Analytics, which may include storing and accessing cookies and other information on your computer or wireless device. Select partners. Business transfers. We may share your information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. Business transfers. Legal purposes. We may disclose information (1) to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims or government inquiries and in emergencies such as those involving the danger of death or serious injury to any person; (2) to advance, protect or defend the rights, interests, property, safety, and security of Visible, our affiliates, users, or the public; (3) to identify, protect against, and address unauthorized or unlawful use of our sites, apps or service, or our network; and (4) to outside auditors and regulators. Legal purposes. Aggregated and De-identified Information. We may aggregate or otherwise de-identify information and use it for our own purposes or share it with third parties for their own purposes. Aggregated and De-identified Information. With your consent. We may share information for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect the information or pursuant to your consent. With your consent. If you access third-party services, such as Facebook, Google, or Twitter, through our sites or apps, to log in or to share information about your Visible experience, or if you contact us through these services, these third-party services may be able to collect information about you and they may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the site or app, in accordance with their own privacy policies. Information Security and Retention We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Our policies require that we retain records for as long they are needed to provide you service or for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them. We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Our policies require that we retain records for as long they are needed to provide you service or for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them. Your Choices You have choices about certain ways we use and share information about you. Marketing. You have choices about receiving marketing from Visible. If you would like to be removed from Visible’s email marketing list, you can opt out using the unsubscribe instructions, usually found at the bottom of the emails. Website information used for interest based advertising. You have the choice to stop the information collected from your activity on Visible sites to be used to customize advertisements you see on the internet. We do not currently respond to Do Not Track signals in your web browser setting. However, we do honor Global Privacy Control signals. Please visit Your Privacy Choices for more information about how your information may be sold, shared or used for certain targeted advertising and how you can opt out. If you opt out, you may still see Visible advertisements, but they may not be as relevant to you. You have choices about certain ways we use and share information about you. Marketing. You have choices about receiving marketing from Visible. If you would like to be removed from Visible’s email marketing list, you can opt out using the unsubscribe instructions, usually found at the bottom of the emails. Marketing. Website information used for interest based advertising. You have the choice to stop the information collected from your activity on Visible sites to be used to customize advertisements you see on the internet. We do not currently respond to Do Not Track signals in your web browser setting. However, we do honor Global Privacy Control signals. Please visit Your Privacy Choices for more information about how your information may be sold, shared or used for certain targeted advertising and how you can opt out. If you opt out, you may still see Visible advertisements, but they may not be as relevant to you. Website information used for interest based advertising. International Users Our sites, apps and service are designed for and targeted to U.S. audiences and are governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representation that our apps, sites or services are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of any other nation. By using our apps, sites or service and providing us with information, you understand and agree that your information may be transferred to and stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction and, to the extent you are a resident of a country other than the United States, that you consent to the transfer of such data to the United States for processing by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. State Privacy Rights California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, gives you specific rights as a California resident. The law provides you with the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it; to access, delete, and correct that information within certain limitations; to tell us not to sell or share personal information about you; to limit the use of certain sensitive personal information; and to not be discriminated against for invoking these rights. The California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, gives you specific rights as a California resident. The law provides you with the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it; to access, delete, and correct that information within certain limitations; to tell us not to sell or share personal information about you; to limit the use of certain sensitive personal information; and to not be discriminated against for invoking these rights. Your Right to Know We describe the personal information we collect, how we use it, in this privacy policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from our network and the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information, some of which may be considered sensitive personal information under California law: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your driver’s license or state identification card; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. Our policies require that we retain records for as long they are needed for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them. We incorporate personal information into different types of records; it is not always retained by distinct data elements. For example, your name could be part of your customer account record, transaction record, or call records. Each type of record may be retained for a different time period depending on its purpose. We have established criteria for how long to keep different types of records. We use this information for business and commercial purposes as they are defined by the CCPA. Business and commercial purposes includes providing services to you; communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance purposes. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers may use information for the same purposes, as necessary for them to perform work for us (including in the last twelve months). Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also disclose information to third parties, such as partners and to law enforcement, among others, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. We allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of these activities, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information” section below. Some of the information that we collect is Sensitive Personal Information under California Law. California law defines sensitive personal information as: information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number along with required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account precise geolocation racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership contents of your mail, email, and text messages unless we are the recipient of the communication genetic data using biometrics to uniquely identify you and collecting or analyzing personal information about your health, sex life or sexual orientation We do not use, sell, share, or disclose sensitive personal information, as defined by California law, for any purpose other than to provide the goods or services requested by you, with your consent, or for other purposes expressly authorized by California law, such as to detect security incidents. We describe the personal information we collect, how we use it, in this privacy policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from our network and the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information, some of which may be considered sensitive personal information under California law: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your driver’s license or state identification card; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your driver’s license or state identification card; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. Our policies require that we retain records for as long they are needed for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them. We incorporate personal information into different types of records; it is not always retained by distinct data elements. For example, your name could be part of your customer account record, transaction record, or call records. Each type of record may be retained for a different time period depending on its purpose. We have established criteria for how long to keep different types of records. We use this information for business and commercial purposes as they are defined by the CCPA. Business and commercial purposes includes providing services to you; communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance purposes. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers may use information for the same purposes, as necessary for them to perform work for us (including in the last twelve months). Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also disclose information to third parties, such as partners and to law enforcement, among others, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. We allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of these activities, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information” section below. Some of the information that we collect is Sensitive Personal Information under California Law. California law defines sensitive personal information as: information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number along with required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account precise geolocation racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership contents of your mail, email, and text messages unless we are the recipient of the communication genetic data using biometrics to uniquely identify you and collecting or analyzing personal information about your health, sex life or sexual orientation information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number account log-in, financial account, debit or credit card number along with required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account precise geolocation racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership contents of your mail, email, and text messages unless we are the recipient of the communication genetic data using biometrics to uniquely identify you and collecting or analyzing personal information about your health, sex life or sexual orientation We do not use, sell, share, or disclose sensitive personal information, as defined by California law, for any purpose other than to provide the goods or services requested by you, with your consent, or for other purposes expressly authorized by California law, such as to detect security incidents. Your Right to Access or Correct Information You have the right to request access to specific pieces and categories of personal information we collected about you. You or your authorized agent can do this by accessing our Data and Privacy Portal or via the email address provided below. We will honor up to two consumer rights requests every twelve months as required by California law. You can use this same contact information to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. Your Right to Delete You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under California law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to provide the services that you have requested and other activities needed to maintain an ongoing business relationship or perform a contract with you, to maintain information security, to exercise legal rights, or to comply with other laws and then securely delete it. Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information California law gives you the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. The term “sale or sharing” is broadly defined to include sharing personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration and the sharing of your information for cross contextual advertising purposes. The definition does not cover all sharing of personal information. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale or sharing” under California law are: using third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to our websites and app using cookies and other web technologies to inform our and others’ cross contextual advertising; sharing customer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications; sharing customer information with third-parties to help find other potential customers using interest segments they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps. To opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information, please visit Your Privacy Choices . We also recognize that you are exercising your choice to opt out if you engage a browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) when visiting our sites. If you are a Visible member who is logged in to your account when using the GPC signal, we will apply your choice to activity on our website whenever you are logged in and to non-website activities across your account. However, if you are not logged in or don’t have an account and use a GPC, we will opt you out of sharing activity on our sites, but may need more information from you to identify you and apply your choice to non-website sharing activities. California law gives you the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. The term “sale or sharing” is broadly defined to include sharing personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration and the sharing of your information for cross contextual advertising purposes. The definition does not cover all sharing of personal information. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale or sharing” under California law are: using third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to our websites and app using cookies and other web technologies to inform our and others’ cross contextual advertising; sharing customer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications; sharing customer information with third-parties to help find other potential customers using interest segments they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps. using third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to our websites and app using cookies and other web technologies to inform our and others’ cross contextual advertising; sharing customer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications; sharing customer information with third-parties to help find other potential customers using interest segments they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps. To opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information, please visit Your Privacy Choices . We also recognize that you are exercising your choice to opt out if you engage a browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) when visiting our sites. If you are a Visible member who is logged in to your account when using the GPC signal, we will apply your choice to activity on our website whenever you are logged in and to non-website activities across your account. However, if you are not logged in or don’t have an account and use a GPC, we will opt you out of sharing activity on our sites, but may need more information from you to identify you and apply your choice to non-website sharing activities. Your Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information You have the right to ask us to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information if we use that information for purposes beyond what is needed to provide the products and services you request or for other reasons specified in the law. We use or disclose sensitive personal information only for purposes allowable in the law or with your consent so we do not offer you an option to limit the use of sensitive personal information. The purposes for which we might use sensitive personal information include: detecting security incidents; resisting malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal actions; ensuring the physical safety of a person; short-term, transient uses; performing services such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, fulfilling orders and transactions; verifying your information; and verifying, maintaining or enhancing a service on a device that is owned manufactured or controlled by us or on your device. We may also share your information with service providers providing storage or similar services on our behalf. Your Right to Not Be Discriminated Against We do not discriminate against you if you exercise any rights described in this section. We will not deny goods or services, charge different prices or rates for goods or services, or provide you a different level or quality of goods and services. You also have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you. Where to Exercise Your Rights You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale or sharing of personal information by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer of the Visible Merch website. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. Our selling and sharing activity for Visible Offers is limited to activity on the Visible Offers website. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of selling and sharing of your activity by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honors browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. You can authorize an agent to exercise your California privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We require you to verify your identity using the processes we describe in the portal or the privacy choices page before we fulfill your request. Depending on the type of request you make, you may be required to log into an existing account and prove access to your mobile phone or to the email address on file with us. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale or sharing of personal information by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer of the Visible Merch website. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. Our selling and sharing activity for Visible Offers is limited to activity on the Visible Offers website. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of selling and sharing of your activity by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honors browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. You can authorize an agent to exercise your California privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We require you to verify your identity using the processes we describe in the portal or the privacy choices page before we fulfill your request. Depending on the type of request you make, you may be required to log into an existing account and prove access to your mobile phone or to the email address on file with us. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. Reporting The table below reports the number of verified requests to know received from consumers and other individuals in 2022. Because all personal information collected from users is required to provide service, consumers and other individuals do not have the option to delete personal information. Visible also received 79 unverified requests to know and 101 unverified requests to delete via email in 2022. Request to Delete Requests to Know Total Requests N/A 6008 Complied With N/A 5997 Denied N/A 11 Average Response Time (Days) N/A 5 As described above, Visible allows third-party advertising companies to collect information about activity from website visitors and in our apps, for example through cookies and similar technologies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons and social network plugins. These ad entities use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements and for other advertising purposes. During 2022, consumers could learn about this activity and how to opt out on Visible’s “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” webpage. This webpage became Visible’s Your Privacy Choices webpage in December 2022. Between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, there were approximately 65,518 unique visitors to the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” or “Your Privacy Choices” webpage, however, because the opt out tools available during that time are managed directly by consumers on their devices, we do not have metrics for the number of consumers who opted out. If you have questions about your rights under California law, email us at privacy@visible.com . The table below reports the number of verified requests to know received from consumers and other individuals in 2022. Because all personal information collected from users is required to provide service, consumers and other individuals do not have the option to delete personal information. Visible also received 79 unverified requests to know and 101 unverified requests to delete via email in 2022. Request to Delete Requests to Know Total Requests Complied With Denied Average Response Time (Days) As described above, Visible allows third-party advertising companies to collect information about activity from website visitors and in our apps, for example through cookies and similar technologies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons and social network plugins. These ad entities use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements and for other advertising purposes. During 2022, consumers could learn about this activity and how to opt out on Visible’s “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” webpage. This webpage became Visible’s Your Privacy Choices webpage in December 2022. Between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022, there were approximately 65,518 unique visitors to the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” or “Your Privacy Choices” webpage, however, because the opt out tools available during that time are managed directly by consumers on their devices, we do not have metrics for the number of consumers who opted out. If you have questions about your rights under California law, email us at privacy@visible.com . Other California Privacy Rights California customers may request, once per year, that we disclose the identity of any third parties with whom we have shared personal information for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes within the previous calendar year, along with the type of personal information disclosed. California residents under age 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications may request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. Your request should include a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. California customers may request, once per year, that we disclose the identity of any third parties with whom we have shared personal information for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes within the previous calendar year, along with the type of personal information disclosed. California residents under age 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications may request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. Your request should include a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances. The Colorado Privacy Act gives specific rights to Colorado residents. These rights include the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it; to access and delete certain information; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; and to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used for targeted advertising to you, or used to build a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you. We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information for the following purposes: Contact and device information (including name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information, other similar identifiers). Commercial information such as products and services you purchase or consider and financial information. Internet or electronic network activity (including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding our interactions with our websites, applications and advertisements. We use this information to provide our products and services, operate our businesses, communicate with you and provide customer service; personalize your experiences; improve our services; provide marketing and advertising; create business insights; debug problems, audit our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. Geolocation data from our apps when you permit it. We use this information for the purpose for which you allow us when you provide consent. Demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from third parties. Inferences drawn from information reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions and behaviors. We use this information to help us better understand our customers and our markets, personalize your experiences, provide marketing and advertising, test for bias and create business insights. Secure Account Information including account log-in, social security number, driver’s license, state identification card, passport number, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account. We use this to provide you with access to your account, accept payment for products and services you purchase, security and fraud prevention and legal compliance purposes. Audio, electronic, visual or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment. We use this information to troubleshoot service, to improve our service and for quality assurance, help us better understand our customers and our markets, personalize your experiences, security and fraud prevention, provide marketing and advertising, test for bias and create business insights. Other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. For example, we may collect your insurance policy number to process damage claims. Some of the information that we collect is sensitive data under Colorado law which is also referred to as sensitive personal information in this policy. Sensitive data is defined as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation, or citizenship or citizenship status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; and personal data collected from a known child. Third parties we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes. We share information with service providers as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it for the specific purposes that we allow. These service providers may also be referred to as processors by Colorado law. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, credit, with your consent and as further described in the “Your Right to Opt out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section that follows. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information for the following purposes: Contact and device information (including name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information, other similar identifiers). Commercial information such as products and services you purchase or consider and financial information. Internet or electronic network activity (including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding our interactions with our websites, applications and advertisements. We use this information to provide our products and services, operate our businesses, communicate with you and provide customer service; personalize your experiences; improve our services; provide marketing and advertising; create business insights; debug problems, audit our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. Geolocation data from our apps when you permit it. We use this information for the purpose for which you allow us when you provide consent. Demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from third parties. Inferences drawn from information reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions and behaviors. We use this information to help us better understand our customers and our markets, personalize your experiences, provide marketing and advertising, test for bias and create business insights. We use this to provide you with access to your account, accept payment for products and services you purchase, security and fraud prevention and legal compliance purposes. Audio, electronic, visual or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment. We use this information to troubleshoot service, to improve our service and for quality assurance, help us better understand our customers and our markets, personalize your experiences, security and fraud prevention, provide marketing and advertising, test for bias and create business insights. Other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. Some of the information that we collect is sensitive data under Colorado law which is also referred to as sensitive personal information in this policy. Sensitive data is defined as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation, or citizenship or citizenship status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; and personal data collected from a known child. Third parties we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes. We share information with service providers as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it for the specific purposes that we allow. These service providers may also be referred to as processors by Colorado law. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, credit, with your consent and as further described in the “Your Right to Opt out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section that follows. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. You have the right to request access to specific pieces and categories of personal information we collected about you. You or your authorized agent can do this by accessing our Data and Privacy Portal or via the email address provided below. You can use this same contact information to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under Colorado law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to comply with laws and cooperating with law enforcement in good faith; investigating, establishing, preparing or defending against legal claims; internal research to improve, repair, or develop products; identifying and repairing errors; internal operations; providing products and services you use; protecting vital interests and certain public interests; preventing fraud; and assisting another with compliance and then securely delete it. Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising Colorado consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. The term “sale” is defined to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration and “targeted advertising” means using information obtained or inferred over time from your activities across non-affiliated websites, applications or online services to determine or predict your interests and display target our advertising to you. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale” or “targeted advertising” under Colorado law are: using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. To opt out of the sale of personal information or targeted advertising, please visit Your Privacy Choices . Colorado consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. The term “sale” is defined to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration and “targeted advertising” means using information obtained or inferred over time from your activities across non-affiliated websites, applications or online services to determine or predict your interests and display target our advertising to you. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale” or “targeted advertising” under Colorado law are: using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. To opt out of the sale of personal information or targeted advertising, please visit Your Privacy Choices . To opt out of the sale of personal information or targeted advertising, please visit Your Privacy Choices . Your Right to Opt Out of Profiling Colorado consumers have the right to opt out of having their information used for profiling to make decisions that produce legal, or similarly significant effect concerning a consumer. Colorado law defines profiling as using automated processing of personal data to evaluate, analyze or predict personal aspects of an individual’s economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movement. We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similar effects. Colorado consumers have the right to opt out of having their information used for profiling to make decisions that produce legal, or similarly significant effect concerning a consumer. Colorado law defines profiling as using automated processing of personal data to evaluate, analyze or predict personal aspects of an individual’s economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movement. We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similar effects. Use of Sensitive Personal Information Colorado law prohibits us from using sensitive personal information without your consent, except for purposes specified in the law. We only use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes allowable in the law or with your consent. The purposes for which we might use sensitive personal information include: complying with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; cooperating with law enforcement; investigating, establishing, preparing or defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use, preventing and responding to security and other significant incidents; and taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction. Appeals Process If we deny your privacy rights request, you can appeal that decision. You may submit an appeal using a link in the notice informing you of the denial. You also may submit an appeal by emailing us at privacy@visible.com. Please use the subject line "APPEAL" and provide your name, contact information including phone number, a description of the decision you are appealing, and the reason for your appeal. If we deny your appeal, you may contact the Colorado Attorney General with any concerns. We do not discriminate against you We do not discriminate against you if you exercise any rights described in this section, by denying you goods or services, charging different prices or rates for goods or services or providing you a different level or quality of goods and services. You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale or sharing of personal information by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer of the Visible Merch website. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out.Our selling and sharing activity for Visible Offers is limited to activity on the Visible Offers website. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. We require you to verify your identity using the processes described in the portal before we fulfill your request. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Colorado privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. If you have questions about your rights under Colorado law, email us at privacy@visible.com . If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out.Our selling and sharing activity for Visible Offers is limited to activity on the Visible Offers website. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. We require you to verify your identity using the processes described in the portal before we fulfill your request. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Colorado privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. If you have questions about your rights under Colorado law, email us at privacy@visible.com . The Connecticut Data Privacy Act gives residents certain rights as it relates to personal information. These rights include the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it; to access and delete certain information; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used for targeted advertising to you, or used with artificial intelligence to create a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you. We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your driver’s license or state identification card; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you.is capable of being associated with you. We use this information for business purposes including: providing you products and services; operating our business; communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance purposes. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers may use information for the same purposes, as necessary for them to perform work for us. Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also disclose information to third parties, such as partners and to law enforcement, among others, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your driver’s license or state identification card; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you.is capable of being associated with you. We use this information for business purposes including: providing you products and services; operating our business; communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance purposes. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers may use information for the same purposes, as necessary for them to perform work for us. Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. We may also disclose information to third parties, such as partners and to law enforcement, among others, as detailed elsewhere in this policy. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under Connecticut law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to comply with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use, performing a contract, preventing and responding to security and other significant incidents; and taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also allows for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction and then securely delete it. Connecticut consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. Connecticut law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration. “Targeted advertising” means using personal data obtained or inferred from your activities over time and across nonaffiliated Internet web sites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests and display advertising to you. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale” or “targeted advertising” under Connecticut law are: using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. You can review additional details and opt out of the sale of personal information or targeted advertising by accessing Your Privacy Choices here or in the footer of our webpage. Connecticut consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. Connecticut law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration. “Targeted advertising” means using personal data obtained or inferred from your activities over time and across nonaffiliated Internet web sites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests and display advertising to you. Our activities that fall under the definition of “sale” or “targeted advertising” under Connecticut law are: sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and You can review additional details and opt out of the sale of personal information or targeted advertising by accessing Your Privacy Choices here or in the footer of our webpage. Connecticut consumers have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal, or similarly significant effect concerning a consumer. Connecticut law defines profiling as automated processing performed on personal data to evaluate, analyze or predict personal aspects related to an identified or identifiable individual’s economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movement. We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similarly significant effects. Connecticut consumers have the right to opt out of profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal, or similarly significant effect concerning a consumer. Connecticut law defines profiling as automated processing performed on personal data to evaluate, analyze or predict personal aspects related to an identified or identifiable individual’s economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movement. We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similarly significant effects. Use of sensitive personal information We use sensitive personal information as authorized by the law or after we obtain your express consent. Connecticut law prohibits us from processing sensitive personal information without your consent except as specified in the law. Sensitive personal information includes: data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life, sexual orientation or citizenship or immigration status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal data collected from a known child; or precise geolocation data. We do not use, sell, share, or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose other than for reasons allowable under the law. We may use this information to comply with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by government authorities; defend against legal claims; provide and maintain the products and services you use, perform a contract; prevent and respond to security and other significant incidents; and to take immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also allows for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction. We use sensitive personal information as authorized by the law or after we obtain your express consent. Connecticut law prohibits us from processing sensitive personal information without your consent except as specified in the law. Sensitive personal information includes: data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life, sexual orientation or citizenship or immigration status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal data collected from a known child; or precise geolocation data. We do not use, sell, share, or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose other than for reasons allowable under the law. We may use this information to comply with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by government authorities; defend against legal claims; provide and maintain the products and services you use, perform a contract; prevent and respond to security and other significant incidents; and to take immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also allows for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction. You can appeal a denial of your request to exercise any of the privacy rights provided by the Connecticut law. If we deny your request, you may submit an appeal using a link in the notice informing you of the denial. You also may submit an appeal by emailing us at privacy@visible.com. Please use the subject line "APPEAL" and provide your name, contact information including phone number, a description of the decision you are appealing, and the reason for your appeal. You may also contact the Connecticut Attorney General. You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access, or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com . You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale of personal information or use of it for targeted advertising by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer of the Visible Merch website. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you are used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. We require you to verify your identity using the processes described in the portal before we fulfill your request. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Connecticut privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access, or correct data by: You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com . You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale of personal information or use of it for targeted advertising by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you are used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Connecticut privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. Maine Broadband Customer Privacy Rights The Maine Broadband Internet Access Service Customer Privacy Act gives privacy rights to current and former subscribers of mass market broadband Internet access service in Maine, as well as applicants. The Maine law gives you the right to control certain ways that we use or share information we have about you and requires that we provide you with a notice of your rights and our obligations under this law. We do this in this section. The Maine law also requires us to take reasonable measures to protect customer personal information. We describe this in an earlier section of this privacy policy. We will not use, disclose, sell, or permit access to broadband customer personal information (personally identifying information about a customer or information from a customer’s use of broadband Internet access service) except with affirmative consent or for the following purposes allowed under the Maine law: to provide and maintain your broadband services; market and advertise our communications-related services to you; comply with lawful court orders; bill and collect; protect users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of or subscription to such services; or provide location information in response to certain emergency situations. The Maine law also provides you with a right to opt out of any use or sharing of data that is not customer personal information under the law. At this time, we do not collect information about you as a broadband customer that is not customer personal information. If we begin collecting such information in the future, we will give you the right to opt out of its use and sharing. We will not refuse to provide you with broadband service, charge you a penalty, or offer you a discount based on whether you agree that we can use or share your broadband customer personal information. The Maine Broadband Internet Access Service Customer Privacy Act gives privacy rights to current and former subscribers of mass market broadband Internet access service in Maine, as well as applicants. The Maine law gives you the right to control certain ways that we use or share information we have about you and requires that we provide you with a notice of your rights and our obligations under this law. We do this in this section. The Maine law also requires us to take reasonable measures to protect customer personal information. We describe this in an earlier section of this privacy policy. We will not use, disclose, sell, or permit access to broadband customer personal information (personally identifying information about a customer or information from a customer’s use of broadband Internet access service) except with affirmative consent or for the following purposes allowed under the Maine law: to provide and maintain your broadband services; market and advertise our communications-related services to you; comply with lawful court orders; bill and collect; protect users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of or subscription to such services; or provide location information in response to certain emergency situations. The Maine law also provides you with a right to opt out of any use or sharing of data that is not customer personal information under the law. At this time, we do not collect information about you as a broadband customer that is not customer personal information. If we begin collecting such information in the future, we will give you the right to opt out of its use and sharing. We will not refuse to provide you with broadband service, charge you a penalty, or offer you a discount based on whether you agree that we can use or share your broadband customer personal information. Nevada law allows consumers to opt out of the sale of personal information by online service providers such as website operators and data brokers. Nevada law defines “sale” as the exchange of certain personally identifiable information for money. Personally identifiable information includes name, address, phone number, Social Security number, or any identifier that can be used to contact a consumer electronically. Visible does not currently sell personal information as defined by Nevada law and has no plans to start. If Visible ever starts selling such personal information, current Visible customers will be opted out. If you have any questions, please contact us at privacy@visible.com . Nevada law allows consumers to opt out of the sale of personal information by online service providers such as website operators and data brokers. Nevada law defines “sale” as the exchange of certain personally identifiable information for money. Personally identifiable information includes name, address, phone number, Social Security number, or any identifier that can be used to contact a consumer electronically. Visible does not currently sell personal information as defined by Nevada law and has no plans to start. If Visible ever starts selling such personal information, current Visible customers will be opted out. If you have any questions, please contact us at privacy@visible.com . The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act gives residents certain rights as it relates to personal information. These rights include the right to access and delete certain information we collect about you; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used for targeted advertising to you, or used to build a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you; and to appeal the denial of a request to exercise one of these privacy rights. Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It We describe the personal information we collect and how we use it in this Privacy Policy. We collect personal information when you interact with us and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from the devices you use. Depending on what products and services you use and how you interact with us, we may collect these categories of personal information: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Characteristics of legally protected classifications, such as race and gender, if you provide them to us Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure Account Information including account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you. Some of the information that we collect is considered sensitive personal information under Virginia law. The law defines sensitive personal information as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal data collected from a known child; and precise geolocation data. We use this information for business and commercial purposes. Business and commercial purposes includes providing you products and services, operating our businesses, and engaging in economic activities such as communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes. We share information with service providers as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes we allow. These service providers may also be referred to as processors by Virginia law. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, with your consent and as further described in other sections of this policy. We also allow select third parties to directly collect information about your activity on our websites using cookies and other web technologies. These third parties use information they collect to help us provide more relevant Visible advertisements on other websites and apps and may also use information for their own or others’ advertising purposes. For information about how to opt out of the use of this information for advertising purposes, please visit the “Your Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information and Targeted Advertising” section below. We do not have actual knowledge that the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age is included in this selling or sharing. Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information, and other similar identifiers Personal information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history on our site, and information regarding your interaction with our websites applications, and advertisements Precise geolocation data from our apps when you permit it Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment Inferences drawn from any of the information described above to create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Commercial information, such as products or services you purchase and financial information. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment Some of the information that we collect is considered sensitive personal information under Virginia law. The law defines sensitive personal information as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal data collected from a known child; and precise geolocation data. We use this information for business and commercial purposes. Business and commercial purposes includes providing you products and services, operating our businesses, and engaging in economic activities such as communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. Examples and additional detail about these types of uses can be found in this Privacy Policy. Service providers we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes. We share information with service providers as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes we allow. These service providers may also be referred to as processors by Virginia law. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, with your consent and as further described in other sections of this policy. Your Right to Access and Correct Information You have the right to request that Visible delete personal information we have about you but all the information we collect today is subject to exemption under Virginia law. The personal information that Visible collects and retains today is used to provide service to you and for related purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We retain this information only as long as necessary to comply with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use and preventing security incidents and then securely delete it. Virginia consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. The term “sale” is defined to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary consideration and “targeted advertising” means using information from your activities over time and across non-affiliated websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests and target our advertising to you. We do not sell information as defined by the Virginia law. Our activities that fall under the definition of “targeted advertising” under the Virginia law are: using third-party advertising companies’ cookies, pixels, tags, and other web technologies on our site to collect information about your activity on our site during your visit which can be used and combined with other information about you from your activity and behavior across unaffiliated websites and apps to tailor the ads you see from us and others; sharing consumer information with third-party advertising and social media companies to help them better target our advertising on their websites and applications and to help find other potential customers using interest segments and audiences they create from your activities across non-affiliated websites and apps; and using consumer information we obtain from third-parties to better customize our advertising, when that information is derived from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps. To opt out of targeted advertising, please visit Your Privacy Choices . Virginia consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information and the right to opt out of processing of personal information for targeted advertising. The term “sale” is defined to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary consideration and “targeted advertising” means using information from your activities over time and across non-affiliated websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests and target our advertising to you. We do not sell information as defined by the Virginia law. Our activities that fall under the definition of “targeted advertising” under the Virginia law are: To opt out of targeted advertising, please visit Your Privacy Choices . We do not offer you the ability to opt out of profiling because we do not use personal information to profile in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning a consumer. Your Right to Appeal If we deny your privacy rights request, you have the right to appeal that decision. You may submit an appeal using a link in the notice informing you of the denial. You also may submit an appeal by emailing us at privacy@visible.com . Please use the subject line "APPEAL" and provide your name, contact information including phone number, a description of the decision you are appealing, and the reason for your appeal. You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to access or correct data by: Visiting the Visible Data and Privacy Portal Sending an email to privacy@visible.com You or your authorized agent can exercise your right to delete by sending an email to privacy@visible.com . If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer on the Visible Merch website. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale of personal information or use of it for targeted advertising by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. If you visit Visible Offers, you will have to separately opt out. We use third-party advertising companies that collect information about your visit to the Visible Offers site using cookies and other web technologies to better tailor advertising to you for us and others. You can opt out of the sale and use and sharing of your activity for behavioral targeted advertising by turning off “Functional and Performance” and “Advertising” cookies in the cookie settings that can be accessed from the Your Privacy Choices link in the footer of the Visible Offers site, or by managing your settings through the cookie banner that displays on your first visit to the site. If you opt out of Functional and Performance and Advertising cookies, only web tech that is required for the site to function will operate during your visit. Your opt out will apply on the browser and device you are used when you opted out. If you visit the site from a different device or browser, or clear your cookies from your browser history, you will need to opt out again. The Visible Offers site also honor browser-based Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals that you may set in your browser, as an opt out when you visit the Offers site. We require you to verify your identity using the processes described in the portal before we fulfill your request. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Virginia privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We will endeavor to respond to your requests within 45 days, but it may take up to 90 days. If we need more than 45 days, we will contact you to let you know that we need additional time. Are you a Visible Merch Store customer? Please visit the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy for more information about how to exercise your rights. Are you a Visible Communities user? Please visit the Visible Community Privacy Policy for information about how to exercise your rights. If you visit or use one of our other sites you must separately opt out using these sites’ “Your Privacy Choices” webpages at Visible Community Your Privacy Choices or in the footer on the Visible Merch website. You can authorize an agent to exercise your Virginia privacy rights on your behalf. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Data and Privacy Portal to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. Changes to the Privacy Policy We may make changes to this privacy policy, so please check back periodically. You will be able to see that we made changes by checking the effective date above. If we decide to use or disclose information that identifies you personally in a way that is materially different from what we stated in our privacy policy at the time we collected that information from you, we will give you a choice about the new use or disclosure by appropriate means, which may include an opportunity to opt-out. Still Have Questions? If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our practices, please contact us at privacy@visible.com . Data and Privacy Portal Learn more about how to view and manage your data in the Your Account section of our Help page. Learn more about how to view and manage data collected by other Visible services can be found in the Visible Community Privacy Policy and the Visible Merch Store Privacy Policy. Member Portal Former Member Agent Portal Member Portal Former Member Agent Portal To appeal a privacy rights decision, you can email us at privacy@visible.com. Use the word "APPEAL" in your subject line and provide a description of the decision you are appealing, including a request ID if you have one. You may also use this email for any privacy rights requests you wish to submit.