Back to JS Bin At JS Bin, we collect and manage user data according to the following Privacy Policy, with the goal of incorporating our company values: transparency, accessibility, sanity, usability. This document is part of JS Bin's Terms of Service, and by using jsbin.com (the “Website”), you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service. Please read the Terms of Service in their entirety, and refer to those for definitions and contacts. In other words, We collect anonymous data from every visitor of the Website to monitor traffic and fix bugs. For example, we collect information like web requests, the data sent in response to such requests, the Internet Protocol address, the browser type, the browser language, and a timestamp for the request. We ask you to log in and provide certain personal information (such as your name and email address) in order to be able to save your settings and the Bins associated with it. In order to enable these or any other login based features, we use cookies to store session information for your convenience. You can block or delete cookies and still be able to use JS Bin, although if you do you will then be asked for your username and password every time you log in to the Website. In order to take advantage of certain features of the Website, you may also choose to provide us with other personal information, such as your picture, but your decision to utilise these features and provide such data will always be voluntary. In other words, Data we're collecting helps us keep the site running and fix bugs. If you want to create an account, or go Pro, we'll need a few personal bits of information to make it work. Data we're collecting helps us keep the site running and fix bugs. If you want to create an account, or go Pro, we'll need a few personal bits of information to make it work. You are able to view, change and remove your data associated with your profile. Should you choose to delete your account, please contact us at jsbin@leftlogic.com and we will follow up with such request as soon as possible. In other words, If you want to delete your account, get in touch and we'll completely remove your account and associated Bins. If you want to delete your account, get in touch and we'll completely remove your account and associated Bins. Minors and children should not use JS Bin without consent and supervision of an adult. By using the Website, you represent that you have the legal capacity to enter into a binding agreement. In other words, Because anything can be posted on JS Bin, minors and children must be supervised by an adult when using JS Bin. Because anything can be posted on JS Bin, minors and children must be supervised by an adult when using JS Bin. We only use your personal information to provide you the JS Bin services or to communicate with you about the services or the Website. We employ industry standard techniques to protect against unauthorised access of data about you that we store, including personal information. We do not share personal information you have provided to us without your consent, unless: JS Bin is operated from the United Kingdom. If you are visiting the Website from outside the UK, you agree to any processing of any personal information you provide us according to this policy. JS Bin may contact you, by email or other means. For example, JS Bin may send you promotional emails relating to JS Bin or other third parties JS Bin feels you would be interested in, or communicate with you about your use of the JS Bin website. You can modify your email notification preferences by clicking the appropriate link included in the footer of email notifications. If you do not want to receive email from JS Bin, please opt out of receiving emails at the bottom of any JS Bin emails or by editing your profile preferences. In other words, We'll keep your personal information safe and won't share anything unless required to by law. We may contact you by email, but you can opt out of this at any time via your profile preferences. We'll keep your personal information safe and won't share anything unless required to by law. We may contact you by email, but you can opt out of this at any time via your profile preferences. We don't share your personal information with third parties. Only aggregated, anonymised data is periodically transmitted to external services to help us improve the JS Bin Website and service. We currently use Google Analytics (traffic analysis, SEO optimisation) and Librato (metrics). We listed below what data these third parties extract exactly. Feel free to check out their own Privacy Policies to find out more. We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. If you have a registered account, we will strive to allow you to download your complete history of Bins as HTML files. In other words, We use Google Analytics and Librato to collect anonymous data (like browser type and timing metrics) to help make the site better. If we are acquired (or substantially so), your privacy is protected by this policy. We are also working on the ability to download a complete zip file of all your bins (for free logged in users) so you can backup your own content irrespective of what happens to JS Bin. We use Google Analytics and Librato to collect anonymous data (like browser type and timing metrics) to help make the site better. If we are acquired (or substantially so), your privacy is protected by this policy. We are also working on the ability to download a complete zip file of all your bins (for free logged in users) so you can backup your own content irrespective of what happens to JS Bin. Should you have any question or concern, please write to jsbin@leftlogic.com.