 Waterfox Search Blog Docs Download GitHub Mastodon Twitter Select theme About FAQ Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Service Releases G4.0.0 G4.0.0.1 G4.0.1 G4.0.2 G4.0.2.1 G4.0.3 G4.0.3.1 G4.0.4 G4.0.5 G4.0.5.1 G4.0.6 G4.0.7 G4.0.8 G4.1.0 G4.1.1 G4.1.1.1 G4.1.2 G4.1.2.1 G4.1.3 G4.1.3.1 G4.1.3.2 G4.1.4 G4.1.5 G5.0 G5.0.1 G5.0.2 G5.0 Beta 1 G5.0 Beta 2 G5.0 Beta 3 G5.0 Beta 4 G5.0 Beta 5 G5.1 G5.1.1 G5.1.10 G5.1.11 G5.1.12 G5.1.13 G5.1.2 G5.1.3 G5.1.4 G5.1.5 G5.1.6 G5.1.7 G5.1.8 G5.1.9 G6.0 G6.0.1 G6.0.2 G6.0.3 G6.0.4 G6.0.5 G6.0.6 G6.0.7 G6.0 Beta 1 G6.0 Beta 2 G6.0 Beta 3 G6.0 Beta 4 G6.0 Beta 5 Support Common Myths about Private Browsing Manage my default search engines in Waterfox for Android Enhanced Tracking Protection in Waterfox for Android Searching with Waterfox for Android How to set up Sync in Waterfox for Android HTTPS-Only Mode in Waterfox for Android Grant camera access to Waterfox for Android Scan QR codes in Waterfox for Android Set Waterfox for Android as the default browser On this page Overview An easy to digest privacy policy Waterfox by default shares data to: Improve security for users everywhere Distribution Builds of Waterfox Firefox Accounts Sync Location Website notifications Add-ons We strive to collect only the absolute minimum to provide you with a useable web experience. We try to avoid any personal data where we can and keep data collection to the minimum. In this Privacy Notice, we explain what data Waterfox shares and point you to settings to share even less. Waterfox does not collect telemetry about your installation - any telemetry modules are disable when the browser is built. What you do in your browser is only known by you. You can perform searches directly from several places in Waterfox, including the Awesome Bar, Search Bar, or on a New Tab. We receive data about the number of searches you request from our search partners. : When you first use Waterfox, it uses your IP address to set your default search provider based on your country. . Location data : Waterfox by default sends search queries to your search provider to help you discover common phrases other people have searched for and improve your search experience if your selected search provider supports search suggestions. , including how to disable this feature. Search queries : Desktop versions of Watrfox check for browser updates by persistently connecting to Waterfox’s update servers. Your Waterfox version, language, specific search configurations and device operating system are used to apply the correct updates. Mobile versions of Firefox may connect to another service if you used one to download and install Firefox. . Technical data for updates Note: The above cannot be changed as without this information we cannot provide you with the correct update files. : Waterfox for Desktop and Android periodically connect to external services to protect you and others from malicious add-ons. Your Watrfox version and language, device operating system, and list of installed add-ons are needed to apply and update the add-ons blocklist. . Technical data for add-ons blocklist : When you visit a secure website (usually identified with a URL starting with “HTTPS”), Waterfox validates the website’s . This may involve Waterfox sending certain information about the website to the Certificate Authority identified by that website. Opting out increases the risk of your private information being intercepted. . Webpage and technical data to Certificate Authorities If you have come to Waterfox by clicking on one of our compaigns, the below information is needed. : This helps Waterfox understand the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. Campaign and Referral Data : Waterfox by default sends Waterfox HTTP data that may be included with Waterfox installer. This enables us to determine the website domain or advertising campaign (if any) that referred you to our download page. On Desktop If you use Waterfox Sync with a Firefox account, Waterfox will by necessity have to share certain data with a third party. Please read the privacy policy for Firefox accounts . : If you enable Sync, whichever third party you use for this service receives the information that you sync across devices in encrypted form. This may include Waterfox tabs, add-ons, passwords, payment autofill information, bookmarks, history, and preferences. Deleting the relevant account will delete related Sync content. You can also read the . Synced data : Waterfox always asks before determining and sharing your location with a requesting website (for example, if a map website needs your location to provide directions). To determine location, Waterfox will use your operating system’s geolocation features. Location data for HTML geolocation service : If you allow a website to send you notifications, Waterfox connects with a third party service and uses your IP address to relay the message. Waterfox nor the third party service can access the content of messages. Connection data : The third party service aggregate data such as the number of subscriptions and unsubscriptions to website notifications, number of messages sent, timestamps, and senders (which may include specific website providers). Interaction data Read the for the third party service for more information. If you do not want this to occur, simply decline any website notification requests. You can install Add-ons from addons.mozilla.org (“AMO”), chrome.google.com/webstore (“CWS”) and addons.opera.com/extensions (“OWS”). : Waterfox periodically connects with whichever store to install updates to Add-ons. Your installed Add-ons, Waterfox version, language, and device operating system are used to apply the correct updates. Previous Next Made in London, UK 🇬🇧. © 2024 BrowserWorks Ltd. Independent and grassroots.