recents You have no recent locations US °F °C Hybrid Imperial - F / mph / miles / inches Americas Africa Asia Pacific Europe Middle East Today Hourly 10 Day Monthly Weekend Radar Winter More Forecasts More Yesterday's Weather Allergy Tracker Cold & Flu Air Quality Forecast Privacy Policy  TWC Product and Technology, LLC, doing business as The Weather Company, an IBM Business, the provider of The Weather Channel, Weather Underground, and Storm Radar digital services (sometimes, "we" or "us"), is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is important, and we encourage you to carefully read it. This Policy discloses how we collect, use, and share data that we gather related to your interaction with the weather.com and www.wunderground.com websites (the "Sites") and mobile applications and, in-vehicle application (collectively, “Apps”), and other websites and digital services that reference or link to this Policy (together, the "Services"). The Services do not include websites, mobile applications, or other services that link to another privacy policy. This Policy also describes the choices you have regarding our use of your data and your ability to access, correct, or delete your data. By using the Services, you accept the terms of this Policy, and agree to the data collection, use, and sharing described in, this Policy. We may seek your consent by other means such as by asking you to click on a button or to change a setting. Where we do so, we will also offer you a way to revoke your consent. This global Policy describes our privacy practices across our supported countries; however, based on your geographic location, some sections may not be applicable to your use of the Services. For location-specific notices see Sections 12-16. If you are using any of our Apps, please ensure you keep both your device operating system (“OS”) and the App up to date in order to enable the privacy controls described below. Why and How We Collect and Use Personal Data and Other Information Information We Collect from You We may collect and use information, some of which may be considered personal data, in order to operate the Services and to enhance your experience, as described in the following table and this Policy. Device information Identifiers Location information Preferences Technology Information related to your use of and interactions with the Services Privacy choices Analytics Payment information Advertising To deliver marketing messaging and ads on the Services, on third party apps and websites. To measure the performance and effectiveness of ads and other content that you see or interact with. Inferences drawn from the use of the Services Internet or other electronic network activity information Categories of data processed defined: – Data collected about your computer, phone, tablet, browser, personal weather station, and other electronic devices. This data is usually collected from the electronic device but in some cases, we may request this data from you. Device Information – A unique set of numbers, letters, and/or symbols used to represent a device, personal weather station, browser or an individual including information provided during account registration, such as your name, email address, and home address. – Conclusions made based on data collected directly from your interactions with the Services. – Data collected directly from your actions while using the Services. – We may collect and use data about the geographical position of your device, browser, and locations of interest. This could include GPS location, location derived from IP address (such as city, state, zip code) and your saved locations selected on the Services. – Data collected in order to complete purchases of subscriptions, for example, credit card information and billing address. – Data collected to determine desired functionality of the Services such as choosing between Celsius and Fahrenheit. This also includes any general interests you provide to us through the Services. – Data collected in relation to consent and opt-out selections available to you. You may choose not to provide us with certain information; by doing so, however, you may not be able to receive the full range of Services from us. We assign an owner to each of our Services processing personal information, who is responsible for processing activities throughout the product and processing lifecycle. More About Location Information The type of location information we collect depends on your settings in the device you use to access the Services. – If you are accessing the Services through the Sites, including via your mobile web browser, we may detect your general location based on your device’s IP address information, so that we can automatically show you weather information, news stories, product updates, and special offers for your approximate area. Depending on browser type and configuration, your browser may inform you that the Sites would like to collect your specific location and request your permission to do so. Specific location may consist of the precise geographic location. If you allow collection on the Sites when accessing via your mobile web browser, your location may be derived from the Global Positioning System (GPS). If you do not consent to the collection of specific location, or if your browser blocks the collection by default, then only your general location information is collected and may be stored locally on your device. You can always manually enter a location (such as city, postal code, and country). If you opt out of sharing your current location, you may continue to receive content, including advertisements, that is contextual to the latest location you searched (i.e., “contextual location”). Web/Mobile Web Use of Location Information - If you access the Services on your mobile device or automotive infotainment system and consent to sharing location information with our App, we may collect precise geographic location information and sensor data via GPS, cellular network information, and other location-based features. We typically receive the latitude and longitude of your device, as well as date and time and sensor data such as altimeter or information about the vehicle. Factors such as device and operating system determine the accuracy of this latitude and longitude and how closely it corresponds with your device’s location. If you allow any of our mobile or in-vehicle Apps to directly collect location information while the App is running in the background, you will enable continuous location collection. You can turn off direct location collection (or, on some operating systems, continuous direct location collection) through your settings or by deleting the App. If you turn off location-based services, you may continue using the Services by manually entering a location into the search bar. When you disable direct location collection, you may continue to receive select alerts and advertisements based on your contextual location. Contextual location for the Apps is an approximated location derived from the latest location stored by the Services, (last searched location), prior to turning off direct location collection. Apps Use of Location Information - Our service providers, and (see for more information) may also collect location information through the Services. We may share the location information we collect with third parties as addressed in . Refer to The Weather Channel In-Vehicle Application for more information about vendor use of location data for the in-vehicle app. Data Vendor Use of Location Information We may obtain information about you or your use of the Services from advertisers, (see for more information). We may combine the information you provide us and information we automatically collect with information from public or third-party sources. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal data that we collect through the Services, we will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this Policy. Information from Advertisers, , and . Data Collection Technologies and Consumer Choice We and third parties acting on our behalf, or on behalf of advertisers or vendors, use various technologies that help us to manage the operations of our Services and track usage behavior. These technologies enable us to personalize your experience, advertisements, and provide you with requested forecast data. We follow the self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"), the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada ("DAAC"), and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance ("EDAA"). We work with a variety of advertising services that use various technologies to collect data about your use of the Services (such as content viewed or ads clicked on) on our behalf or on behalf of advertisers () in order to serve relevant ads. use various technologies on the Services to (among other purposes): track how the Services are used, what pages or content users interact with, and what websites or apps users interact with after they leave the Services; link users' devices (i.e., cross-device or cross-platform tracking); and serve more relevant ads on and within the Services or other websites or apps that you visit. may combine this data with other information they may have obtained from you or from other sources that is unrelated to your use of the Services in order to target and measure the effectiveness of advertisements. More information about this type of advertising that is tailored to your likely interests based on your activities across other apps or websites (“personalized advertising”) is available from the . We also work with certain entities that use data collection technologies to track, analyze, and report data about use of the Services and to analyze and optimize performance of the Services (). Information collected via the data collection technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you such as location information and may be considered personal data. We and our vendors may use the technologies described in this section, alone or in combination, to understand user behavior, target and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, help diagnose problems, recognize repeat visitors, and facilitate your access to and use of the Services. Use of Cookies, Web Beacons, and Information Saved by Other Technologies Third parties may use cookies and other technologies through use of our Services to support or deliver personalized advertising on third-party websites and online services. The data collection technologies we and third parties use on web include but are not limited to: Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website and stored within your browser. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit to that website or to another website that recognizes those cookies. Some cookies on our Services collect IP and MAC addresses, which may be considered personal data in some jurisdictions. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user's device. For more information, please visit this . The cookies used on this website can be categorized in the following ways: Cookies: Category 1: Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are essential in order to enable you to use the Services and its features. Category 2: Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how you use the Services (such as which pages you go to most often and if you receive error messages). In general, these cookies do not collect information that directly identifies you. However, some such cookies may collect GeoIP or other identifiers that may be considered personal data in some jurisdictions. Category 3: Functionality Cookies These cookies allow Services to remember choices you make (such as language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced features (such as local weather reports or traffic news). These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to customize the Services. Category 4: Targeting Cookies These cookies collect several pieces of information about your browsing habits. They are often placed by advertising networks rather than website operators. They collect information about your interactions over time with the Services as well as with third-party websites and online services. This information may be shared with other organizations such as advertisers in order to provide you with advertisements that may be more relevant to you based on your inferred interests. Category 5: Social Network Cookies These cookies are generally generated by content embeds. They allow social network users to share content and use other features such as publishing comments. Certain pages on the Services contain web beacons, also known as web bugs, pixel tags or clear GIFs. Web beacons allow third parties to obtain information, such as the IP address of the computer that accessed the page on which the web beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the web beacon appears, the time the page containing the web beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies sent by the third party. Web beacons: We use local storage, to enhance user experience by, for example, storing your user preferences and settings (e.g., volume/mute) in connection with animated content on the Services. Local storage is similar to browser cookies but can store data more complex than simple text. By itself, local storage cannot do anything to or with the data stored on your device. Web Storage: Use of Advertising Identifiers We and our may collect information about usage of the mobile apps via advertising identifiers to support or deliver personalized advertising. An advertising identifier is a randomly-generated alphanumeric code associated with a user's device. Advertising identifiers provide advertisers a way to identify a user's device without using a permanent device identifier, such as serial number. Users with an ad-free subscription are automatically opted out of the use of their device’s advertising ID. Your Choices Around Cookies, Advertising Identifiers, and Other Technologies Used by Vendors You have the ability to control how your data is used, including for personalized advertising, in the following ways: : This Policy does not cover the practices of vendors outside of our Services and we do not control vendors’ technologies. We provide links to more information about vendors’ privacy practices and any available opt outs . Vendors : Your web browser may allow you to manage your cookies and local storage to control access to data about your online activity. We encourage you to check your browser’s “Help” feature to learn how to block, disable, and delete cookies. Please note that for technical reasons, if you delete or block certain cookies, some features of the site may be unavailable or may not function as intended. For more information, please visit this on managing cookies. Browser settings : The Android and iOS mobile device operating systems allow you to control how your device’s advertising identifier is used to support or deliver personalized advertising. The iOS versions 14 and above mobile device operating systems allow you to control use of the advertising identifier and “tracking;” learn about tracking from Apple at Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Learn More Device settings Android device settings (version 2.3 and above): “Opt out of Ads Personalization” by following the instructions provided by Google iOS device settings (versions 6 to 13): “Limit Ad Tracking” at Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad Tracking iOS device settings (versions 14 and above): “Tracking” permissions at Settings > Privacy > Tracking The opt outs described above are device- or browser-specific and may not be available for all devices. If you opt out on your mobile device, you may continue to receive personalized advertising on your desktop computer or other devices. If you choose to opt out, you will still see ads, but the ads will not be based on your activities across other apps and websites you use. The automotive in-vehicle infotainment system (device) includes permissions for location data and notifications. The Weather Channel in-vehicle app does not provide targeted advertising. Refer to for more information about The Weather Channel in-vehicle app. You can also opt out of future information collection from the Services by adjusting the settings on your device, ceasing use of the Service on web, or un-installing the relevant App. : Some industry organizations offer centralized tools where you can opt out of the use of your data by multiple vendors at once. For more information about Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt-out tools to assist you in managing choices for participating companies that use cookies, visit the following websites: Industry Group Opt-Outs The DAA’s The Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada's (DAAC’s) One of the EDAA’s country-specific The NAI’s Also, the DAA offers AppChoices, a separate choice tool for users to exercise control over the collection and use of data through mobile apps for personalized advertising and other related uses. To exercise choice for participating companies, you can install the DAA's AppChoices app on your mobile device. Visit for more information on DAA's AppChoices tool. Information collected via the data collection technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you such as location information and may be considered personal data. We and vendors may use the technologies described in this section, alone or in combination, to understand user behavior, target and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, help diagnose problems, recognize repeat visitors, and facilitate your access to and use of the Services. : Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals, and in general the signal has yet to gain widespread acceptance. As a result, we will not recognize requests coming through as DNT signals. Do Not Track : If you have previously subscribed to any of our marketing or newsletter communications with your email address, you have three options to opt-out of this correspondence as detailed below: Marketing and Newsletter Communications Withdraw consent from your account settings page which can be accessed on the Sites or by following the “Update My Preferences” button at the bottom of your emails Utilize the “Unsubscribe” button at the bottom of your emails Request a data delete from our Manage Data Rights page which will completely delete your account (see for more information) How We Share or Disclose Your Information with Vendors We may also share any information collected from the Services including aggregated or statistical data that we may generate from such information in the following ways: Data collected through your use of the Services may be shared with select that assist us with marketing or advertising campaigns for our brands, service providers that assist us with our business operations and provision of the Services, or delivering you the features and functionality that you have requested (""). These service providers include companies that support our advertising programs for our brands, provide data storage, support customer service, assist with audience research and product development, facilitate or deliver materials to you, and provide map content for the Services. See for information about service providers for The Weather Channel in-vehicle application. Service Providers At times, we will provide you with the opportunity to choose to receive promotions, products, or services from third-party sponsors. We also may provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from third parties through the Services. In these instances, you must explicitly consent to receive each offer. When you choose to receive offers from specific third parties, your information is shared with them to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested. We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties, and all information provided is governed by their privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of these third parties before supplying personal data to them. Companies Offering Promotions, Products, or Services Like many websites on the Internet and other Internet-based services, the Services may link to webpages located on websites or services maintained by various other entities. In some cases, you may navigate to pages of other websites that are framed with elements of the Services such as in the header or footer or an interactive ad. In that case, the URL or prominent text on the other website will identify the site you are visiting. In other cases, such as advertisements, you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities, including click-to-call, click-to-text, and click-to-email opportunities. These other sites and services are not bound by this Policy, and we are not responsible for their information collection practices. The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours, for example, with respect to the level of security, use of cookies, and collection, use and disclosure of personal data. Some of the Services allow users to interact with other websites or services. You may remain logged into those other sites and services until you log off. Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services, and not this Policy. Other Websites, Other Services, Plug-Ins and Links Some of the Services use third-party operating systems, platforms, communication services, devices, and software elements (such as mobile device operating systems, wireless services, mobile phone, and tablet devices), and some of the Services are provided by third-party distributors, device makers, device operators, platform operators, and communication services. We do not control these third-party entities, products, and services, and they may collect, use, process, transmit, and disclose your information. As we do not control these third-parties' data handling practices, we recommend that you review their privacy policies, terms of use, and license agreements (if any). We may share information we collect with , including those used by our advertisers, so that they can: (i) deliver and/or support the delivery of relevant content or ads on our Sites or Apps, advertisers’ websites or apps, or other third-party websites or apps; (ii) analyze and report on content or ads users see or interact with, and; (iii) improve their services. may also collect information via the technologies discussed in above or via interactive ads. The information may include data about how users interact with the Services, information users provide via interactive ads, the content and ads users have viewed, users' activities on other websites and online services, and physical places users have visited. See for information about advertising vendors for The Weather Channel in-vehicle application. We have partnered with several publishers and businesses to provide you with an option to bundle (“the Bundle”) their subscriptions through your registered account and/or on an offer page available on our Services. You will need to manage your account for the Bundle on our Services. By subscribing to the Bundle, you agree that certain account information (e.g., your e-mail address, name, and account status) will be provided to each Bundling Companion for purposes of assessing your eligibility for the Bundle, activating, administering, improving your experience with the Bundle and each Bundling Companion, and communicating confirmation that the Bundle has been activated. Any such account information received by the Bundling Companion will be subject to each Bundling Companion’s respective Policy and Terms of Use. Bundling Companions We continually look for ways to improve our business, including purchasing a business or selling all or part of our business. If we buy, merge, reorganize or sell any business or assets, personal data and non-personal information will likely be disclosed or transferred as part of the transaction. Purchase or Sale of Businesses As part of the Services, we may aggregate or otherwise alter information (including location information) that is collected from the Services so that it does not identify your device and cannot reasonably be linked to your device. We may use or share such information with third parties for research or commercial purposes (e.g., analyzing trends based on foot traffic). As explained in above, you can turn off the collection of location data through your device settings. Aggregated Information You may choose to contribute to the Weather Underground community and our Services by connecting your Personal Weather Station (PWS) and/or air quality sensor. If so, we will use this data in the Services, including to provide air quality and sensor data in our Services. You grant this consent during the registration process for your PWS or sensor. Personal Weather Station and Air Quality Data Other Limitations on Privacy We, our affiliates, or our service providers may disclose your data without your permission (i) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders or otherwise to comply with law; (ii) where we believe an individual's rights, property, or safety or security is at risk; (iii) if we find that your actions violate our (The Weather Channel in-vehicle app Terms of Use is available in the app settings) or any of our other legal rights; or (iv) where otherwise required or permitted by applicable law (which may include a lawful access request by U.S. or foreign courts, governments, or law enforcement agencies). Retention Period We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide and develop the Services. We will also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We may retain information that no longer identifies you indefinitely. Data Rights You can request to access, obtain a portable copy of, correct, or delete data related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity to enable us to respond to your request. Because we do not require users to register to use our Services, if you use more than one of our Services, or if you use our Services on more than one device or web browser, you may need to manage your data for each of the Services separately. However, if you have a registered account and are logged in to your account at the time of the request, we will be able to retrieve data related to your use of the Services while you were logged in and all other devices you have used while logged into your registered account. To manage your Data Rights on weather.com, click . To manage your Data Rights on wunderground.com, click . To manage your Data Rights on The Weather Channel, Weather Underground, and/or Storm Radar mobile apps, navigate to Data Rights in the app menu. To manage your Data Rights on The Weather Channel in-vehicle app, please email . Refer to for more information about your data rights with The Weather Channel in-vehicle app. Please note that following a deletion request, we will resume collecting personal data if you continue your use of the Services, and your personal data will also enable us to personalize the Services you visit and the ads that are placed on the Services. As permitted by law or to provide our Services, we do not delete data we use to: Complete transactions requiring data such as billing information or transaction histories; Respond to customer support inquiries; Detect and prevent security incidents, identify, and repair errors that impair functionality of our Services (e.g., log files, error diagnostics); and Comply with legal obligations. Note to registered users and subscribers: At this time, we cannot delete data directly associated with your account without deleting your account. If you wish to correct information related to your account or delete your account and all data associated with it, please click for weather.com and click for wunderground.com, then navigate to “Data Rights” in the app menu for our mobile apps. Please note, except for local data stored on your device(s), we associate to your account data from every device (including different browsers) you use to log into the Services. Performing a deletion request will delete data we have on all other devices you have used while logged into your registered account, and similarly, an access request will return data from all these same devices. In the event that you consider our processing of data related to your use of the Services not to be compliant with the applicable data protection laws, you can contact us at or lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority. If you are a California resident, you can contact us at . Minors' Privacy We are committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 18. We believe that children should get their parents' or guardians' consent before giving out any personal data. If you become aware that we have collected personal data from a child without parental consent, please notify us promptly at . If we become aware that a child under age 18 has provided us with personal data without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such personal data. International Transfers The Services are hosted on servers inside and outside the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, information that we collect (including through cookies) will be processed and stored in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen. Subject to applicable law, by using our Services and providing information to us, you consent to the transfer to and processing of information in the United States and other jurisdictions. Where necessary under applicable law, we may employ appropriate cross-border transfer methods governing personal data. Our Commitment to Security We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures intended to protect your data. Of course, we cannot guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted or that your data will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties. Any transmission of information is at your own risk. Changes to the Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change this Policy as business needs require. If we decide to change this Policy, we will post those changes here prior to the time they take effect. If we make material changes to the way we use personal data, we will notify affected users through the Services. How to Contact Us If you have a question related to this Policy, please contact us at or if you are a California resident, at , or if you are a user of The Weather Channel in-vehicle app, at , or at The Weather Company, an IBM Business Attn: Privacy Office 1001 Summit Boulevard, Floor 20 Brookhaven, GA, USA 30319 California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) Notice The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CPRA”) hereafter referred to as CCPA, provides users with certain rights regarding their personal information, including the right to access, delete, and/or correct your personal information as described in "Data Rights", and/or opt out of “sale” or “sharing” of personal information as described in this section. This section provides an overview of the information required by CCPA and how to exercise your CCPA rights if you are a California resident. {C}%3C!%2D%2D%20CCPA%20ordered%20list%20A%20Data%20Rights%20%2D%2D%3E Disclosures about the use of your personal information As described in of this Policy, we collect and use certain information, some of which may be considered personal information, in order to operate the Services and to maximize your experience. The list below includes the categories of personal information that we have collected in the past twelve months from you, collected or derived from your use of the Services, or information we received from our and : Identifiers such as a name or email address; Personal information described in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e), such as credit card information (only if you have registered an account with us and/or purchased a subscription offering); Credit card number in combination with any required credentials (only if you purchased a subscription offering); Commercial information relating to your use of the Services; Internet or other electronic network activity information relating to your use of the Services; Geolocation data; Precise geolocation data; and Inferences drawn from the use of the Services. We collect personal information in order to: Facilitate your access to and use of the Services, including personalizing the Services, features and content; Analyze and measure how you use the Services; Deliver personalized advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements; Manage Services’ operations; Help diagnose technical problems; Recognize repeat visitors; Provide location-based services (see above for further details); and Provide alerts and notifications. of this Policy describes how we share or disclose your information with vendors. In the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information as defined by the CCPA for our business purposes to our , , and Identifiers such as an online identifier or IP address; Geolocation data; and Precise geolocation data. We have disclosed the above categories of personal information for the following purposes: Facilitate your access to and use of the Services, including personalizing the Services, features, and content; In addition, in the past twelve months, to deliver personalized content and marketing communications, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to our : Identifiers such as first name or email; and If you have registered an account with us and/or purchased a subscription offering, in order to provide you with the registered account and/or paid subscription, in the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to our . Personal information described in Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.80(e), such as credit card information; and Credit card number in combination with any required credentials. The CCPA defines the terms “sell” and “sale” broadly to include the sharing of personal information with third parties for something of value, even if no money is exchanged. We do not sell users’ personal information as the term “sell” is commonly understood (i.e., for monetary consideration). However, we do allow to use your personal information for certain purposes in addition to providing and improving advertising services for our Apps and Sites, including cross-context behavioral or targeted advertising (described in of this Policy), which is considered a “sale” or “sharing” under CCPA. Users may opt out of these as described below. In the past twelve months, to deliver personalized advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, we have sold or shared the following categories of personal information as defined by the CCPA to our : Inferences. Information on how you can opt out of the sale to or sharing of your information with these vendors for purposes beyond the advertising services they provide us is provided below ( “Opt out of sale or sharing of your personal information”). You also can opt out of the sale or sharing of your information for personalized advertising through the available web- and app-related opt-outs listed above in . As described in , we may also use or disclose to specific data vendors your precise geolocation data, which is considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA, to create zip code-level audience segments based on your preferences and characteristics. Information on how you can limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information is provided below ( “Limit Use of your sensitive personal information”). As described in of this Policy, we do not knowingly sell or share personal information from children under 16 years of age. Some data vendors may control the collection of personal information on the Sites and on our Services. Our provides more details. {C}%3C!%2D%2D%20CCPA%20ordered%20list%20B%20Data%20Rights%20%2D%2D%3E Under the CCPA, you have the right to: You can request information about the personal information collected from your use of the Services. You will need to provide your email address so we can return the requested data to you. Please note that you must make the request from each browser or device where you access the Services, unless you are logged in to your registered account at the time of the request. Know your personal information To request specific pieces of information on weather.com click and on wunderground.com click . Then select “Request a Portable Copy of Data” from the options. To request specific pieces of information on the iOS or Android mobile apps, navigate to “Data Rights” in the app menu and select “Request a Portable Copy of Data” from the options. To request specific pieces of information on The Weather Channel in-vehicle app, please email us at . Alternatively, you may email for further instructions. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before you can make a request to know your personal information. We may leverage your device’s security settings, require you to reauthenticate with your log in credentials if you are a logged in registered user, or provide us with your email address or a signed declaration with your device identifiers. You can request that we delete the personal information that we have collected from your use of the Services. You will need to provide your email address so we can confirm to you that we have fulfilled your request, unless you are logged in to your registered account at the time of the request. Please note that you must make the request from each browser or device where you access the Services, unless you are logged in to your registered account at the time of the request. We will delete your information unless it is necessary for purposes permitted by CCPA. Delete your personal information To make a deletion request on weather.com click and on wunderground.com click . Then select “Delete Data” from the options. To make a deletion request on the iOS or Android mobile apps, navigate to “Data Rights” in the app menu and select “Delete Data” from the options. To delete your searched locations on The Weather Channel in-vehicle app, which are stored in local storage, please use the “Clear” button on the search page. Please note that following a deletion request, we will resume collecting personal information if you continue your use of the Services, and your personal information will also enable us to personalize the Services you visit and the ads that are placed on the Services. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before you can make a request to delete your personal information and may require you to reauthenticate using your log in credentials if you are a logged in registered user, or a signed declaration with your device identifiers. You can update certain inaccurate information related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. Correct your inaccurate personal information For instructions on how to correct certain inaccurate data on weather.com click and on wunderground.com click . Then select “How to Correct Data” from the options. For instructions on how to correct certain inaccurate data on our iOS or Android mobile apps, navigate to “Data Rights” in the app menu and select “How to Correct Data” from the options. If you would like to make further corrections, you can request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we have collected from your use of the Services. You may email for further instructions. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before you can make a request to correct your inaccurate personal information and may require a signed declaration with your device identifiers to correct certain data elements. You will be opted in by default to the sale or sharing of personal information. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information at any time in the following ways. If you are a registered user, your opt out selection will be associated to your registered account and will follow you across devices when logged in. If you do not have an account or are using the Services without logging into your account, you will have to opt out from each browser or device where you access the Services. Opt out of sale or sharing of your personal information Please note that if you are traveling outside of California within the U.S., you may see the option to “Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and the Sale of My Personal Data” displayed instead of “Do Not Sell or Share My personal information.” While we use different wording outside of California within the U.S., functionalities remain the same so opting out of targeted advertising and the sale of personal data will also opt you out of sale or sharing of personal information. Web You can access the "Do Not Sell or Share My personal information" link in the footer of the Site, if you are located in California when you access the Services. You can access the "Review All Privacy and Ad Settings" link in the footer of the Site, if you are located in the U.S. outside of California when you access the Services. Click to be taken directly to the Privacy Settings page for your current location on weather.com. Click to be taken directly to the Privacy Settings page for your current location on wunderground.com. Alternatively, you may use Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) browser signals to opt out if you are located in the U.S. Mobile App You can navigate to “Privacy Settings” in the app menu then select “Do Not Sell or Share My personal information (Opt Out)” under “California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Right to Opt Out,” if you are located in California when you access the Services. You can navigate to "Privacy Settings" in the app menu then select “Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and the Sale of My Personal Data (Opt Out)” under “Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and the Sale of Personal Data,” if you are located in the U.S. outside of California when you access the Services. Click to be taken directly to “Privacy Settings” for each mobile app and your current location. You must view this Policy and click the hyperlink above while within each app; your “Privacy Settings” selections will not be associated with your use of the app if the hyperlink is clicked outside of the app. Please be sure the app is updated to the latest version, as this link may not display or function on older versions of the app (the link will display and function on the following app versions and later: The Weather Channel iOS app v12.40, The Weather Channel Android app v10.66, Storm Radar iOS app v.3.17, Weather Underground iOS app v3.18, Weather Underground Android app v6.16). We recognize and honor Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) on the Sites when you are located in the U.S. When GPC is enabled on a supported browser, we will treat it as an opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information preference signal. The GPC signal will apply to your browser and will take precedence over any previously provided consent choice on the Sites or our Services. If you have a registered account, the GPC enabled signal will be associated to your account as an “opted-out” selection and will follow you across devices when logged in to your account. Users with an ad-free subscription will automatically be opted out of the sale or sharing of personal information. The Storm Radar mobile app, the Weather Underground mobile app and The Weather Channel in-vehicle app do not process precise geolocation data to create such audience segments based on your preferences and characteristics. Therefore, the right to limit the use of Sensitive personal information is not offered to Storm Radar mobile app users or The Weather Channel in-vehicle app users. As described in , we may also use or disclose to specific data vendors your precise geolocation data, which is considered sensitive personal information under the CCPA, to create zip code-level audience segments based on your preferences and characteristics. To the extent that this precise geolocation data is made available to us, you will be opted in by default to the use of your sensitive personal information. You can choose to opt out and limit the use of your sensitive personal information at any time in the following ways. If you are a registered user, your opt out selection will be associated to your registered account and will follow you across devices when logged in. If you do not have an account or are using the Services without logging into your account, you will have to opt out from each device you use to access the Services. Limit Use of your Sensitive personal information. We will only use your precise geolocation data if you agreed to share it on our The Weather Channel mobile app, and we therefore offer you the right to limit such use on weather.com only if you are a logged in registered user. You can access the "Limit the Use of My Sensitive personal information" link in the footer of weather.com if you are located in California when you access the Services. You may email if you are not located in California when you access the Services. Click to be taken directly to the Privacy Settings page for your current location. You can navigate to “Privacy Settings” in the app menu then select “Limit the Use of My Sensitive personal information (Opt Out)” under “California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Right to Limit,” if you are located in California when you access the Services. Click to be taken directly to “Privacy Settings” for each mobile App and your current location. You must view this Policy and click the hyperlink above while within each app; your “Privacy Settings” selections will not be associated with your use of the app if the hyperlink is clicked outside of the app. Please be sure the app is updated to the latest version, as this link may not display or function on older versions of the app (the link will display and function on the following app versions and later: The Weather Channel iOS app v12.40, The Weather Channel Android app v10.66). The Weather Underground services, Storm Radar mobile app, and The Weather Channel in-vehicle app do not process precise geolocation data to create audience segments based on your preferences and characteristics, therefore, the right to limit the use of Sensitive personal information is not offered for these Services. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, we will not deny goods or services to you or provide different quality of services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data. Non-discrimination You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf. Authorized agents may email for further instructions. Users of and authorized agents of users of The Weather Channel in-vehicle app may email for further instructions. To protect your information, please note that we may take steps to verify your identity and we will also ask for signed permission from you authorizing the authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Authorized Agent {C}%3C!%2D%2D%20CCPA%20ordered%20list%20C%20Data%20Rights%20Metrics%20%2D%2D%3E Data Rights Metrics The California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations (“Regulations”) require certain disclosures around the number of requests related to the right to know personal information, the right to delete Personal Information, and the right to opt out of the sale of personal information. This section provides metrics of requests from users located in California made between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022. Number of requests to know: Received: 1,054 total requests Complied with in whole or in part: 1,040 requests Denied (because these requests could not be verified): 14 requests Mean response time: 12 days Number of requests to delete: Received: 17,133 total requests Complied with in whole or in part: 17,133 requests Denied: 0 requests Mean response time: 21 days Number of requests to opt-out: Received: 2,704,581 total requests Complied with in whole or in part: 2,704,581 requests Mean response time: <1 day The total number of opt out requests includes California users: Who opted out via the Privacy Settings page on weather.com and our mobile apps Who visited weather.com with Global Privacy Control ("GPC") enabled on web browsers We also opt out any California user who visits weather.com with a web browser set to block all cookies; while we treat such users as opted-out users, these are not counted, not included in our number of requests to opt out. You may email for questions or concerns about this Policy and our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, sale, sharing, and retention of personal information. Our U.S. Policy was last updated December 1, 2023. U.S. State Data Privacy Laws Notice Virginia Consumer Privacy Act (“VCDPA”), effective January 1, 2023 Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”), effective July 1, 2023 Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CTDPA”), effective July 1, 2023 Please note that state laws vary, and additional states are actively passing consumer data privacy laws, and we will continue to update our disclosures, processes and this notice as the laws and rules are finalized. As described in of this Policy, we collect and use certain information, some of which may be considered personal information, in order to operate the Services and to maximize your experience. Please see below for a summary of our privacy practices in the U.S. Opt Out Certain state data privacy laws define the terms “sell” and “sale” broadly to include the sharing of personal data for valuable consideration, even if money is not exchanged. We do not sell users’ personal data as the term “sell” is commonly understood (i.e., for monetary consideration). However, we do allow to use your personal data for certain purposes other than providing and improving advertising services for our Apps and Sites (described in of this Policy), which is considered a “sale” under certain state data privacy laws. This is the only way that we “sell” personal data. Certain state data privacy laws define targeted advertising as displaying advertisements to a specific audience based on preferences or interests. We allow some to use your personal information for certain purposes other than providing and improving advertising services for our Apps and Sites (described in ), which is considered targeted advertising under certain state data privacy laws. Please note that if you are traveling within the U.S., you may see different combinations for options to “Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and the Sale of My Personal Data” and “Do Not Sell or Share My personal information.” While we use different wording in certain states within the U.S., functionalities remain the same so opting out of targeted advertising will also opt you out of the sale or sharing of personal information. We recognize and honor Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) on the Sites when you are located in the U.S. When GPC is enabled on a supported browser, we will treat it as an “Do Not Sell or Share My personal information” preference signal (for California residents, See ) or as an “Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and the Sale of My Personal Data” preference signal (for non-California U.S. residents). The GPC signal will apply to your browser and will take precedence over any previously provided consent choice on the Sites or our Services. If you have a registered account, the GPC enabled signal will be associated to your account as an “opted-out” selection and will follow you across devices when logged in to your account. See below for links that can be used to exercise your right to opt out on our Privacy Settings screen: Users with an ad-free subscription will automatically be opted out of targeted advertising and/or the sale or sharing of personal information. Other Data Rights of this Policy describes the Data Rights we offer to all users and how to execute these rights. This includes the right to access your data, obtain a portable copy of your data, correct data, or delete data related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. We may require information to authenticate your identity. Additionally, if the processing of your personal data is subject to the VCDPA, CPA, or CTDPA, the following additional rights are granted: Correct Inaccuracies in your Personal Data. Web: App: Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut residents may email for further instructions or if you would like to make additional corrections to inaccurate data. Confirm whether your Personal Data is being Processed. As described in of this Policy, you may confirm whether your personal data is being processed by submitting a right to obtain a portable copy of your data request. Alternatively, you may email us at . Appeal a Case with regard to your Request. In the case where we declined to take action on your data rights request or have rejected your request, you may contact us at within 45 days after we notify you of a rejected request, to initiate an appeal of this decision. Once we receive your appeal, we will notify you in writing within 45 days of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may contact the office of the Virginia Attorney General at , the Colorado Attorney General at , and the Connecticut Attorney General at . Non-discrimination. If you choose to exercise any of these rights, we will not deny goods or services to you or provide different quality of services, unless that difference is reasonably related to the value provided by your data. Authorized Agent. Colorado and Connecticut residents can designate an authorized agent to submit an opt out request under the CPA or CTDPA on your behalf. Users and authorized agents may email for further instructions. Users of and authorized agents of users of The Weather Channel in-vehicle app may email for further instructions. To protect your information, please note that we may take steps to verify your identity and will also ask for signed permission from you authorizing the authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Sensitive Personal Data As described in , we may also use or disclose sensitive data to certain data vendors with your consent. At this time, the only sensitive personal data we collect is precise geolocation data. Some data vendors may control the collection of personal data on this Site and on our Services. Our Data Vendors provides more details. Profiling Please note that we do not process personal data for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. De-identified Data We possess de-identified data. De-identified data cannot reasonably be used to infer information about, or otherwise be linked to, an identified or identifiable consumer, or a device linked to such person. We commit to maintain and use any de-identified data without attempting to reidentify de-identified data. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Notice Please note that for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR"), the data controller is TWC Product and Technology, LLC, doing business as The Weather Company, an IBM Business, which may be contacted at the email or address listed in . The data controller's legal representative for the European Economic Area (EEA) is IBM International Group B.V., Johan Huizingalaan 765, 1066 VH Amsterdam, The Netherlands; the representative for the United Kingdom is IBM United Kingdom Limited, PO Box 41, North Harbour, Portsmouth, Hampshire, PO6 3AU, United Kingdom. The relevant Data Protection Officer may be contacted at . Please be aware that where GDPR applies you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority. The name and contact details of the Data Protection Authorities in the European Union can be found . : Where GDPR applies, we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 16 (or such lower age permitted under applicable local law not being lower than age 13). European Union Minors' Privacy : If you are located where GDPR applies, information that we collect (including through cookies) will be processed and stored in the United States. The appropriate cross-border transfer method governing personal data included in such transfers is the EU Standard Contractual Clauses agreement pursuant to EC Decision 2010/87/EU. Intra-company international data transfers are governed via and/or Intra-Company Agreements (ICAs). International Transfer : Our processing of your personal data in order to provide you with the Services will typically be based on one of the following processing bases: (i) because you have provided us with your specific, informed, freely-given, and unambiguous consent, (ii) because we need to process it in order to provide you with the Services or a particular feature of the Services; that is, because we cannot readily fulfil your request without performing the relevant processing, or (iii) because the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued either by us or by a third party and such legitimate interests are not overridden by your privacy and related rights as an individual. Our legitimate interests include the provision of market-leading weather-related products and services, including the Services. Processing Basis Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD) Notice The Lei 13.709/ 2018 (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais, “LGPD”) requires certain disclosures that already are covered in this Policy. In addition, please note that for the purposes of LGPD, the data controller is TWC Product and Technology, LLC, doing business as The Weather Company, an IBM Business, which may be contacted at the email or address listed in . The relevant Data Protection Officer may be contacted at . Under LGPD, you can request to access your personal data, receive confirmation of the existence of processing and be able to request to receive confirmation about the private and public entities with whom the controller shares the data, and obtain a portable copy of your data. These rights will be fulfilled when you choose to Request a Portable Copy of Data. You also have the right to object to the processing when data is processed unlawfully and to request correction, anonymization, blocking and deletion of unnecessary, excessive data or data processed unlawfully related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. These rights will be fulfilled when you choose to Delete Data. You can exercise your data rights on weather.com by clicking , on wunderground.com by clicking , and on the iOS or Android mobile apps by navigating to “Data Rights” in the app menu. Please note that you must make any Data Rights requests from each browser or device where you access the Services. To exercise your rights from The Weather Channel in-vehicle app, please email . Refer to for more information about The Weather Channel in-vehicle app and data rights. Data Rights: : If you are located where LGPD applies, information that we collect (including through cookies) will be processed and stored in the United States. The appropriate cross-border transfer method governing personal data included in such transfers is the EU Standard Contractual Clauses agreement pursuant to EC Decision 2010/87/EU. Intra-company international data transfers are governed via and/or Intra-Company Agreements (ICAs). : Our processing of your personal data in order to provide you with the Services will typically be based on one of the following processing bases (pursuant to Article 7 LGPD): Because you have provided us with your specific, informed, freely-given, and unambiguous ; or consent Because the processing is necessary for the purposes of the pursued either by us or by a third party and such legitimate interests are not overridden by your privacy and related rights as an individual. Our legitimate interests include the provision of market-leading weather-related products and services, including the Services. legitimate interests Additional Disclosures for Korean Users TWC will retain and use personal information as necessary to provide the Services, to comply with legal responsibilities, to resolve disputes, and to perform contracts, in accordance with applicable law. TWC will not store your personal information for more than three (3) years from the date of your last interaction with the Services, unless required by applicable law. We may retain information that no longer identifies you indefinitely. Personal information processed in connection with the submission of your feedback on the Services will be retained for three (3) years after the resolution of your inquiry. Destruction Destruction Procedures The Company will identify the personal information to which cause of destruction has occurred and delete such information without delay. Destruction Method Personal information in the form of electronic files will be destroyed using technical means that make the information unrecoverable. Personal information recorded or stored on paper will be destroyed through shredding or incineration. Overseas Transfer We may share data with the following third-party service providers outside of Korea as described below. The Weather Channel In-Vehicle Application As described in the relevant sections throughout this Policy, certain data collection practices and uses, and features of the Services, do not apply to The Weather Channel in-vehicle app. For your ease in reference, these are further described here. Non-Applicable References The Weather Channel in-vehicle app does not contain targeted advertisements. Additionally, the in-vehicle app does not offer registered accounts. Data Rights To submit an access or portability request, please contact us at . Right to delete data: As permitted by law or to provide our Services, we do not delete data we use to: To delete the searched locations, which use local storage (see ), please use the “clear” button on the search page. This data will also be deleted if you delete the Services. Right to correct inaccurate data: As data collected by the Services is generally limited to location data (local storage), customer support inquiries, and data required to provide and support the Services, including analyze/measure use of the Services (See ), this data would not usually be considered inaccurate. If you believe we have collected inaccurate personal information, please contact us at . The Weather Channel in-vehicle application does not: Sell or share personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration; Contain targeted advertising; Use location data for purposes other than providing the Services or analyzing/measuring how you use the Services; or Profile in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. In the event that you consider our processing of data related to your use of the Services not to be compliant with the applicable data protection laws, you can contact us at or lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority. Service Providers and Vendors Your data may be shared with service providers and vendors, as follows: The Analytics Vendor for The Weather Channel in-vehicle app is: Amplitude The Technology Vendors for The Weather Channel in-vehicle app are: Akamai, Mapbox, Salesforce, AWS The Advertising Vendor for The Weather Channel in-vehicle app is: Google Ad Manager. Advertisers may also identify their additional vendors. Previous Version of this Privacy Policy Thank you for using our Services. This Privacy Policy went into effect on June 30, 2023. TWC Product and Technology, LLC, doing business as The Weather Company, an IBM Business (sometimes, "we" or "us"), is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is important, and we encourage you to carefully read it. This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect, use, and share data that we gather related to your interaction with this website (the "Site") and on our software applications, mobile applications, in-vehicle application, and other websites and services that reference or link to this Privacy Policy (together, the "Services"). The Services do not include websites, mobile applications, or other services that link to another privacy policy. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices you have regarding our use of your data and your ability to access, correct, or delete your data. By using the Services, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and agree to the data collection, use, and sharing described in this Privacy Policy. We may seek your consent by other means such as by asking you to click on a button or to change a setting. Where we do so, we will also offer you a way to revoke your consent. Please note that this is a global Privacy Policy describing our privacy practices across our supported countries; however, based on your geographic location, some sections may not be applicable to your use of the Services. For location specific notices see Sections 12-16. For users of our applications, please ensure you keep both your device operating system (“OS”) and our application up to date in order to enable the privacy controls described below. We may collect and use information, some of which may be considered personal data, in order to operate the Services and to maximize your experience, including to: Provide location-based services (see below for further details); and You may choose not to provide us with certain information; by doing so, however, you may not be able to receive the full range of Services from us. We collect information in the following ways: . When you choose to register an account, you will be required to provide your email address and first name. Your email address will be used for marketing communication and newsletter distribution with your consent. At the time of registration, you may choose to provide us with optional data. If you choose to purchase a subscription offering, you will be required to provide information to complete the purchase, such as credit card information. User Account Registration and Subscription You may choose to provide us with information, some of which may be personal data, when you interact with the Services in the following ways: Information Provided by You. Send us an email message or complete an inquiry form — for example, you might email us for customer support (see ) or to initiate a data rights request (see ), and we will only use your email address to respond; Submit a comment, leave feedback, or send us a photo or video — for example, you might submit a photo of a weather event that we may post on the Services for others to enjoy; Special Note about Content Submissions. The Services may, from time to time, offer options for you and other users to post or otherwise submit information, photos, videos, graphics, creative suggestions, ideas, notes, concepts, information, ratings, or other materials on or to the Services (collectively, "Submissions"). Any information in your Submissions, including geolocation information, personal data, tags, or other metadata may become publicly available and can be read, collected, or used by others. We cannot control and are not responsible for how others may use the information contained in your Submissions. You may delete certain data, including metadata, from your Submissions prior to providing them to the Services. Interact with the Services — we may collect information you provide when you interact with content available on our Services; for example, you might set a “home” location so that every time you visit the Services, you are automatically displayed the weather for that home location, or you may choose to interact with optional polls or surveys, or you may choose to search for a location; and we may use that information to personalize the Services you visit, analyze and measure how you use the Services, deliver personalized advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements; and Engage with interactive advertising — we may receive the information you provide when you submit oral or written questions or comments via the interactive ads that are placed on the Services or on third-party platforms; and we may share this information with our advertisers where required by applicable law. Exercise a data subject rights request – to enable us to verify your identity and respond to your request, we may request additional information such as name and address. We also collect certain information through automated means. Some of the information we collect through automated means may, whether alone or combined with other data, be personal data. For example, we automatically collect: Automatic Collection. Information about your device and device capabilities; Information about your device operating system; Information about your browser; Information about how you use and interact with the Services; Your activities on the Services; IP address; Advertising identifiers; Mobile or Internet Carrier; Browser type; Browser identifier; and Referring URL. We may collect location information to provide you with location-based services (such as severe weather alerts, air quality, and other weather information), and conduct analytics to improve the Services. We may also use the collected location information to show you content (including advertisements) that are relevant to your geographic location. The type of location information we collect depends on your settings in the device you use to access the Services. Location Information. – If you are accessing the Services through the Site, including via your mobile web browser, we may detect your general location based on your device’s IP address information, so that we can automatically show you the weather for your approximated area. Depending on browser type and configuration, your browser may inform you that the Site would like to collect your specific location and request your permission to do so. Specific location may consist of the precise geographic location. If the collection is allowed on mobile web, it may be derived from the Global Positioning System (GPS). If you do not consent to the collection of specific location, or if your browser blocks the collection by default, then only your general location information is collected and may be stored locally on your device. You can always manually enter a location (such as city, postal code, and country). If you opt out of sharing your current location, you may continue to receive content, including advertisements, that is contextual to the latest location you searched (i.e., “contextual location”). - If you access the Services on your mobile device or automotive infotainment system and consent to sharing location information with our application, we may directly collect precise geographic location information and sensor data via Global Positioning System (GPS), cellular network information, and other location-based features. We typically receive the latitude and longitude of your device, as well as date and time and sensor data such as altimeter or information about the vehicle. Factors such as device and operating system determine the accuracy of this latitude and longitude and how closely it corresponds with your device’s location. If you allow any of The Weather Channel mobile applications or The Weather Channel in-vehicle application to directly collect location information while the application is running in the background, you will enable continuous location collection. This may allow us to send you severe weather alerts for the area in which you might be traveling, in addition to other Services. You can turn off direct location collection (or, on some operating systems, continuous direct location collection) through your device settings or by deleting the application from your device. If you turn off location-based services, you may continue using the Services by manually entering a location into the search bar. When you disable direct location collection, you may continue to receive select alerts and advertisements based on your contextual location. Contextual location for the mobile apps or in-vehicle app is an approximated location derived from the latest location stored by the Services, (last searched location), prior to turning off direct location collection. Mobile App/In-Vehicle App Use of Location Information - Our service providers, and (see for more information) may also collect location information through the Services. We may share the location information we collect with third parties as addressed in . Refer to The Weather Channel In- Vehicle Application for more information about vendor use of location data for the in-vehicle application. Certain Services offer you the ability to receive push notifications (or in-vehicle app notifications) for weather-related or product updates, news stories, and special offers. To provide these Services, we may need to collect your device/browser information and/or mobile carrier information, in addition to the postcode or geographic area to which the alert, update, or notification pertains, including location information shared with the in-vehicle application (either precise location or contextual/searched location). Alerts and Notifications. If you no longer wish to receive these types of notifications, you may opt out by turning them off within the settings of your device/browser, in-vehicle application, or the particular Service for which you registered, or by deleting the application. Where legally permissible, we may obtain information about you or your use of the Services from (see for more information) and advertisers. We may combine the information you provide us and information we automatically collect with information from public or third-party sources. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal data that we collect through the Services, we will treat the combined information as personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We work with a variety of advertising services that use various technologies to collect data about your use of the Services (such as content viewed or ads clicked on) on our behalf or on behalf of advertisers () in order to serve relevant ads. use various technologies on the Services to (among other purposes): track how the Services are used, what pages or content users interact with, and what sites or mobile applications users interact with after they leave the Services; link users' devices (i.e., cross-device or cross-platform tracking); and serve more relevant ads on and within the Services or other websites or mobile applications that you visit. may combine this data with other information they may have obtained from you or from other sources that is unrelated to your use of the Services in order to target and measure the effectiveness of advertisements. More information about this type of advertising that is tailored to your likely interests based on your activities across other apps or websites (“personalized advertising”) is available from the . We also work with certain entities that use data collection technologies to track, analyze, and report data about the use of the Services and to analyze and optimize the performance of the Services (). We and our may collect information about usage of mobile applications via advertising identifiers to support or deliver personalized advertising. An advertising identifier is a randomly-generated alphanumeric code associated with a user's device. Advertising identifiers provide advertisers a way to identify a user's device without using a permanent device identifier, such as serial number. : This Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of vendors outside of our Services and we do not control vendors’ technologies. We provide links to more information about vendors’ privacy practices and any available opt outs . : The Android and iOS versions 6 to 13 mobile device operating systems allow you to control how your device’s advertising identifier is used to support or deliver personalized advertising. The iOS versions 14 and above mobile device operating systems allow you to control use of the advertising identifier and “tracking;” learn about tracking from Apple at Settings > Privacy > Tracking > Learn More The opt outs described above are device- or browser-specific and may not be available for all devices. So, if you opt out on your mobile device, you may continue to receive personalized advertising on your desktop computer or other devices. If you choose to opt out, you will still see ads, but the ads will not be based on your activities across other apps and websites you use. The automotive in-vehicle infotainment system (device) includes permissions for location data and notifications. The Weather Channel in-vehicle application does not provide advertising. Refer to for more information about The Weather Channel in-vehicle application. You can also opt out of future information collection from the Services by adjusting the settings on your device, ceasing use of the Service on web, or un-installing the relevant application. : Some industry organizations offer centralized tools where you can opt out of the use of your data by multiple vendors at once. For more information about Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) opt-out tools to assist you in managing choices for participating companies that use cookies, visit the following sites: Also, the DAA offers AppChoices, a separate choice tool for users to exercise control over the collection and use of data through mobile applications for personalized advertising and other related uses. To exercise choice for participating companies, you can install the DAA's AppChoices application on your mobile device. Visit for more information on DAA's AppChoices tool. Withdraw consent from your account settings page which can be accessed on the Site or by following the “update my preferences” button at the bottom of your emails Utilize the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of your emails When your data is collected on the Services, it may be shared with select that assist us with marketing or advertising campaigns for our brands, and providers of services that assist us with our business operations, with the provision of the Services, or in delivering you the features and functionality that you have requested ("Technology Vendors"). These service providers include companies that support our advertising programs for our brands, provide data storage, support customer service, assist with audience research and product development, facilitate, or deliver materials to you, and provide map content for the Services. Our service providers are authorized to use the data that we provide to them only to carry out and improve the service they are providing for us. All such service providers are contractually bound by us to keep the data confidential. See for information about service providers for The Weather Channel in-vehicle application. Service Providers. At times, we will provide you with the opportunity to choose to receive promotions, products, or services from third-party sponsors. We also may provide you with the opportunity to receive products and services directly from specifically identified third parties through the Services. In these instances, you must explicitly consent to receive each offer. When you choose to receive offers from specific third parties, your information is shared with them to enable them to provide you with the offer you have requested. We are not responsible for the information collection practices of these third parties, and all information provided is governed by their privacy policies. You should review the privacy policies of these third parties before supplying personal data to them. Companies Offering Promotions, Products, or Services. Like many websites on the Internet and other Internet-based services, the Services may link to webpages located on websites or services maintained by various other entities. In some cases, you may navigate to pages of other websites that are framed with elements of the Services such as in the header or footer or an interactive ad. In that case, the URL or prominent text on the other website will identify the site you are visiting. In other cases, such as advertisements, you will be connecting to another site or service when you click on or otherwise activate those opportunities, including click-to-call, click-to-text, and click-to-email opportunities. These other sites and services are not bound by this Privacy Policy, and we are not responsible for their information collection practices. The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours, for example, with respect to the level of security, use of cookies, and collection, use and disclosure of personal data. Some of the Services allow users to interact with other websites or services. You may remain logged into those other sites and services until you log off. Your use of those other sites and services is subject to the privacy policies of those sites and services, and not this Privacy Policy. Other Websites, Other Services, Plug-Ins and Links. We may share information we collect with Advertising Vendors, including those used by our advertisers, so that they can: (i) deliver and/or support the delivery of relevant content or ads on our websites or apps, advertisers’ websites or apps, or other third-party websites or apps; (ii) analyze and report on content or ads users see or interact with, and; (iii) improve their services. may also collect information via the technologies discussed in above or via interactive ads. The information may include data about how users interact with the Services, information users provide via interactive ads, the content and ads users have viewed, users' activities on other websites and online services, and physical places users have visited. . We have partnered with several publishers and businesses to provide you with an option to bundle (“the Bundle”) their subscriptions through your registered account and/or on an offer page available on our Services. You will need to manage your account for the Bundle on our Services. By subscribing to the Bundle, you agree that certain account information (e.g., your e-mail address, name, and account status) will be provided to each Bundling Companion for purposes of assessing your eligibility for the Bundle, activating, administering, improving your experience with the Bundle and each Bundling Companion, and communicating confirmation that the Bundle has been activated. Any such account information received by the Bundling Companion will be subject to each Bundling Companion’s respective Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Bundling Companions. Purchase or Sale of Businesses. Aggregated Information. We, our affiliates, or our service providers may disclose your data without your permission (i) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders or otherwise to comply with law; (ii) where we believe an individual's rights, property, or safety or security is at risk; (iii) if we find that your actions violate our (available in application settings for The Weather Channel in-vehicle application) or any of our other legal rights; or (iv) where otherwise required or permitted by applicable law (which may include a lawful access request by U.S. or foreign courts, governments, or law enforcement agencies). Because we do not require users to register in order to use our Services, if you use more than one of our Services, or if you use our Services on more than one device or web browser, you will need to manage your data for each of the Services separately. If you have a registered account and are logged in to your account at the time of the request, we will be able to retrieve data related to your use of the Services while you were logged in and all other devices you have used while logged into your registered account. To manage your Data Rights on The Weather Channel iOS or Android mobile application or Storm Radar mobile application, navigate to Data Rights in the app menu. To manage your Data Rights on The Weather Channel in-vehicle application, please email . Refer to for more information about your data rights with The Weather Channel in-vehicle application. Note to registered users and subscribers: At this time, we cannot delete data directly associated with your account without deleting your account. If you wish to correct information related to your account or delete your account and all data associated with it, please click . Please note we associate to your account every device (including different browsers) you log into with the sole exception of local data stored on your devices. Performing a deletion request will delete data we have on all other devices you have used while logged into your registered account, and similarly, an access request will return data from all these same devices. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy as business needs require. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here prior to the time they take effect. If we make material changes to the way we use personal data, we will notify affected users through the Services. If you have a question related to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at or if you are a California resident, at , or if you are a user of The Weather Channel in-vehicle application, at , or at: The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 ("CPRA”) hereafter referred to as CPRA, requires certain disclosures that are covered above in this Privacy Policy. This section provides an overview of the information required by CPRA and how to exercise your CPRA rights if you are a California resident. Disclosures about the use of your Personal Information As described in of this Privacy Policy, we collect and use certain information, some of which may be considered Personal Information, in order to operate the Services and to maximize your experience. The list below includes the categories of Personal Information that we have collected in the past twelve months from you, collected or derived from your use of the Services, or information we received from our and : We collect Personal Information in order to: of this Privacy Policy describes how we share or disclose your information with vendors. In the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information as defined by the CPRA for our business purposes to our , , and We have disclosed the above categories of Personal Information for the following purposes: In addition, in the past twelve months, to deliver personalized content and marketing communications, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information as defined by the CPRA for our business purposes to our : Note that if you have registered an account with us and/or purchased a subscription offering, in order to provide you with the registered account and/or paid subscription, in the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of Personal Information as defined by the CPRA for our business purposes to our . The CPRA defines the terms “sell” and “sale” broadly to include the sharing of Personal Information with third parties for something of value, even if no money is exchanged. We do not sell users’ Personal Information as the term “sell” is commonly understood (i.e., for monetary consideration). However, we do allow to use your Personal Information for certain purposes other than providing and improving advertising services for our apps and websites (described in of this Privacy Policy), which is considered a sale under CPRA. This is the only way that we sell Personal Information under the CPRA, and we do not engage in any other sales of Personal Information under the CPRA. The CPRA also defines “share” and “sharing” to specifically mean the sharing of Personal Information with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising. In the past twelve months, to deliver personalized advertising and measure the effectiveness of advertisements, we have sold or shared the following categories of Personal Information as defined by the CPRA to our : Information on how you can opt out of the sale to or sharing of your information with these vendors for purposes beyond the advertising services they provide us is provided below ( “Opt out of sale or sharing of your Personal Information”). You also can opt out of the sale or sharing of your information for personalized advertising through the available web- and app-related opt-outs listed above in . As described in ., we may also use or disclose to specific data vendors your precise geolocation data, which is considered Sensitive Personal Information under the CPRA, to create zip code-level audience segments based on your preferences and characteristics. Information on how you can limit the use or disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information is provided below ( “Limit Use of your Sensitive Personal Information”). As described in of this Privacy Policy, we do not knowingly sell or share Personal Information from children under 16 years of age. Some data vendors may control the collection of Personal Information on this Site and on our Services. Our Data Vendors page () provides more details. Under the CPRA, you have the right to: You can request information about the Personal Information collected from your use of the Services. You will need to provide your email address so we can return the requested data to you. Please note that you must make the request from each browser or device where you access the Services, unless you are logged in to your registered account at the time of the request. To request specific pieces of information on weather.com, click and select “Request a Portable Copy of Data” from the options. Know your Personal Information. To request specific pieces of information on the iOS or Android mobile app, navigate to “Data Rights” in the app menu and select “Request a Portable Copy of Data” from the options. To request specific pieces of information on The Weather Channel in-vehicle application, please email us at . Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before you can make a request to know your Personal Information. We may leverage your device’s security settings, require you to reauthenticate with your log in credentials if you are a logged in registered user, or provide us with your email address or a signed declaration with your device identifiers. . You can request that we delete the Personal Information that we have collected from your use of the Services. You will need to provide your email address so we can confirm to you that we have fulfilled your request, unless you are logged in to your registered account at the time of the request. Please note that you must make the request from each browser or device where you access the Services, unless you are logged in to your registered account at the time of the request. We will delete your information unless it is necessary for purposes permitted by CPRA. Delete your Personal Information To make a deletion request on weather.com, click and select “Delete Data” from the options. To make a deletion request on the iOS or Android mobile app, navigate to “Data Rights” in the app menu and select “Delete Data” from the options. To delete your searched locations on The Weather Channel in-vehicle application, which are stored in local storage, please use the “Clear” button on the search page. Please note that following a deletion request, we will resume collecting Personal Information if you continue your use of the Services, and your Personal Information will also enable us to personalize the Services you visit and the ads that are placed on the Services. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before you can make a request to delete your Personal Information and may require you to reauthenticate using your log in credentials if you are a logged in registered user, or a signed declaration with your device identifiers. Correct your inaccurate Personal Information. For instructions on how to correct certain inaccurate data yourself on weather.com, click and select “How to Correct Data” from the options. For instructions on how to correct certain inaccurate data yourself on iOS or Android mobile applications, navigate to “Data Rights” in the app menu and select “How to Correct Data” from the options. If you would like to make further corrections, you can request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information that we have collected from your use of the Services. You may email for further instructions. Please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before you can make a request to correct your inaccurate Personal Information and may require a signed declaration with your device identifiers to correct certain data elements. You will be opted in by default to the sale or sharing of Personal Information. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of Personal Information at any time in the following ways. If you are a registered user, your opt out selection will be associated to your registered account and will follow you across devices when logged in. If you do not have an account or are using the Services without logging into your account, you will have to opt out from each browser or device where you access the Services. Opt out of sale or sharing of your Personal Information. Note that if you are traveling outside of California within the U.S., you may see the option to “Opt Out of Targeted Advertising” displayed instead of “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.” While we use different wording outside of California within the U.S., functionalities remain the same so opting out of targeted advertising and the sale of personal data will also opt you out of sale or sharing of personal information. You can access the "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" link in the footer of the website, if you are located in California when you access the Services. You can access the "Review my Advertising Settings" link in the footer of the website, if you are located in the U.S. outside of California when you access the Services. Alternatively, you may use Global Privacy Control browser signals to opt out. You can navigate to “Privacy Settings” in the app menu then select “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information (Opt Out)” under “California Consumer Privacy Act (CPRA) Right to Opt Out,” if you are located in California when you access the Services. You can navigate to "Privacy Settings" in the app menu then select “Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and the Sale of My Personal Data (Opt Out)” under “Opt Out of Targeted Advertising and the Sale of Personal Data,” if you are not located in California when you access the Services. Click to be taken directly to “Privacy Settings” for each app (The Weather Channel iOS Mobile App, The Weather Channel Android Mobile App, Storm Radar iOS Mobile App) and your current location. You view this Privacy Policy and click the hyperlink above while within each app; your “Privacy Settings” selections will not be associated with your use of the app if the hyperlink is clicked outside of the app. must We recognize and honor Global Privacy Control (GPC) when you are located in the U.S. and will treat it as an opt-out of the sale or sharing of personal information preference signal. The signal will apply to your browser and will take precedence over any previously provided choice on the Site or our Services. If you have a registered account, your GPC signal will be associated to your account as an “opted-out” selection and will follow you across devices when logged in. : please note that the application does not sell or share personal information as defined by CPRA, therefore the opt out of sale or sharing of personal information does not apply. Users of The Weather Channel In-Vehicle Application As described in , we may also use or disclose to specific data vendors your precise geolocation data, which is considered sensitive personal information under the CPRA, to create zip code-level audience segments based on your preferences and characteristics. To the extent that such precise geolocation data is made available to us, you will be opted in by default to the use of your sensitive personal information. You can choose to opt out and limit the use of your sensitive personal information at any time in the following ways. If you are a registered user, your opt out selection will be associated to your registered account and will follow you across devices when logged in. If you do not have an account or are using the Services without logging into your account, you will have to opt out from each device where you access the Services. Limit Use of your Sensitive Personal Information. We will only use your precise geolocation data if you agreed to share it on our app, and we therefore offer you the right to limit such use on web only if you are a logged in registered user. You can access the "Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information" link in the footer of the website if you are located in California when you access the Services. You can navigate to “Privacy Settings” in the app menu then select “Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information (Opt Out)” under “California Consumer Privacy Act (CPRA) Right to Limit,” if you are located in California when you access the Services. Click to be taken directly to “Privacy Settings” for each app (The Weather Channel iOS Mobile App, The Weather Channel Android Mobile App) and your current location. You view this Privacy Policy and click the hyperlink above while within each app; your “Privacy Settings” selections will not be associated with your use of the app if the hyperlink is clicked outside of the app. : These products do not process precise geolocation data to create such audience segments based on your preferences and characteristics. Therefore, the right to limit the use of Sensitive Personal Information is not offered to Storm Radar users or The Weather Channel in-vehicle application users. Users of the Storm Radar Mobile Application and The Weather Channel In-Vehicle Application Non-discrimination. . You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CPRA on your behalf. Authorized agents may email for further instructions. Users of and authorized agents of users of The Weather Channel in-vehicle application may email for further instructions. To protect your information, please note that we may take steps to verify your identity and we will also ask for signed permission from you authorizing the authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. The California Consumer Privacy Act Regulations (“Regulations”) require certain disclosures around the number of requests related to the right to know Personal Information, the right to delete Personal Information, and the right to opt out of the sale of Personal Information. This section provides metrics of requests from users located in California made between January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022. Who opted out via the Privacy Settings page on weather.com and our mobile applications Who visited weather.com with Global Privacy Control enabled on web browsers You may email for questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy and our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, sale, sharing, and retention of Personal Information. Our U.S. Privacy Policy was last updated June 30, 2023. As described in of this Privacy Policy, we collect and use certain information, some of which may be considered Personal Information, in order to operate the Services and to maximize your experience. For more specificity on the categories of data we share, and the purposes, please see the additional descriptions in (“California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) Notice”). Please see below for a summary of our privacy practices in the U.S. Certain state data privacy laws define the terms “sell” and “sale” broadly to include the sharing of personal data for valuable consideration, even if money is not exchanged. We do not sell users’ personal data as the term “sell” is commonly understood (i.e., for monetary consideration). However, we do allow to use your personal data for certain purposes other than providing and improving advertising services for our apps and websites (described in of this Privacy Policy), which is considered a “sale” under certain state data privacy laws. This is the only way that we “sell” personal data. Certain state data privacy laws define targeted advertising as displaying advertisements to a specific audience based on preferences or interests. The Weather Channel allows some to use your personal information for certain purposes other than providing and improving advertising services for our apps and websites (described in ), which is considered targeted advertising under certain state data privacy laws. Note that if you are traveling around the U.S., you may see different combinations for options to “Opt Out of Targeted Advertising” and “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.” While we use different wording in certain states within the U.S., functionalities remain the same so opting out of targeted advertising will also opt you out of sale or sharing. We recognize and honor Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) for U.S.- based users; if GPC is enabled, we recognize this as an “opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information” (California residents, See ) or as an “opt out of targeted advertising and the sale of personal data” request (non-California U.S. residents). See below for links that can be used to exercise your right to opt out on our Privacy Settings screen: Other Data Rights of this Privacy Policy describes the Data Rights we offer to all users and how to execute these rights. This includes the right to access your data, obtain a portable copy of your data, correct data, or delete data related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. We may require information to authenticate your identity. Web: For instructions on how to correct certain inaccurate data yourself on weather.com, click and select “How to Correct Data” from the options. App: For instructions on how to correct certain inaccurate data yourself on iOS or Android mobile applications, navigate to “Data Rights” in the app menu and select “How to Correct Data” from the options. Confirm whether your Personal Data is being Processed. As described in of this Privacy Policy, you may confirm whether your personal data is being processed by submitting a right to obtain a portable copy of your data request. Alternatively, you may email us at . . In the case where we declined to take action on your data rights request or have rejected your request, you may contact us at within 45 days after we notify you of a rejected request, to initiate an appeal of this decision. Once we receive your appeal, we will notify you in writing within 45 days of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. Authorized Agent. Colorado and Connecticut residents can designate an authorized agent to submit an opt out request under the CPA or CTDPA on your behalf. Users and authorized agents may email for further instructions. Users of and authorized agents of users of The Weather Channel in-vehicle application may email for further instructions. To protect your information, please note that we may take steps to verify your identity and will also ask for signed permission from you authorizing the authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. Some data vendors may control the collection of personal data on this Site and on our Services. Our Data Vendors page () provides more details. The data controller's legal representative for the European Economic Area (EEA) is IBM International Group B.V., Johan Huizingalaan 765, 1066 VH Amsterdam, The Netherlands; the representative for the United Kingdom is IBM United Kingdom Limited, PO Box 41, North Harbour, Portsmouth, Hampshire, PO6 3AU, United Kingdom. The relevant Data Protection Officer may be contacted at . The Lei 13.709/ 2018 (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais, “LGPD”) requires certain disclosures that already are covered in this Privacy Policy. : Under LGPD, you can request to access your personal data, receive confirmation of the existence of processing and be able to request to receive confirmation about the private and public entities with whom the controller shares the data, and obtain a portable copy of your data. These rights will be fulfilled when you choose to Request a Portable Copy of Data. You also have the right to object to the processing when data is processed unlawfully and to request correction, anonymization, blocking and deletion of unnecessary, excessive data or data processed unlawfully related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. These rights will be fulfilled when you choose to Delete Data. You can exercise your data rights on weather.com by clicking and on the iOS or Android mobile application by navigating to “Data Rights” in the app menu. Please note that you must make any requests from each browser or device where you access the Services. To exercise your rights from The Weather Channel in-vehicle application, please email . Refer to for more information about The Weather Channel in-vehicle application and data rights. Non-Applicable References The Weather Channel in-vehicle application does not contain advertisements. Therefore, all information in this Privacy Policy referring to advertising does not apply. Additionally, the in-vehicle application does not offer registered accounts. Contain advertising, including targeted advertising; Service Providers As described in Sections and your data may be shared with service providers, including Analytics Vendors and Technology Vendors. The Analytics Vendor for The Weather Channel in-vehicle application is: Amplitude The Technology Vendors for The Weather Channel in-vehicle application are: Akamai, Mapbox, Salesforce, AWS As advertising is not supported on the in-vehicle application, there are no .