 Ramsey Solutions Privacy Policy APRIL 14, 2022 APRIL 14, 2022 Ramsey Solutions Privacy Policy The Lampo Group, LLC d/b/a Ramsey Solutions (“Ramsey Solutions,” “we” “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting your privacy, and in doing so, we want to make sure that this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is clear and concise enough for you to understand it. This Policy discloses our privacy practices and how we may use the information that we gather on our digital properties, including but not limited to: websites, online platforms, mobile applications, web services, services, and products owned by Ramsey Solutions (the “Sites”). We hope that as you read through the Policy, you will become comfortable using the Sites and learn how Ramsey Solutions is here to help you. Our intention was not to make this a lengthy Policy with pages of text for you to read through, but we wanted to make sure that you were given enough information to put your mind at ease about your privacy. After all, we created this Policy for the purpose of protecting your privacy and the information you provide to us. By using our Sites or voluntarily providing personal information to us, you consent to the terms and conditions of this Policy. This Policy applies to information collected by our Sites and contains the following: Respecting the privacy and the security of your personal information is important to us. We realize that providing us with personal information is an act of trust. Therefore, we have created this Policy to show you the steps we have taken to maintain that trust and secure your information. Collected Information Each time you visit our Sites, certain information may be collected both when you provide it voluntarily and automatically when you use the Sites. In some instances, the collected information may allow us to match activities with users. We may also collect your information from other sources, as described below. Examples of the type of information that may be collected are as follows: We will also collect personal information that you provide/input on our Sites, such as your name, birthdate, e-mail address, mailing address, social media username(s), phone number, organization name, unique personal identifier, insurance policy information you share with us, or payment processing information (e.g., debit card information or other banking information). This includes information that you may provide us regarding documents or files which you upload to the Sites. If you upload documents containing sensitive data such as documentation revealing your social security number, driver’s license or state identification number, financial account information, login credentials, racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, health insurance or medical information, biometric or genetic information, or other similarly sensitive data, in the course of using the Sites, including Ramsey Vault, we will possess that information for purposes of ensuring the full functionality of the Sites for you. Use of Information We may use the information collected for any of the following purposes: We may also use this information to evaluate and manage our businesses. Combined data is collected from online and offline facilities and may be used to enhance the ability of Ramsey Solutions to communicate with you and to support business functions, such as internal business processes, marketing, authentication, customer service, fraud prevention, and public safety and legal functions. We will make every effort to keep you informed of Ramsey Solutions’ special events, news and offers, so periodically, we may send these announcements via email or direct mail. If you do not wish to be contacted by Ramsey Solutions or our business affiliates, simply click on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email newsletter. Sharing of Information We may disclose your non-personal information with third parties at our discretion. There may be times when we need to share, or otherwise disclose, your personal information with third-party service providers. The reasons we may need to share this information with those providers relate to the services they provide to us or that we may provide to them, which may include: These third-party service providers are only granted access to your personal information, as we deem necessary, and they are contractually restricted in the ways they may use your information. The providers may also use cookies (as defined within this Policy), or other automatic collection technology on behalf of Ramsey Solutions. In addition, we may share your personal information with your family members or other individuals to whom you designate your personal information may be shared with within the Sites, for example, beneficiaries of your insurance policies, spouses, family members, lawyers, accountants and other persons. The list of persons who may view your account and information may be updated by you through the Sites at any time. You acknowledge that your account and personal information may be shared with such persons posthumously in connection with the viewing of relevant policies, benefits, and other information or data contained in your account. Moreover, in the event that a division, or part or all of Ramsey Solutions, is purchased, sold or otherwise transferred to/by another company, or is in the process of a potential transaction with another company, customer information will likely be shared for evaluation purposes and included among the transferred business assets. Such acquiring company’s right to use your personal information shall be limited to the terms of this Policy unless additional notice is provided to you. Ramsey Solutions may also be required to disclose specific information to comply with the law, a subpoena, or other litigation process. We may also disclose your information to protect the interests or safety of its visitors and customers, employees, or others, which includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Geographic Restrictions Our Sites and web-based services are intended for access and use within the United States only and comply with applicable United States privacy laws. Our Sites and web-based services are not intended for, or directed to, citizens, domiciles, or residents outside of the United States, including those of the European Union. By accessing our Sites and web-based services, you affirm that you are not a citizen, domicile, or resident of a country outside of the United States, including those of the European Union. Do Not Track Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that you can set in some web browsers to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of your web browser. However, these features are not yet uniform, so we do not currently respond to such features or signals. Therefore, if you select or turn on a DNT feature in your web browser, we and our third-party providers may continue collecting information about your online activities as described in this Policy. Cookies “Cookies" are defined as small pieces of information (data files) that are downloaded to and stored by your browser or other application on your computer's, or other device’s, browser or hard drive when you use our Sites, which are unique to your device or account. Cookies make it easier for you to use our Sites by saving your preferences so that we can use these to improve your next and subsequent visits to our Sites. Cookies help us learn which areas of our Sites are useful and which areas need improvement. Cookies may be either persistent or temporary (or session) cookies. A persistent cookie retains user preferences for a particular website, app or service, allowing those preferences to be used in future use sessions and remains valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date). A temporary cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies are used to connect your computer or other device with information stored about your online activity, searches, preferences, and product purchases, both within the same website visit and from one visit to the next, on our Sites and/or other websites. Some examples of the information cookies may store by your browser include your account preferences, user specific information on pages accessed, searched terms or addresses entered, and previous visits to the site. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser or device. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you reject cookies, you may not be able to participate in certain activities or receive a promotion customized for you. Our Sites do not control and do not guarantee the effectiveness of browser-based tools for managing cookies. When we use cookies or similar technologies, we may set the cookies ourselves or ask third parties to do so. Security Ramsey Solutions is committed to keep your information private and secure. We use industry-standard security techniques on our Sites to help protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information collected from you at our Sites. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us. In this regard, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data while you are on the Internet. At a minimum, we encourage you to make sure that you are using a secure browser as you surf the Internet. Other Sites Our Sites may contain links to third-party sites, including those of our business partners. If you click one of those links, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This Policy does not apply to the information practices of those third-party websites. You should read the privacy policies of third-party websites carefully. While we seek to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy and security, we are not responsible or liable for the content, privacy policies/practices, actions, or security of third-party websites or services. Children’s Privacy Under Age 13 Ramsey Solutions does not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent, we will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from our databases and not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). Under Age 18 Please note that while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all systems. While our Sites are not intended for use by children, parents who upload personal information regarding their children do so at their own risk and pursuant to this Policy. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) CCPA provides California residents privacy rights, including the right to: Your exercise of these rights will have no adverse effect on the availability, price, or quality of our services. Changes to the Privacy Policy This Policy may be revised in our sole discretion from time to time as we add new features and services, as laws change, and as industry privacy and security best practices evolve. When we revise the Policy, we will post the new Policy on this page and change the date located at the bottom of the Policy. We encourage you to return to this page periodically to check for any updates or changes. If we make any change to this Policy regarding use or disclosure of personal information, we will provide advance notice on our Sites. Small changes, or changes that do not significantly affect individual privacy interest, may be made at any time, and without prior notice. Governing Law and Jurisdiction This Policy shall be construed and governed under the laws of the United States and the State of Tennessee (without regard to rules governing conflicts of laws provisions). You agree that venue for all actions, arising out of or relating in any way to your use of our Sites, shall be in federal courts in Davidson County, Tennessee or state court having jurisdiction over Williamson County, Tennessee, within one (1) year after the claim(s) arises. Each party waives any objections based on forum non conveniens and waives any objection to venue of any action instituted hereunder to the extent that an action is brought in the courts identified above. Each party consents to personal jurisdiction in the courts identified above. Contact The Lampo Group, LLC 1011 Reams Fleming Blvd Franklin, TN 37064 Effective Date: April 14, 2022 Privacy_Gen_04.14.2022v08 Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram