Close panel BBVA.com What are you looking for? Press Enter Predictive Search Close panel BBVA.com What are you looking for? Press Enter Predictive Search Press Enter Predictive Search Close panel Close panel Close panel Shareholders and investors BBVA in the World BBVA Earnings Corporate information Contact BBVA financial information Financial calendar Latest news BBVA Podcast Press Room Customer service via social networks Special reports BBVA webs Careers at BBVA Social media Vulnerability Disclosure Program Browser See main menu BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. (“BBVA”) makes the following general information available to Users of the website www.bbva.com (the Website) pursuant to the provisions of Article 10 of Act 34/2002, dated July 11, governing information society services and e-commerce (“LSSI”): Name or trading name: BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A. Tax ID number: C.I.F. number A- 48265169. Registered address: Plaza de San Nicolás, 4, 48005 Bilbao Company Registry data: Company Registry of Bilbao, Volume 2083, Book 1545, Section 3, Folio 1, Sheet 14741. Contact Email: For any enquiries, Users may contact BBVA via the e-mail comunica@bbva.com The Users of the Website shall comply at all times with the following terms and conditions of use ("Terms of Use"). These Terms of Use govern the use of the Web Site that BBVA offers to Users. By accessing and using the Website, the User fully accepts and agrees to comply with the Terms and Conditions of the Website. Therefore, the user must carefully read these Terms of Use and any other Terms and Conditions of the Website in each of the occasions on which he intends to access and use the Website, as they may undergo modifications that would be communicated to the User with the new access. BBVA reserves the right to update, modify or eliminate these Terms and Conditions of the Website. The User shall make lawful use of the website in accordance with current law, good faith and public order. Similarly, the User agrees not to use the Website for fraudulent purposes, and not to carry out any activity that may damage the image, interests and rights of BBVA or any third parties. The User undertakes not to perform any act that may damage, disable or overload the Website or in any way, impede its normal use and operation. We inform the User that, in the event of a breach the content or the obligations derived of the Terms and Conditions of the Website or any other specific terms or conditions contained in the Website, BBVA reserves the right to limit, suspend or terminate your access to the Website, adopting any technical measure necessary for that purpose. BBVA also reserves the right to take such measures in the event that it reasonably suspects that the User is violating any of the terms contained in the Terms and Conditions of the Website or any other specific terms or conditions contained on the Website. BBVA may at its own discretion update, modify or delete information contained on the Website, including its content and/or services, also may limit or deny access to such information at any time without prior notice. BBVA reserves the right to eliminate, limit or prevent access to the Website when technical difficulties or circumstances arise from technical difficulties beyond the control of BBVA, at its discretion, reduce or remove the standard levels of security adopted for the proper operation of said website. In this respect, BBVA reserves the right to decide on the continuation of the information and services provided through the Website. The intellectual property rights on the Web Site, including its structure, selection and the arrangement of its content, the unique rights to the underlying databases, the graphic design and user interface of the Web site (look & feel), computer programs (including source and object codes), and the different elements that form the web site (text, graphics, photographs, videos, sound recordings, etc.) ("Content") are owned by BBVA or its licensors. The distinctive signs included on the Website (trademarks and trade names) are also owned by BBVA or its licensors. The access or use of the Website does not does not grant users any right or ownership whatsoever over the rights of intellectual and/or other property protecting the content provided by this website, or the BBVA logos and trademarks. To this end, in accordance with these Terms and Conditions of Use, except when legally permitted or with the prior authorization of BBVA, the User is expressly prohibited from any reproduction, processing, distribution, public communication, making available, extraction and/or reuse of the website, its contents and /or logos and trademarks of BBVA or any other third parties included the Website. BBVA reserves the right to take legal action as appropriate against those users who are in breach of or infringe the intellectual and/or other property rights of BBVA. It is forbidden to reproduce, distribute, communicate to the public, including public access by means of emission, transmission, telecommunication or other appropriate instrument, the Content of the Website, either in whole or in part, with commercial purposes –especially in the case of periodical compilations made in the form of press summaries or reviews (press-clipping)– by means of any procedure or media, without the prior and express authorization of BBVA. The users of the Website shall also restrain from suppressing, altering, avoiding, or manipulating any protection device or security system installed on this Website. BBVA grants the users who comply with these Terms and Conditions of the Website (and the applicable Terms of Conditions of Registration) a non-exclusive license to use the Website, for the maximum period of validity of the intellectual and other property as defined by the applicable laws and regulations (except in the case your access to the website is suspended for cause) and for the only purpose of using the Website in accordance with this document. BBVA declares that: The user ACKNOWLEDGES AND ACCEPTS the previous statements of BBVA and additionally AGREES to comply with the law and regulations that will be applicable as user of this Website. Links to the Website Establishing links to the Website is prohibited, unless it has been previously authorized by BBVA. In any case, once authorized by BBVA the link, shall be established as follows: The Linker Site shall comply with the law and shall in no case host content of its own or third parties that: (i) are illegal, violate the rights of others, harmful, degrading, violent, inappropriate or otherwise contrary to morality, to the uses and good customs (pornographic, racist, etc.); (ii) implies or could imply to the User the false impression that BBVA endorses, supports, adheres or any way supports the ideas, statements or expressions, whether lawful or not; and (iii) are inappropriate or irrelevant to the activity of BBVA. In the event of breach of the terms set out above, BBVA may adopt the appropriate and necessary measures. Sites Linked To help the user find additional information, we may include links that allow the user to access other websites ("Linked Sites"). In these cases, BBVA acts as an intermediary service provider, in accordance with Article 17 of the LSSI. According to that legislation, BBVA is not liable for the services and content provided through the Linked Sites, unless you have effective knowledge of the illegality and have not disabled the link with due diligence. In any case the existence of Linked Sites does not mean that BBVA recommends, promotes, or agrees with the statements, content or services provided through the Linked Sites. Accordingly, BBVA is not responsible for the content of the Linked Sites or their condition of use and privacy policies; the User is solely responsible for checking and accepting each time he accesses and uses those sites. In the event that the User believes that the Linked Sites host content that may be illegal, violate the rights of others, harmful, degrading, violent, inappropriate or otherwise contrary to morality, to the uses and good custom, he can notify BBVA through the following email address: [api.market.support@bbva.com]. However, for the purposes of the applicable legislation, such communication in any case shall mean that BBVA acquires actual knowledge of the wrongfulness of the contents of the Linked Site. In the event that the User or any other Internet user becomes aware that any kind of information or content included on the Website or provided through it is unlawful, injures third parties rights, is harmful, degrading, violent, inappropriate, contrary the provisions in these Terms of Use or otherwise contrary to morals, customs and good manners, you can contact BBVA by indicating the following: The receipt by BBVA of the communication foreseen in this clause shall not entail, in accordance with the LSSI, actual knowledge of the activities and/or contents indicated by the informant when this is not evident or obvious. In any case, BBVA reserves the right to suspend or remove any content that, while not illegal, maybe contrary to the rules set out in these Terms of Use, balancing in each case the legal interests in conflict. Users shall know that communications through open networks are exposed to a number of threats that makes them unsafe. It is their responsibility to take all appropriate measures to reasonably control these threats, including having updated malware detection systems, such as viruses, Trojans, etc. software technical measures as well as having updated security patches of the Internet browsers. For more information you can see the BBVA Security Policy or go to your Internet service provider that can provide solutions that suits your needs. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, BBVA is not responsible for damages caused to the user as a result of the risks inherent in the means employed, or those caused by vulnerabilities in your systems and tools. BBVA does not guarantee total security of its systems and although it has taken appropriate security measures cannot completely exclude the existence of vulnerabilities and, consequently, the user must be cautious when interacting with the Website. In particular in any case, BBVA is not responsible for: BBVA will not be liable for any damages, direct or indirect, that users may suffer derived from the improper use of this Website or its contents, not assuming any obligation to notify changes or modify the contents thereof. In accordance with Article 3 of the LSSI, the applicable laws to the services of the information that BBVA provides through the Website will be those of Spain. Therefore, in any dispute or conflict related to or arising from the Website between the User and BBVA, the Spanish law shall apply. If any of the provisions contained in this Legal Notice and Conditions of Use is declared invalid, it will be removed or replaced. In any case, such invalidation shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions contained in this Legal Notice and Conditions of Use.  Share Up Clients Access © Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. 2023 tweet