Khan Academy does not support this browser. To use Khan Academy you need to upgrade to another web browser. Just select one of the options below to start upgrading. To use Khan Academy you need to upgrade to another web browser. Just select one of the options below to start upgrading. Mozilla Firefox Microsoft Edge Google Chrome If you're seeing this message, it means we're having trouble loading external resources on our website. If you're behind a web filter, please make sure that the domains *.kastatic.org and *.kasandbox.org are unblocked. If you're seeing this message, it means we're having trouble loading external resources on our website. If you're behind a web filter, please make sure that the domains *.kastatic.org and *.kasandbox.org are unblocked. To log in and use all the features of Khan Academy, please enable JavaScript in your browser. Courses Search Search for courses, skills, and videos Main content Khan Academy Privacy PolicyLast Updated: December 8th 2023 Last Updated: December 8th 2023 Khan Academy, Inc. (“Khan Academy”, “our”, “us”, or “we”) is a US-based charitable nonprofit organization. As a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, we use the information we collect to provide you with a better experience and fulfill our mission of providing a free, world-class education for anyone, anywhere. We established ourselves as a nonprofit organization so that a for-profit motive will not interfere with our mission of providing a trusted educational resource. Note: For each section in this Privacy Policy, you can view the general privacy practices at the beginning of the section, and see more information by reviewing “Learn More” for the relevant section. We collect information in the following ways, depending on your use of the Service and your account settings: Examples of information we may collect includes: Khan Academy uses information collected for the purposes of: We may also use non-personal data elements (such as de-identified, anonymized or aggregated usage information and feedback) for product development, research, analytics and other purposes, including for the purpose of analyzing, improving or marketing our Service, for demonstrating the impact of our Service, or conducting educational research. Khan Academy takes great care to protect the personal information you provide to us. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. This section explains circumstances in which we may disclose personal information with third parties. We may disclose personal information: We may also disclose de-identified or aggregated information that does not reasonably identify any individual. As a nonprofit organization, Khan Academy relies on our sponsors, donors, and other contributors to provide funding necessary to provide the free Service to our users. From time to time, we permit third parties to sponsor content displayed on our Service. We take steps to avoid the collection of information for targeted advertising purposes when we believe the Service is being used by Students or Children. We take privacy very seriously. We strive to put you in control of the choices and decisions regarding your personal information. We understand that your personal information is important to you, and that is why you have choices in how your personal information is used and disclosed. We want you to have access to your personal information, so that you can help keep it as accurate as possible. For example, you can choose whether to create an account (or use the Service without registering). If you register for an account, you can: We want you to have access to your information, so that you can help keep it as accurate as possible. If you register and provide Khan Academy with information, you may update, correct, or delete your account and information at any time by reviewing your profile information and preferences on your account settings page. Further information about how you can access, update, correct, or delete your account in the account settings is provided under “Learn More”. Khan Academy is committed to securing your personal information. Some of the ways in which we protect your personal information include: Some of the ways in which we encourage you to protect your personal information include: We use reasonable safeguards to protect our Service and your personal information, but no security measures are perfect. The Service may link to and may be linked by websites operated by other entities or individuals. If we include links to third parties and you click on that link, you will be leaving Khan Academy and the privacy policy of that third party applies. Similarly, if you see a link to Khan Academy on a third party website, then the privacy policy of that third party applies. Khan Academy may modify or revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. Khan Academy will notify users of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the revised Privacy Policy with an updated date of revision on our Service. If we change this Policy in a material manner, we will do our best to notify you of the changes by posting a notice on our website before those changes take affect. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Service to stay informed of our privacy practices. We will not make any material changes to our Privacy Policy that relate to the collection or use of Student Personal Data without first giving notice to the School and providing a choice before Student Personal Data are used in a materially different manner than was disclosed when the information was collected. Please contact Khan Academy with any questions or comments. By mail: Khan Academy, PO Box 1630, Mountain View, CA 94042 This School and Student Use notice supplements our Privacy Policy in connection with school use. Khan Academy is a nonprofit organization dedicated to providing free educational content. We strive to implement best practices to protect the privacy of all of our student and non-student users, alike. We have implemented additional controls and procedures for schools, school districts and teachers (collectively referred to as “Schools”) when they use the Service for educational purposes. When the Service is used as part of the School’s educational program, the personal information related to the School’s student users (“School Users”) may include information defined as “education records” by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”) or other information protected by similar state student data privacy laws. We refer to this information as “Student Personal Data”. Please review “Learn More” to see more information about: This privacy notice supplements our Privacy Policy and provides additional information about how we collect, use and disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 (a “Child” or “Children”). Khan Academy is committed to Children’s privacy. Protecting the privacy of Children is especially important to Khan Academy. For that reason, we created certain features designed to help protect personal information relating to Children (“Child Users”). When a Child creates an account, we collect their information in compliance with applicable laws, including by seeking the consent of a parent or legal guardian (“Parent”) for creation of that account. When Khan Academy is used by a School in an educational setting, we rely on the School to provide the requisite consent, on behalf of the Parent, for Khan Academy to collect information from a School User under the age of 13 for educational purposes. Please review “Learn More” for more information about: This Donor information notice supplements our Privacy Policy in connection with donors. If you donate to Khan Academy and do not donate anonymously, we obtain information such as your name, email address, and mailing address. If you donate using our online form, our payment processor will also collect your credit or debit card number or other payment information. Please note that information collected by these payment processors is subject to their own privacy policy. We may use donor information to communicate with you about your contribution and to send fundraising updates and information regarding the advancement of our mission. We do not disclose personally identifiable donor information except with your consent or as required by law. If you have registered for an account with us, then you may update your preferences in your account settings to opt out of donor emails. If you do not have an account with us, then you may opt out by clicking the unsubscribe link on the donor email message or responding back to the email asking to be removed. Please note that if you have previously unsubscribed but subsequently donate (or attend a donor event), then we may send you follow up communications regarding your support of our mission. This Applicant information notice supplements our Privacy Policy in connection with applicants. If you apply for a job with Khan Academy via an online application or recruiting site, we will obtain the information you choose to provide in your application for that purpose. For example, we collect professional or employment-related information that typically includes details regarding your employment history, experience, and qualifications; as well as education information, including degrees obtained and academic records. This Regional information notice supplements our Privacy Policy. In certain regions, you may have certain additional rights. This may include the right to request access or to update or review your information, request that it be deleted or anonymized, or object to or restrict Khan Academy using it for certain purposes. Our mission is to provide a free, world-class education to anyone, anywhere. Language English Country © 2023 Khan Academy