The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection.. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts.. This service is only available to users of a certain age. The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason. You waive your right to a class action.. The court of law governing the terms is in location X. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. There is a date of the last update of the terms. You have the right to leave this service at any time. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. You maintain ownership of your content. This service is only available to users over a certain age. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes.. This service can license user content to third parties. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service