For Industry Professionals LanguageEnglish (United States) All Watchlist Sign In EN Use app  IMDb Privacy Notice We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes how IMDb, IMDbPro, and Box Office Mojo (collectively "IMDb") collect and process your personal information through IMDb websites, services, and applications that reference this Privacy Notice (together the "IMDb Services"). By using the IMDb Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice. What Personal Information About Users Does IMDb Collect? We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our services and your experience at IMDb. Here are the types of personal information we collect: Information You Give Us Automatic Information Information from Other Sources For What Purposes Does IMDb Use Your Personal Information? We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include: Provide, troubleshoot, and improve IMDb Services. Recommendations and personalization. Comply with legal obligations. Communicate with you. Advertising. Fraud Prevention. What About Cookies and Other Identifiers? We use cookies, pixels, and other technologies (collectively "cookies") to recognize your browser or device, learn more about your interests, and provide you with essential features and services and for additional purposes, including: IMDb's cookies allow you to take advantage of some of IMDb's essential features. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to contribute content, review films, add items to your Watchlist, or use any IMDb Services that require you to sign in. Approved third parties may also set cookies when you interact with IMDb Services. Third parties include providers of measurement and analytics services, social media networks, ad networks, ad serving companies, and advertising companies. Third parties use cookies in the process of delivering content, including ads relevant to your interests, to measure the effectiveness of their ads, and to perform services on behalf of IMDb. They may automatically receive an IP address when this happens. You can manage browser cookies through your browser settings. The 'Help' feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, how to block cookies, and when cookies will expire. If you block all cookies on your browser, neither we nor third parties will transfer cookies to your browser. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some features and services may not work. Does IMDb Share Your Personal Information? Information about our users is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling our users' personal information to others. We share user information with our parent corporation (Amazon.com, Inc.), the subsidiaries it controls that follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice, and as described below. Transactions involving Third Parties Third-Party Service Providers Business Transfers Protection of IMDb and Others Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information. What About Advertising? Third-Party Advertising and Links to Other Websites: We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind. What Information Can I Access? What Choices Do I Have? Are Children Allowed to Use IMDb Services? IMDb Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you may not sign up for IMDb Services or submit information about yourself to IMDb. Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our websites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. Examples of Information Collected Information You Give Us When You Use IMDb Services You provide information to us when you: As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: Examples of the information we collect and analyze include: We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications, and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information. Examples of information we receive from other sources include: Information You Can Access Examples of information you can access through IMDb Services include: Get the IMDb App Sign in for more accessSign in for more access Sign in for more access