Privacy Policy Last updated on August 26th, 2017 INTRODUCTION WorldVPN respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web site and products only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at WorldVPN Web site, and through merchant provider (WHMCS Inc.) LOGGING POLICY We do not spy on our users and we don’t monitor their Internet usage. We do not keep logs with our users’ activity. PRIVACY POLICY WorldVPN does not keep or store any logs about its users. However, we need to keep some information about the users: User e-mail – to send the latest WorldVPN news and to retrieve a lost password. Username – it is necessary to make a VPN connection. Payment information – we store billing information in case of a refund request. FAIR AND REASONABLE USE You accept not to give or share your username and password to others. WorldVPN, its owners, employees, agents and others that are involved with WorldVPN services are not in any way or form liable for any harm of any sort executed or not executed, resulting or arising through or from the use of any account registered with WorldVPN services. WorldVPN does guarantee a 99.9% server up-time. In any event WorldVPN will never be liable for any monetary harm beyond what the client paid to WorldVPN and this shall not include attorney fees or court costs irrespective of any laws or statues that may be treated otherwise. This is our obligatory agreement when you accept these terms of service. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES Criminal Activity – any client who commits any of these criminal actions: use of stolen credit cards, credit card fraud, PayPal fraud, bank fraud, e-gold fraud, WebMoney fraud, Bitcoin fraud, mail fraud, extortion, blackmail, kidnapping, rape, murder, sale of stolen credit cards, sale of stolen goods, sending email or operating websites to perform identity theft, hacking, pharming, phishing, spamming of any form on, in or through our service using our resources leaves with a terminated account. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS By logging in to any WorldVPN service, you agree to the WorldVPN Terms of Service including all other policies incorporated by reference. Privacy Policy Last updated on August 26th, 2017 Last updated on August 26th, 2017 INTRODUCTION WorldVPN respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web site and products only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at WorldVPN Web site, and through merchant provider (WHMCS Inc.) LOGGING POLICY We do not spy on our users and we don’t monitor their Internet usage. We do not keep logs with our users’ activity. PRIVACY POLICY WorldVPN does not keep or store any logs about its users. However, we need to keep some information about the users: User e-mail – to send the latest WorldVPN news and to retrieve a lost password. Username – it is necessary to make a VPN connection. Payment information – we store billing information in case of a refund request. FAIR AND REASONABLE USE You accept not to give or share your username and password to others. WorldVPN, its owners, employees, agents and others that are involved with WorldVPN services are not in any way or form liable for any harm of any sort executed or not executed, resulting or arising through or from the use of any account registered with WorldVPN services. WorldVPN does guarantee a 99.9% server up-time. In any event WorldVPN will never be liable for any monetary harm beyond what the client paid to WorldVPN and this shall not include attorney fees or court costs irrespective of any laws or statues that may be treated otherwise. This is our obligatory agreement when you accept these terms of service. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES Criminal Activity – any client who commits any of these criminal actions: use of stolen credit cards, credit card fraud, PayPal fraud, bank fraud, e-gold fraud, WebMoney fraud, Bitcoin fraud, mail fraud, extortion, blackmail, kidnapping, rape, murder, sale of stolen credit cards, sale of stolen goods, sending email or operating websites to perform identity theft, hacking, pharming, phishing, spamming of any form on, in or through our service using our resources leaves with a terminated account. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS By logging in to any WorldVPN service, you agree to the WorldVPN Terms of Service including all other policies incorporated by reference. WorldVPN respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web site and products only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at WorldVPN Web site, and through merchant provider (WHMCS Inc.) We do not spy on our users and we don’t monitor their Internet usage. We do not keep logs with our users’ activity. PRIVACY POLICY WorldVPN does not keep or store any logs about its users. However, we need to keep some information about the users: User e-mail – to send the latest WorldVPN news and to retrieve a lost password. Username – it is necessary to make a VPN connection. Payment information – we store billing information in case of a refund request. FAIR AND REASONABLE USE You accept not to give or share your username and password to others. WorldVPN, its owners, employees, agents and others that are involved with WorldVPN services are not in any way or form liable for any harm of any sort executed or not executed, resulting or arising through or from the use of any account registered with WorldVPN services. WorldVPN does guarantee a 99.9% server up-time. In any event WorldVPN will never be liable for any monetary harm beyond what the client paid to WorldVPN and this shall not include attorney fees or court costs irrespective of any laws or statues that may be treated otherwise. This is our obligatory agreement when you accept these terms of service. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES Criminal Activity – any client who commits any of these criminal actions: use of stolen credit cards, credit card fraud, PayPal fraud, bank fraud, e-gold fraud, WebMoney fraud, Bitcoin fraud, mail fraud, extortion, blackmail, kidnapping, rape, murder, sale of stolen credit cards, sale of stolen goods, sending email or operating websites to perform identity theft, hacking, pharming, phishing, spamming of any form on, in or through our service using our resources leaves with a terminated account. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS By logging in to any WorldVPN service, you agree to the WorldVPN Terms of Service including all other policies incorporated by reference. WorldVPN does not keep or store any logs about its users. However, we need to keep some information about the users: User e-mail – to send the latest WorldVPN news and to retrieve a lost password. Username – it is necessary to make a VPN connection. Payment information – we store billing information in case of a refund request. FAIR AND REASONABLE USE You accept not to give or share your username and password to others. WorldVPN, its owners, employees, agents and others that are involved with WorldVPN services are not in any way or form liable for any harm of any sort executed or not executed, resulting or arising through or from the use of any account registered with WorldVPN services. WorldVPN does guarantee a 99.9% server up-time. In any event WorldVPN will never be liable for any monetary harm beyond what the client paid to WorldVPN and this shall not include attorney fees or court costs irrespective of any laws or statues that may be treated otherwise. This is our obligatory agreement when you accept these terms of service. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES Criminal Activity – any client who commits any of these criminal actions: use of stolen credit cards, credit card fraud, PayPal fraud, bank fraud, e-gold fraud, WebMoney fraud, Bitcoin fraud, mail fraud, extortion, blackmail, kidnapping, rape, murder, sale of stolen credit cards, sale of stolen goods, sending email or operating websites to perform identity theft, hacking, pharming, phishing, spamming of any form on, in or through our service using our resources leaves with a terminated account. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS By logging in to any WorldVPN service, you agree to the WorldVPN Terms of Service including all other policies incorporated by reference. You accept not to give or share your username and password to others. WorldVPN, its owners, employees, agents and others that are involved with WorldVPN services are not in any way or form liable for any harm of any sort executed or not executed, resulting or arising through or from the use of any account registered with WorldVPN services. WorldVPN does guarantee a 99.9% server up-time. In any event WorldVPN will never be liable for any monetary harm beyond what the client paid to WorldVPN and this shall not include attorney fees or court costs irrespective of any laws or statues that may be treated otherwise. This is our obligatory agreement when you accept these terms of service. PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES Criminal Activity – any client who commits any of these criminal actions: use of stolen credit cards, credit card fraud, PayPal fraud, bank fraud, e-gold fraud, WebMoney fraud, Bitcoin fraud, mail fraud, extortion, blackmail, kidnapping, rape, murder, sale of stolen credit cards, sale of stolen goods, sending email or operating websites to perform identity theft, hacking, pharming, phishing, spamming of any form on, in or through our service using our resources leaves with a terminated account. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS By logging in to any WorldVPN service, you agree to the WorldVPN Terms of Service including all other policies incorporated by reference. Criminal Activity – any client who commits any of these criminal actions: use of stolen credit cards, credit card fraud, PayPal fraud, bank fraud, e-gold fraud, WebMoney fraud, Bitcoin fraud, mail fraud, extortion, blackmail, kidnapping, rape, murder, sale of stolen credit cards, sale of stolen goods, sending email or operating websites to perform identity theft, hacking, pharming, phishing, spamming of any form on, in or through our service using our resources leaves with a terminated account. ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS By logging in to any WorldVPN service, you agree to the WorldVPN Terms of Service including all other policies incorporated by reference. By logging in to any WorldVPN service, you agree to the WorldVPN Terms of Service including all other policies incorporated by reference. About WorldVPN Our enterprise VPN services are cloud-based. Don't hesitate to get in touch with us if you need a personalized quote. Our enterprise VPN services are cloud-based. Don't hesitate to get in touch with us if you need a personalized quote. Copyright 2021 © R&D TECHNOLOGY VIET NAM., JSC. All rights reserved.