 Investor Relations > Privacy Policy /.boxton NetEase, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively ) have always solemnly promised to protect the privacy of users who use https://ir.netease.com/ ). When you use the Website, we may collect and use your information pursuant to this Privacy Policy. “NetEase” or “we” (the “Website” This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information collected through the Website or provided directly by usersFor example, the users who use NetEase’s online game website and service are subject to privacy policies applicable to such websites and services instead of this Privacy Policy. I I. Scope of Application , but does not cover any personal or non-personal information collected through other websites (including the websites of our affiliates). f you use any other websites provided by NetEase or its affiliates, and would like to know how your related personal information is processed, please refer to the privacy policies applicable to such website. In your using the Website, we need or may need to collect and use your personal information, which includes: 1. Information you provide to us. (1) when you submit an information request to us, we will collect and use your personal information which you fill out and submit on the Website, including your (2) when you use email alerts to subscribe the sharing of our latest public information, which you fill out and submit on the Website. II. Collection and Use of Information name, home and work phone number, fax number, email address, employer, title, country, investor type, comments. We will only use such information to contact you and answer your questions. we will collect and use your email address We will only use such information to provide you with the services you have subscribed to. 2. Information collected in your using the Website. In order to optimize the visiting experience and page performance, to perform visiting statistics on website usage, and to prevent and detect acts that endanger cybersecurity, we will collect your browser and device information when you use the Website, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, visiting date and time, and hardware and software characteristics information. Cookies and other similar device information identification technologies are commonly used on the Internet. When you use the Website, we may use relevant technologies to send one or more Cookies or anonymous identifiers (hereinafter, each, a “Cookie”, and collectively, the “Cookies”) to your device to collect, identify and store the information in connection with your visit to, and use of, the Website. We undertake that we will not use Cookies for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy. We use Cookies primarily to ensure the secure and efficient operation of the Website, to enable us to confirm the security status of your use of the Website, and to detect such unusual conditions as crashes and delays. III. Cookies Most browsers provide users with the function to remove their browser cache data, and you may perform the appropriate removal of data, or you may modify your acceptance of Cookies or reject our Cookies. You may not be able to use Cookies-dependent services or corresponding functions due to such modifications. IV. Sharing and Disclosure of Information Only where reasonably necessary will we share your personal information in following circumstances: (1) We may share your personal information with our affiliates who process your personal information in order to respond to your inquiries. All related affiliates may only use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. (2) We may disclose your personal information by operation of law to relevant law enforcement authorities or other government authorities as required by applicable law or in response to legal process. (3) We may also disclose your personal information if we sell, transfer, merge, consolidate or any part(s) of our business, or merge with, acquire or form a joint venture with, any other business. You have the legal rights, within the framework of the applicable law, in and to the personal information we hold about you. and we will respond to your request in accordance with the requirements of the applicable laws and regulations. V. Your Rights If you need to exercise any of your rights, please contact us at Privacy@service.netease.com., We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to achieve the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless there is a mandatory retention requirement by law and your personal information will be processed using our servers located in the People’s Republic of China. We have taken reasonable and practicable security measures, consistent with industry standards, to protect your personal information and we have information security and access policies that limit access to our systems and technology, and we protect data through the use of technological protection measures such as encryption. VI. Information Storage and Security Measures The Website may contain links to other websites, which may be owned or operated by third parties who may collect personal information from you. We have no control over and are not responsible for the privacy policies and data protection policies of any such third parties. VII. Third-party Links and Related Policies If you use the websites or services provided by third parties, and would like to know how your related personal information is processed, please refer to the privacy policies applicable to such third parties. The services of the Website are provided to users who are not children. Children must not use the Website for any purpose, except where their parent or guardian has provided consent. By children, here mean users under the age of 18 years old. VIII. Protection of Children If you are a child, you are required to ask your parent or other guardian to read this Privacy Policy carefully, and to use our services or provide information to us with the consent of your parent or other guardian. If you are the parent or guardian of the user and wish to withdraw consent, please contact us at Privacy@service.netease.com. . After reading this Privacy Policy, if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or matters regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact IX. Contact Us Please note that we will review our policy from time to time, so relevant measures will be changed accordingly. We kindly ask you to visit this page regularly to ensure you are always aware of and understand the latest version of this Privacy Policy Shareholder Tools Print Page RSS Feeds E-mail Alerts Contact IR