The service may collect extra data about you through promotions. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data. Third-party cookies are used for statistics. This service tracks which web page referred you to it. This service keeps user logs for an undefined period of time. The service provides a free help desk. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect. The service uses your personal data for advertising. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users.. This service receives your percise location through GPS coordinates. Tracking cookies refused will not limit your ability to use the service. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation. Tracking via third-party cookies for advertising. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service. This service gathers information about you through third parties. The service uses social media cookies/pixels. You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service. Third parties are involved in operating the service. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable. The user is informed about security practices. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation. You can opt out of promotional communications. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics. You can opt out of targeted advertising. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header.. You can request access and deletion of personal data. A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location. This service may collect, use, and share location data. Personal information that is shared outside its jurisdiction is processed according to the original jurisdiction’s data protection standards. The service's data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes