Intuit Credit Karma Credit Karma Help Center: Effective date: May 31, 2018 Welcome to Credit Karma! We’re here to provide you with tools and services that are designed to help you make financial progress. Before you get started, we’d like to tell you more about what we do with information we collect about you. In other words, as legalese-y as they are, please read these documents carefully. This Privacy Policy covers how Credit Karma, Inc. and its affiliated companies (collectively, “Credit Karma,” “we,” “us” or “our”) collect, use, and share information in connection with your access and use of our Services. It does not cover the privacy practices of third parties that we do not own or control. That said, you should know that we may provide third party content or links to third-party web sites or applications, or include features that allow you to connect your Credit Karma account with your accounts with third parties, such as financial institutions or social media platforms like Facebook. When you leave our Services or interact with a third-party feature, you should also read the applicable third party’s privacy policies and terms of service to make sure you understand how they might collect and share information about you (everybody is different). To put it simply, there are three main ways we collect information about you: when you give it to us, with automatic technologies and when we ask others for it. Allow us to explain. You may provide information to us in various ways, such as through forms, features or other means offered through our Services. A couple of examples include information you provide to us when registering as a member, and feedback forms where you send us comments, questions, or other feedback. The types of information you provide us fits into two general categories: When we combine information that isn’t Personal Information (like Non-Personal Information or Usage Information, which we explain below) with Personal Information, we treat it like Personal Information for as long as it is combined. In addition to information you provide to us, we automatically collect certain information about how you access and interact with our Services (“Usage Information”). This Usage Information is a key part of how we improve your Credit Karma experience and provide you with more personalized insights and recommendations. We and our partners may use various technologies to collect and store Usage Information in connection with our Services. These may include things like cookies, browser web storage (e.g., HTML5), web beacons and similar technologies. There are three types of Usage Information we may collect: Many of our features rely on information about you that we collect from third parties, such as the free credit reports and credit scores we request on your behalf from TransUnion and Equifax. We may also work with different third party partners to supplement the Usage Information and other information we collect directly from you. For example, our partners may provide us with information such as employment or income data, vehicle or driver information, or information about special offers available based on your credit profile so that we can give you more personalized recommendations. We might also collect information from other users like you through things like a member referral program. We use the information we collect from you and third parties to operate our Services, communicate with you, conduct research and development to improve or enhance our Services and our users’ experience, and promote our Services. These are a few examples: First, we want to be clear about how we do not share information about you (what we call the “No-Nos”): Now that we’ve covered the No-Nos, let us explain how we could share with third parties. We may share information about you, including Personal Information, with third parties in a variety of ways, such as: We may also share with third parties de-identified or aggregated data we collect, such as de-identified or aggregated credit reports or scores, de-identified demographic information, or information about the computer or device from which you access the Service. We share such information for a variety of purposes, including to analyze Service usage, develop shared services, and improve our own products and features. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you provide to us, such as your Member Profile information. You can access and make changes to certain Personal Information by logging in to your account through our website and updating your “Personal Information” page. One more thing to note: Due to our recordkeeping and information retention requirements, we do not delete information about you upon deactivation. We will, however, disable your account and stop sending you further communications. Furthermore, except to the extent necessary for legal or regulatory recordkeeping purposes, we anonymize the data in your Member Profile two years after you deactivate your account. It may take a little more time for our automated backup systems to fully process the anonymized account, though. At this time, we do not respond to automated signals regarding tracking mechanisms, including “do not track” instructions from your browser. Please note that blocking cookies may affect your browsing experience on many sites and may limit your ability to use certain features of our Services, including many of the personalized features we provide for our members. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. If there are any material changes in the way we treat your credit report information or Personal Information, Credit Karma will send a notice to the primary email address on your account or place a prominent notice on our platform before the change goes into effect. Credit Karma will also promptly make an updated Privacy Policy publicly available on our platform. Changes will be effective as soon as the revised Privacy Policy is posted unless otherwise stated. Instagram Twitter Facebook Scan the QR code to download the app © 2007–2023 Credit Karma, LLC. Credit Karma® is a registered trademark of Credit Karma, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Product name, logo, brands, and other trademarks featured or referred to within Credit Karma are the property of their respective trademark holders. This site may be compensated through third party advertisers. California loans arranged pursuant to Department of Financial Protection and Innovation Finance Lenders License #60DBO-78868. Auto, homeowners, and renters insurance services offered through Karma Insurance Services, LLC (CA resident license #0172748). Only mortgage activity by Credit Karma Mortgage, LLC., dba Credit Karma is licensed by the State of New York. Credit Karma, Inc. and Credit Karma Offers, Inc. are not registered by the NYS Department of Financial Services. Insurance related services offered through Credit Karma Insurance Services, LLC, which does business in some states as Karma Insurance Services, LLC. | CA license #0172748. iPhone is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. The Equifax logo is a registered trademark owned by Equifax in the United States and other countries. Credit Karma is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and applying the relevant accessibility guidelines. If you have specific questions about the accessibility of this site, or need assistance with using this site, contact us. CREDIT KARMA OFFERS, INC. 1100 Broadway, STE 1800 Oakland, CA 94607 Credit Karma Offers, Inc. NMLS ID# 1628077 | Licenses | NMLS Consumer Access Please call Member Support at 833-675-0553 or email legal@creditkarma.com or mail at Credit Karma, LLC, P.O. Box 30963, Oakland, CA 94604 iPhone is a trademark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Android is a trademark of Google Inc. The Equifax logo is a registered trademark owned by Equifax in the United States and other countries. Credit Karma is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and applying the relevant accessibility guidelines. If you have specific questions about the accessibility of this site, or need assistance with using this site, contact us. CREDIT KARMA OFFERS, INC. 1100 Broadway, STE 1800 Oakland, CA 94607 Credit Karma Offers, Inc. NMLS ID# 1628077 | Licenses | NMLS Consumer Access CREDIT KARMA OFFERS, INC. 1100 Broadway, STE 1800 Oakland, CA 94607 Credit Karma Offers, Inc. NMLS ID# 1628077 | Licenses | NMLS Consumer Access Please call Member Support at 833-675-0553 or email legal@creditkarma.com or mail at Credit Karma, LLC, P.O. Box 30963, Oakland, CA 94604