Last Updated: July 10, 2023 We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you. The information we collect from you varies depending on our relationship with you, which Services you use, and the way in which you use them. When you simply browse our public website as a consumer ("Consumer") to explore our Services or to learn more about us, we do not request that you provide us your information. If you use our Services and become a CAKE.com business user who has licensed and/or purchased one of our products or Services or contact us to learn more about using our Services in connection with your business ("Business User"), we collect information from you as describe below. Our Services, even if free, are offered to Business Users and are only intended for commercial, not personal, use. Our Business Users may also collect and provide us information about their authorized users to whom they provide access to the Clockify, Pumble, or Plaky Services through their Business User account (“Authorized User”) or their clients or customers (“Business Clients”). Below, we describe the ways in which we may collect information in these different situations. We collect information you provide directly to us. If you are a Business User, we collect certain personal information about you in order to facilitate our business relationship with you and provide you with our products and services. The Business User personal information we collect from you includes: We may also collect information a Business User chooses to provide relating to its Business Clients. Business Users must provide their Business Clients any required notices and collect any necessary consents before providing or disclosing any such information to us. CAKE.com does not directly collect or control Business Client personal information, but rather the Business Users determine what Business Client personal information they collect, and to the extent CAKE.com receives that information, we do so on behalf of our Business Users. We collect information from Authorized Users of our Business Users. As an Authorized User, you share information directly with us when you create an account, use our Services, submit or post content through our Services, sign up for our newsletter, fill out a form, communicate with us via third-party platforms, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. However, while we may directly collect your personal information, we do so on behalf of your company, the Business User who provided you access to our Services, and not for our own purposes. CAKE.com does not directly control the processing of Authorized User personal information, but rather Business Users are responsible for providing their Authorized Users any required notices and collecting any necessary consents before requesting that we collect or disclose the personal information of their Authorized Users. The types of Authorized User personal information that we collect for Business Users depends on the Services selected, and directions and permissions given to us by the Business User, but could generally include: Not providing certain personal information may prevent CAKE.com from providing Services to you (e.g., without your email, we may not be able to create an account for you). When you access or use our Services or otherwise transact business with us, we automatically collect certain information, including: We obtain information from third-party sources. For example, we may collect information about you from your connected calendars (e.g., Outlook, Google Calendar), when you interact with us through our Social Media pages, through third-party advertisers, or third-party sources, and publicly available sources. Additionally, if you create or log into your CAKE.com account through a third-party platform (such as Apple, Google, Azure, or Okta), we will have access to certain information from that platform in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such platform. We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our products and services. If you are a Business User, we collect certain personal information about you in order to: If you are an Authorized User, we only process your personal information in accordance with the instructions, and on behalf, of your company to provide our Services. Generally, to the extent we have the permission of your company, our processing may include: These purposes are subject to change, depending on the instructions we receive from your company. We share Business User’s personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy: If you are an Authorized User, we only share your personal information in accordance with the instructions, and on behalf of the Business User to provide our Services. Because we are a service provider to the Business User, the Business User controls and determines the processing of all personal information we collect on their behalf. Nevertheless, to the extent we have the permission of the Business User, generally: [email protected] If you are a Business User that manages particular workspaces, you can delete whole workspaces and other user’s information in such workspaces that you manage. To delete your personal account, you may be required to remove any users within your workspace or transfer your administration rights to another Business User before deleting your personal account. When you first launch any of our mobile apps that collect precise location information, you will be asked to consent to the app’s collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of such location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. You may also stop our collection of this location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove all of our mobile apps from your device. If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, and you are a Business User whose personal information we control, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal information, and this section applies to you. When we process personal information, to the extent required by applicable law, we will do so in reliance on the following lawful bases: We store your personal information for as long as necessary to carry out the purposes for which we originally collected it and for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations. For Authorized Users, we retain your personal information for the duration of our agreement with your company, or until your company requests its deletion, whichever comes first, unless it is required to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations. Additionally, some information, including but not limited to screenshots, GPS location, auto-tracking, and audit-log information are automatically and routinely deleted after a designated time as part of our data retention policies. To the extent required under applicable law, you have the right of: Some rights may be limited, and we may need to retain certain personal information, as required or permitted by applicable law. If you would like to further inquire about, or exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the information below. If you are an Authorized User, please contact the Business User for whom you are an Authorized User with your request to exercise your rights as we may be limited in our ability to respond to your request directly. We take steps to ensure that we handle your personal information subject to appropriate safeguards. As a US company, most of our operations are conducted in the United States and in order to provide the Services, personal information will be processed in the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. We provide appropriate protections for cross-border transfers as required by applicable law for international data transfers. With respect to transfers originating from the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK, where applicable, the standard contractual clauses and the international data transfer addendum to the European Commission’s standard contractual clauses for international data transfers, approved by the European Commission and the UK Information Commissioner, respectively, are implemented. Where required by such laws, you may request a copy of the suitable mechanisms we have in place by contacting us as detailed below. In some cases, we may provide you with the option to choose the location, including locations in the EEA, in which we store and process your data. To the extent we provide that option to you, we will only process and store your data in the designated location and not transfer your data outside that jurisdiction, except in accordance with applicable law. If you have a concern about our processing of personal information that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority where you reside. Contact details for your Data Protection Authority can be found using the links below: For individuals in the EEA: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en For individuals in the UK: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/ For individuals in Switzerland: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact.html CAKE.com Inc.2100 Geng RoadSuite 210Palo Alto, CA94303, USA 2100 Geng Road, Suite 210, Palo Alto, CA 94303, USA