Sign Up Log In Privacy Policy This Policy applies to information we collect in connection with your access and use of our Services. Please read this Policy carefully. By continuing to use or access our Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Policy. We collect and use the minimum amount of your data necessary in order to stay in compliance with bank and payment card industry requirements, and to ensure the best possible experience with our Services. We do not track or sell user information for advertising or marketing purposes. We may share aggregated and anonymized information that does not specifically identify you or any individual user of our Services. We are committed to protecting your personal data from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We undergo annual certifications to ensure our systems and operating processes are PCI (Payment Card Industry) and SOC 2 (Service Organization Control) compliant. Our procedures prevent unauthorized access to your data by anyone, including our staff. We use leading technologies such as (but not limited to) data encryption, firewalls, and server authentication to protect the security of your data. We require multi-factor authentication for all users. Our staff, and third parties whenever we hire them to provide support services, are required to observe our privacy standards. We and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to offer an enhanced experience and Services to users who wish to allow them. These technologies help us analyze trends, administer the website, track traffic, and gather information about users. For information on how to block cookies, see below. We use cookies to track preferences and settings (e.g., so we can remember your preferences, like whether you’ve selected a “do not display banners” option), for sign in and authentication (e.g., so you don’t have to sign in each time you return to the site, or sign in again whenever you move to a new webpage), and for analytics purposes (e.g., to count page visitors or obtain statistics about our Services’ operations that help us improve our website and Services). We may use cookies from third-party providers. Some users wish to block cookies. Certain features of Privacy’s Services depend on cookies, so your experience may be negatively affected if cookies are disabled. Additionally, if you choose to delete cookies, settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, will be deleted and may need to be recreated. However, we completely understand if you want to block cookies. At a high-level, here’s how you can: The Services contain hyperlinks to other websites or locations that we do not control and are operated and controlled by third parties (“Third-Party Websites”). Our Privacy Policy does not apply to these Third-Party Websites and we make no representations regarding the policies or business practices of any such Third-Party Websites. When you close your account, financial regulations require us to retain certain information for at least a minimum time period that varies based on the information involved: Last updated: December 15, 2023 Lithic, Inc. (d/b/a Privacy.com)228 Park Ave SPMB 57488New York, NY 10003-1502United States The Privacy card is issued by Patriot Bank, N.A., pursuant to licenses from Mastercard® International Incorporated and Visa U.S.A. Inc. and may be used everywhere Mastercard and Visa are accepted. Mastercard is a registered trademark of Mastercard International.