The court of law governing the terms is in New York, USA. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes.  The service is only available to United States residents and businesses. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. You must create an account to use this service. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. You can delete or edit your content on this service, but it may persist in the service's archives. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes. Your content can be licensed to third parties. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. You have the right to leave this service at any time. Two factor authentication is provided for your account. You can opt out of promotional communications. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. This service is only available to users over 18 years of age. You waive your right to a class action.. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user in the past 3 months, or $500, whichever is greater. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites. Your provided identifiable information is actively checked by the service. You have a reduced time period (90 days) to take legal action against the service. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. You must provide your identifiable information. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. You are forced into binding arbitration or small claims court in case of disputes