Your data is processed and stored in a country that is less friendly to user privacy protection. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users. Third-party cookies are used for advertising. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header.. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service. The service has a no refund policy. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you. You can retrieve an archive of your data. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites. This service is only available to users over 13 years of age. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Your account can be suspended for several reasons. Third parties are involved in operating the service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. They may stop providing the service at any time. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $100. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection (Illinois, USA). You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service. Third-party cookies are used for statistics. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels and device fingerprinting. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes