AdGuard Ad Blocker AdGuard VPN AdGuard DNS Other products Products EN Dansk Deutsch English Español Français Hrvatski Indonesia Italiano Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (BR) Português (PT) Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Srpski Suomi Svenska Tiếng Việt Türkçe Český Беларуская Русский Українська فارسی 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) 日本語 한국어 AdGuard Privacy Policy February 1, 2023 Keynote: We do not share or sell any of your personal data. We are proud to say that we are one of the fighters for users privacy and we are strongly committed to this principle and to being as transparent as possible. Keynote: ADGUARD SOFTWARE LIMITED (“We”, “Our” or “Us”) collects and processes your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in compliance with the applicable data protection laws. This Policy provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and our obligations, and explains how, why and when we process your personal data. Our general principle is to collect only the information that is necessary to provide you with full functionality of our products and services. ADGUARD SOFTWARE LIMITED is a company registered in Klimentos 41-43, KLIMENTOS TOWER, Flat/Office 25, 1061, Nicosia, Cyprus and acts as the data controller when processing your data. There are several ways how we may get your Personal Data: Data we collect includes no more than is crucial to provide full functionality of AdGuard products, websites and services. We do not collect anything for tracking purposes and take all necessary technical, administrative and physical measures to protect the information we get. In-depth breakdowns of what Personal Data is getting acquired for the Website and each separate AdGuard product are present in the specific product-related and Website-related privacy notices. Your privacy is the highest concern for us. We take it very seriously and we never disclose, share or sell your data, unless we have your consent or required to do so by law. The only purpose of collecting and storing your Personal Data is to provide you with our products and services at their full potential. We retain Personal Data for as long as necessary to continue providing you with these products and services, or until you revoke your consent to share this information. You have the following rights when it comes to Personal Data: Export all Personal Data that we hold about you to a local file from the AdGuard Account on adguard.com; Request information about what data about you we store and for how long, and if we didn’t collect it directly from you, information about the source; Request to correct any incomplete or inaccurate data about you. We will do so as quickly as possible, unless there is a valid reason not to, in which case you will be notified; If you disagree with our Policy or any of its parts, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. As stated in our keynote, your privacy is the highest concern for us. We make every possible effort to protect you and your Personal Data from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. We implement and maintain the following technical and security measures: System Access Controls: We take reasonable measures to prevent Personal Data from being used without authorization. These controls shall vary based on the nature of the processing undertaken and may include, among other controls, authentication via passwords and/or two-factor authentication, documented authorization processes, documented change management processes and/or logging of access on several levels. System Access Controls Data Access Controls: We take reasonable measures to ensure that Personal Data is accessible and manageable only by properly authorized staff. Direct database query access is restricted and application access rights are established and enforced to ensure that persons entitled to use a data processing system only have access to the Personal Data to which they have privilege of access; and that personal data cannot be read, copied, modified or removed without authorization in the course of processing. Data Access Controls Storing Data in a Data Center: personal information is stored in a data center located in Frankfurt. This is secure: the data center does not demand that we collect any data about your traffic or your use of our products and services. If they request us to start doing so, we will stop working with this provider and find an alternative. Storing Data in a Data Center Transmission Controls: We take reasonable measures to ensure that it is possible to check and establish to which entities the transfer of personal data by means of data transmission facilities is envisaged so personal data cannot be read, copied, modified or removed without authorization during electronic transmission or transport. Transmission Controls Input Controls: We take reasonable measures to make it possible to check and establish whether and by whom personal data has been entered into data processing systems, modified or removed. Input Controls Data Backup: Back-ups of the databases are made on a regular basis, are secured, and encrypted to ensure that personal data is protected against accidental destruction or loss when hosted by us. Data Backup Logical Separation You are not obligated to provide your Personal Data to us. However, as this information is required for us to provide you with our services or respond to your enquiries, we will not be able to offer some or all our services without it. To the extent not prohibited by applicable law, we do not allow use of our Services, Products and Website by anyone younger than 16 years old. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 has unlawfully provided us with Personal Data, please contact us and we will take steps to delete such information. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Laws, regulations and industry standards evolve, which may make those changes necessary, or we may make changes to our business. We will post the changes to this page and encourage you to review our Privacy Policy to stay informed. If we make changes that materially alter your privacy rights, we will provide additional notice via email. If you disagree with the changes to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@adguard.com. General notes Privacy notices Site map