 Search Our Site Search Search for: Search Search for: Search Search for: Home Privacy policy Privacy policy Page created on January 7, 2022 | Last modified on January 25, 2023 EFFECTIVE DATE: 2022-01-21 In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we describe how Open Source Initiative (“OSI,” “we,” or “us”) collects, uses, and discloses information that we obtain about visitors to our website https://opensource.org (the “Site”) and the services available through our Site (collectively, the “Services”). By visiting the Site, or using any of our Services, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this Policy. Your use of our Site or Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Service, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. The OSI Terms of Service are incorporated by reference into this Policy. We collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, and automatically through your use of our Site or Services. Information We Collect Directly From You. The information we collect from you depends on how you use our Services. To create an account, you must provide us with the following personal information: We also may collect additional information from you if you choose to provide it, such as: Information We Collect Automatically. We automatically collect information about your use of our Site through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we combine this information with other information we collect about you, including your personal information. Please see the section “Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms” below for more information We collect the following information when you visit our Site: We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes: We may share your information, including personal information, as follows: We also disclose information in the following circumstances: We and our service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Site or Services. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our service providers may do so on our behalf). We use cookies for functional purposes only (i.e. to support the proper working of our Site and Services) and do not use cookies for advertising or profiling purposes. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your device’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Site and Service. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies. Disabling Cookies: Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Site and Services who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function properly. Third Party Analytics: We use automated devices and applications, such as plausible.io, to evaluate usage of our Site. We use these tools to help us improve our Site’s performance and user experiences. Do-Not-Track. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies). We invite you to post content on our Site and Services, including your comments, pictures, and any other information that you would like to be available on our Site or Services. If you post content to our Site or Services the information that you post will be available to all visitors to our Site. If you post your own content on our Site or Services, your posting may become public and OSI cannot prevent such information from being used by third parties. Our Site and Services may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to, and use of, such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites. We have implemented reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee security. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. You may modify personal information that you have submitted by logging into your accounts and updating your profile information. Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Site for a period of time. We may send periodic promotional emails to you regarding membership benefits or related opportunities. You may opt-out of promotional emails by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving promotional emails, we may still send you emails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us. Where the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) applies, in particular when you are accessing the Site from a country in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you have the following rights, subject to applicable limitations: When you submit a GDPR request to us we may request additional information from you to confirm your identity. We will make best efforts to voluntarily provide the above rights to individuals outside of the EEA. We will endeavor to comply with GDPR requests within 45 days of receipt, but if we need additional time to handle the request we will notify you. Our Services are not designed for children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems. This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site. Mastodon Twitter LinkedIn Manage Cookie Consent To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. To provide the best experiences, we use technologies like cookies to store and/or access device information. Consenting to these technologies will allow us to process data such as browsing behavior or unique IDs on this site. Not consenting or withdrawing consent, may adversely affect certain features and functions. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Functional Functional Always active The technical storage or access is strictly necessary for the legitimate purpose of enabling the use of a specific service explicitly requested by the subscriber or user, or for the sole purpose of carrying out the transmission of a communication over an electronic communications network. Preferences The technical storage or access is necessary for the legitimate purpose of storing preferences that are not requested by the subscriber or user. Statistics The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for statistical purposes. The technical storage or access that is used exclusively for anonymous statistical purposes. Without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your Internet Service Provider, or additional records from a third party, information stored or retrieved for this purpose alone cannot usually be used to identify you. Marketing The technical storage or access is required to create user profiles to send advertising, or to track the user on a website or across several websites for similar marketing purposes. Manage consent