Skip to content Home Message privately Stay connected Build community Express yourself WhatsApp for business Privacy Help Center Blog For Business Download Terms & Privacy Policy Englishالعربيةঅসমীয়াবাংলাEspañolFrançaisગુજરાતીעבריתहिन्दीBahasa Indonesia日本語ಕನ್ನಡ한국어മലയാളംमराठीनेपालीOriyaਪੰਜਾਬੀPortuguês (Brasil)русскийதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยFilipinoTürkçeاردو繁體中文（香港）Englishالعربيةঅসমীয়াবাংলাespañolfrançaisગુજરાતીעבריתहिन्दीBahasa Indonesia日本語ಕನ್ನಡ한국어മലയാളംमराठीनेपालीOriyaਪੰਜਾਬੀPortuguês (Brasil)русскийதமிழ்తెలుగుไทยFilipinoTürkçeاردو繁體中文（香港） Features End-to-end encryption and privacy controls. Message and call for free* around the world. Group conversations made simple. Say it with stickers, voice, GIFs and more. Reach your customers from anywhere. WhatsApp Web archived versions European Region Our Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") helps explain our data practices, including the information we process to provide our Services. For example, our Privacy Policy talks about what information we collect and how this affects you. It also explains the steps we take to protect your privacy, like building our Services so delivered messages aren’t stored by us and giving you control over who you communicate with on our Services. This Privacy Policy applies to all of our Services unless specified otherwise. Back to top Additional Information On How We Handle Your Data Better Communication With Businesses Making It Easier To Connect WhatsApp must receive or collect some information to operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services, including when you install, access, or use our Services. The types of information we receive and collect depend on how you use our Services. We require certain information to deliver our Services and without this we will not be able to provide our Services to you. For example, you must provide your mobile phone number to create an account to use our Services. Your Account Information Your Messages Undelivered Messages Media Forwarding Your Connections Status Information KaiOS Transactions And Payments Data Customer Support And Other Communications Usage And Log Information Device And Connection Information Location Information Cookies Information Others Provide About You User Reports Businesses On WhatsApp Third-Party Service Providers How We Work With Other Meta Companies Meta Companies Third-Party Services We use information we have (subject to choices you make and applicable law) to operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. Here's how: Our Services Safety, Security, And Integrity Law, Our Rights and Protection Communications About Our Services And The Meta Companies No Third-Party Banner Ads Business Interactions You share your information as you use and communicate through our Services, and we share your information to help us operate, provide, improve, understand, customize, support, and market our Services. Send Your Information To Those With Whom You Choose To Communicate Information Associated With Your Account Your Contacts And Others In the event that we are involved in a merger, acquisition, restructuring, bankruptcy, or sale of all or some of our assets, we will share your information with the successor entities or new owners in connection with the transaction in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We store information for as long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, including to provide our Services or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, or protecting or defending our rights, property, and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis that depends on factors like the nature of the information, why it is collected and processed, relevant legal or operational retention needs, and legal obligations. If you would like to further manage, change, limit, or delete your information, you can do that through the following tools: Services Settings Changing Your Mobile Phone Number, Profile Name And Picture, And “About” Information Deleting Your WhatsApp Account Information We Collect We may amend or update our Privacy Policy. We will provide you notice of amendments to this Privacy Policy, as appropriate, and update the “Effective Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. Please review our Privacy Policy from time to time. Contact Us WhatsApp LLC Privacy Policy 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, California 94025 United States of America