 In the event there is a discrepancy between this English language version and any translated copies of the Terms of Service, the English version shall prevail. Thanks for having a look at our Terms of Service! For us transparency is very important, so our full Terms of Service are set out below, but to make it easier for you here is a short overview of the most important points: We hope you enjoy our services and that you improve your language skills with Busuu! Welcome to busuu.com (the "Site"), an online community for learning languages. The Site is owned and operated by Busuu Limited, an English limited liability company with company number 08172044 and with its registered address at Broadwalk House, 5 Appold Street, London, EC2A 2AG, United Kingdom ("Busuu"). You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without the express prior written consent of Busuu. You agree to indemnify and hold Busuu, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its and their officers, directors, agents, co-branders or other partners, and employees, harmless from any losses, damages, cost, expense (including reasonable legal fees) or other liability, arising out of any claim, demand, allegation or proceeding brought by any third party due to or arising out of your User Content, your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your breach of the Terms of Service, or your violation of any rights of another person or entity. You acknowledge that Busuu may establish general practices and limits concerning storage of data on the Service and may modify such practices and limits from time to time without notice to you. You agree that Busuu has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any messages and other communications or other User Content maintained or transmitted by the Service. You acknowledge that Busuu reserves the right to delete accounts that are inactive for a period of more than 12 months. Last updated: December 2021 English (UK) Español Italiano Français Português Türkçe اللغة العربية Polski Deutsch русский 日本語 中文 한국어 Tiếng Việt Bahasa Indonesia