 EN DE Responsible for the processing of your personal data within the meaning of the GDPR, German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG), other data protection laws applicable in the member states of the European Union and other data protection regulations is: DeepL SE Maarweg 165 50825 Cologne Germany DeepL SE The company's data protection officer is Dr. Christian Lenz, he can be contacted at the address dhpg IT-Services GmbH, Bunsenstr. 10a, 51647 Gummersbach, by e-mail at datenschutz(at)dhpg.de or by phone at +49 2261 8195 0. Data protection concerns personal data as defined in the GDPR, i.e. all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, online identifier or one or more special features. When you access our website, your device automatically transmits certain data for technical reasons. The following data is stored separately from all other data which you may transmit to us: The processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR on the basis of our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website. The data are stored for purely technical reasons and are not associated with a specific person. The data on website accesses are used for error analysis, to ensure the security of the systems and to log accesses. The storage of the full IP address for a maximum period of 14 days is in our legitimate interest according to Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR to achieve the listed purposes. We use "cookies" to provide you with a variety of functionalities and to improve your user experience. Cookies are small text files which your browser files and stores on your computer. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you can disable the storage of cookies on your computer by changing the settings of your browser accordingly. Please note that if you disable cookies in general, the functionality and scope of the website may be affected. In particular, we use the following categories of cookies: Last updated: September 2020