What is VPN All Features Blog ACCESS PRIVACY Download Apps DESKTOP Windows macOS MOBILE Android iOS OTHER DEVICES Android TV Free Tools There’s a lot that websites can learn about you using your IP address. Our tool will help you see what they know. HMA VPN for business Secure your office network and expand your business with our Business VPN solutions Team up with us Version 1.40 (Revised April 27, 2020) This policy applies to client versions: This policy does not apply to service data which may be collected by different products, such as an antivirus app, or to the operation of cookies on our website. Generally speaking, we need some personal data particularly to provide you our products and services, optimize and improve our products and services, to send you direct marketing, or to comply with our legal obligations. We try to minimize the collection of any data, we aggregate or delete it as soon as possible, and if it is not necessary we don’t collect it at all. We will describe how we process the data in the following sections. But let’s start with what we don’t collect. Personal data is understood as any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person and includes the information you provide to us while using our VPN services. More specifically, we may collect and process personal data about you in the following situations: If you use our VPN service, we collect the minimum amount of information needed to provide and operate it, as well as keep it running safely and efficiently. This is the data we collect to make sure our VPN infrastructure works (“Service Data”): We store server’s service data for 35 days, after which time it is deleted on a rolling basis — data created on Jan 3rd, 2020 gets deleted on Feb 7rd 2020, for example. We store server’s service data for 35 days In order to make sure our VPN clients do their job properly and without errors we have to know how many specific errors we have. This data pertains to interactions taken in the app, and cannot be used to uncover what you’re using the VPN service for. We store client’s service data for 2 years, after which time it is deleted on a rolling basis — data created on Jan 3rd, 2019 gets deleted on Jan 3rd, 2021, for example. We store client’s service data for 2 years When you create an account with us (note: this is necessary in order for you to use the VPN service), we will need some information about you. This is the personal data that is created and stored for the management of your account: We rely on third-party payment processors to handle your product purchases. You can find out which provider we are working with for the point of purchase you chose (for example our website, an app store, etc) by looking at your transactional email or receipt. This is the list of payment processors we cooperate with and their privacy policies: These providers are in the position of independent controllers and may collect a variety of information about you to complete the purchase. All of them are PCI-compliant or the equivalent and are prohibited from using your personal data for anything but facilitating your payment and subscription management or as otherwise described in their applicable terms of service and privacy policy. Some of that billing data may be shared with us in order to detect and prevent fraud, help with customer support, or used as a record of your payment for accounting, taxation, and invoicing purposes. This data is what we call “billing data” and it includes your name, address, email address, the product (subscription you purchased) and for how long, and payment information. Your payment provider will process your credit card number, but it is not shared with us. On our side, billing data is stored for as long as you continue to use our service, and for up to 10 years after that. If legal obligations change, or we need to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements, we may be obliged to keep this data longer than that. If you contact us by email, it will be stored for 6 months, unless required by law or other exceptional circumstances. We do this to speed up our turn around on support and to follow up. If you are a user of our service or you have subscribed on our website, we will send you such commercial communications through this channel in the form of newsletters, or blog notifications. Please note, if you don’t want to be on our mailing list, you may use the “Unsubscribe” link available in every communication we send you. Please note that if you provide us with your personal data we might be able to connect the collected service data with you. To analyze application events from our VPN clients in order to understand how our services function, or how stable or successful they are, we rely on our own analytics tools as much as possible. Here are the third-party tools we use, how we use them, and their privacy policies: Firebase helps us to understand how people interact with certain aspects of our service. While Firebase normally relies on Android Advertising ID or iOS Identifier for Advertisers, this is not the case of our service because we’ve opted to use our own anonymizing identifiers instead. As this tool is not necessary for service functioning, you can opt-out of providing us with this anonymized application performance data in our application settings. This Google tool helps us to improve application stability, pinpoint things that don’t work, and improve your experience. Its implementation doesn’t contain any information that can personally identify you. If you’re still on older versions of our service, the following analytics are embedded in them: As an optional part of the VPN service, we offer the following free extensions. The proxy extension is provided as a free tool for online privacy protection. Because of that, we need to gather different data to protect our product from abuse. If you use the free HMA VPN Proxy Unblocker for Chrome and Firefox browsers, this is the personal data that gets collected: We delete all of this data every 30 days on a rolling basis so data created on January 3rd gets deleted on February 2nd, for example. every 30 days On the client extension side, we collect data to understand how people are using the extension, troubleshoot it, and plan development. None of this can be used to specifically identify you. We delete this data after 2 years. 2 years Our IP Checker and Panic Button extensions don’t collect any data. This Common Privacy Information provides information about how we handle and protect your personal data and the choices available to you regarding the collection, process, access, and how to update, correct and delete your personal data that is common to all our products. Additional information on our personal data practices may be provided in product settings, contractual terms, or notices provided prior to or at the time of data collection. Please refer to the VPN Service Privacy Policy and Extensions Privacy Policy that complement this general policy and describe specifics of personal data processing within those products and services. We offer the following services: For specific information on each service and particular categories of processed personal data, please refer to the relevant tab named after the service in the navigation bar. Personal data is information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as the personal data necessary to provide you with our service, to create and manage your account, to handle your product purchases, to communicate with you, to optimize and improve our service, and to comply with our legal obligations. More specifically, we use your personal data for the following purposes relying on the following legal bases: On the basis of fulfilling our contract with you or entering into a contract with you on your request, in order to: contract On the basis of your consent, in order to: consent On the basis of legal obligations, we process your personal data when it is necessary for compliance with a legal tax, accounting, anti-money laundering, legal order, or other obligation to which we are subject. legal obligations On the basis of our legitimate interest, we will use your personal data for: legitimate interest When you use our service, you may be using servers located in a variety of different countries. However, there is a difference between use and storage. What little information that gets generated by your use of our infrastructure does not get stored outside of our 2 main borders: the United Kingdom and the Czech Republic. There may be some instances where, as a matter of necessity, we need to transfer data outside of these two jurisdictions. When we process the data within our group, regardless of where we are, we always implement the same level of data protection afforded by the GDPR to all personal data we process. Where we cooperate with third parties which are involved in data processing, we legally bind any party we deal with to adhere to those high levels of protection with adequacy decision or standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission, and to ensure your rights are protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. In all cases, we follow generally accepted standards and security measures to protect the personal data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We always strive to protect your data to the maximum extent we can. By using the service, you acknowledge this transfer, storing or processing. Concerning storage or retention periods, the specific terms applicable to the various types of data used for various purposes are noted in their respective sections. After these periods elapse, we will delete this data and no longer use it for that specific purpose. These retention periods may be longer where it is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations or legal orders, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, including in the court of law. As a rule, we do not disclose any information to other commercial parties, with the following exceptions: As we are part of the Avast Group, information may be shared with members of the Avast Group in order to execute on the provisions of this service, for direct marketing, or to help our product development. In all cases, they are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. It may be necessary to share some data with selected parties to deliver the service you require — such as with a payment card provider who we use to process your credit card transaction or to perform analytics via third-party analytics tools. These parties are listed in the relevant sections of this Privacy Policy. Like any other company, we too go through its own cycle of growth, expansion, streamlining and optimization. Its business decisions and market developments, therefore, affect its structure. If we are involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of our assets, your personal data may be transferred as part of that transaction. We will notify you will be notified of any such deal and outline your choices in that event, when applicable. In the event we are served with valid subpoenas, warrants, or other legal documents, or where applicable law compels us to comply, or when we are required to defend the rights or property of the Avast Group, including the security of our products and services, and the personal safety, property, or other rights of our customers and employees — we may share your personal data for these purposes as collected above. As a data subject, you have the following rights regarding the processing of your personal data: Right to information Right of access Right to rectification Right to erasure ("right to be forgotten") Right to data portability Right to object Right to withdraw consent Right to restriction of processing Right to contact supervisory authority or court The fulfillment of data subject rights listed above will depend on the category of personal data and the processing activity. In all cases, we strive to fulfill your request. We will action your request within one month of receiving a request from you concerning any one of your rights as a data subject. Should we be inundated with requests or particularly complicated requests, the time limit may be extended to a maximum of another two months. Where requests we receive are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may either: (a) charge a reasonable fee taking into account the administrative costs of providing the information or communication or taking the action requested; or (b) refuse to act on the request. For the free versions, we do not and will not maintain, acquire or process additional information solely in order to identify the users of our free products and services. This is simply not necessary for the free versions of our products to be provided to you and function. This means, when you use a free version of our service, you may contact us with a request concerning your personal data. We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards for the protection of your personal data. Access to the personal data of our users is limited to authorized personnel who have a legitimate need to know based on their job descriptions, for example, employees who provide technical support to end users, or who service user accounts. In the case of third-party contractors who process personal data on our behalf, similar requirements are imposed. These third parties are contractually bound by confidentiality clauses, even when they leave. Where an individual employee no longer requires access, that individual's credentials are revoked. We store your personal data in our database using the protections described above. In addition, we utilize up-to-date firewall protection for an additional layer of security. We use high-quality antivirus and anti-malware software, and regularly update our virus definitions. Third parties who we hire to provide services and who have access to our users' data are required to implement privacy and security practices that we deem adequate. Access to user information in our database by Internet requires using an encrypted VPN, except for email which requires user authentication. Otherwise, access is limited to our physical premises. Physical removal of personal data from our location is forbidden. Third-party contractors who process personal data on our behalf agree to provide reasonable physical safeguards. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, but we will inform you when we are doing so, and highlight the changes we are making. We also keep an archive of previous versions of this policy available for review. If you have any questions or feedback regarding these terms, you can contact us by email: info@hidemyass.com. HMA, has also appointed a Data Protection Officer, who can be contacted at dpo@hidemyass.com. We collect your personal data when you access the website www.hidemyass.com related to Privax or its brand HideMyAss! We use cookies, and other similar technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons, to remember your preferences, to personalize your experience on our sites, tell us which parts of our websites people have visited, help us measure the effectiveness of campaigns, and give us insights into user interactions and user base as a whole so we can improve our communications and products. You can find a list of the third-party cookies that we use on our sites along with other relevant information in the cookie table below. While we do our best to keep this table updated, please note that the number and names of cookies, pixels and other technologies may change from time to time. Generally, we may receive reports based on the use of third-party technologies by their third-party providers on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We may also partner with a third party either to display advertising on our site or to manage our advertising on this site and other sites using information from the cookies. You can manage the cookie setting through the cookie banner displayed when you visit our websites. After you set the cookies according to your preferences, you can still easily access and change these settings at any time by clicking on the “Cookie Preferences” in the footer of our websites. Another way in which you can communicate your cookie preferences to us is to change the cookie settings in your browser. In some browsers you can set up rules to manage cookies on a site-by-site basis, giving you more fine-grained control over your privacy. We do note, however, that not all browsers across all platforms may support this functionality. Browser manufacturers provide help pages relating to cookie management in their products. Please see below the relevant links to the main browsers: For other browsers, please consult the documentation that your browser manufacturer provides. You can opt out of interest-based targeting provided by participating ad servers through: In addition, on your iPhone, iPad or Android, you can change your device settings to control whether you see online interest-based ads in the following manner: Please note that if you disable cookies, our websites may not function properly or at all or your access to our websites and their features may be affected or restricted. This Policy was last updated on February 1, 2022. Last updated: January 1, 2023. HMA believes in full transparency and protecting our customers’ privacy. Here is the summary of customer requests received for HMA product in Q4 2022: HMA Type of request Number of Requests Requests completed in whole or in part Average time to substantively respond (in days) Access/Export data 0 Data Deletion 58 9 Do not sell Objection Opt-out from marketing emails Other 10 Total 68 United States (English)  Download our mobile apps |