× Get Email Updates from Ballotpedia Email * First Name * Last Name Please complete the Captcha above Email * First Name * Last Name Please complete the Captcha above Email * First Name * Last Name Please complete the Captcha above  Ballotpedia: Privacy policy Ballotpedia: From Ballotpedia Contents 1 Summary 2 Publishing on Ballotpedia and public data 3 Private logging 3.1 Policy on release of data derived from page logs 4 Sharing information with third parties 4.1 Advertising 5 Ballotpedia donors 6 Ballotpedia staff 6.1 Security of information 6.2 Deletion of content 6.3 Cookies 6.4 Passwords 6.5 E-mail If you read Ballotpedia, no more information is collected than is typically collected in server logs by web sites in general. Every time you visit a web page, you send a lot of information to the web server. Most web servers routinely maintain access logs with a portion of this information, which can be used to get an overall picture of what pages are popular, what other sites link to this one, and what web browsers people are using. Here's a sample from Wikipedia--which uses the same logging system as Ballotpedia--of a log for one such page view: Log data may be examined by developers in the course of solving technical problems and in tracking down badly-behaved web spiders that overwhelm the site. IP addresses of users, derived either from those logs or from records in the database are frequently used to correlate usernames and network addresses of edits in investigating abuse of the site, including the suspected use of malicious "sockpuppets" (duplicate accounts where one person logs into Ballotpedia under different names), vandalism, harassment of other users, or disruption of the site. It is the policy of Ballotpedia that personally identifiable data collected in the server logs, or through records in the database via the CheckUser feature, may be released by the system administrators or users with CheckUser access, in the following situations: Ballotpedia policy does not permit public distribution of such information under any circumstances, except as described above. Ballotpedia is committed to respecting the privacy of our donors. We collect and maintain the following types of donor information: contact information: name, complete address, phone number, email address; payment information: credit card number and expiration date, and billing information; and requests to receive updates: e.g., to individuals who request it, we will send periodic mailings and/or emails. Ballotpedia uses your information to complete a transaction, communicate back to you, and update you on Ballotpedia projects and news. Credit card numbers are used only for donation or payment processing and are not retained for other purposes. Ballotpedia will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to other organizations, and donors may opt out of having their private information shared in any fashion. Use of donor information will be limited to the internal purposes of Ballotpedia and will be kept secure. The following information pertains to Ballotpedia paid staff, who have editing access to the site. When you edit any page on Ballotpedia, you are publishing a document. This is a public act, and you are identified publicly with that edit as its author. you are publishing a document There is no guarantee against unauthorized access to any information you provide. This information may be available to anyone with access to the servers. Ballotpedia will set a temporary session cookie (PHPSESSID) whenever you visit the site. If you do not intend to ever log in, you may deny this cookie, but you cannot log in without it. It will be deleted when you close your browser session. More cookies may be set when you log in, to avoid typing in your username (or optionally password) on your next visit. These last up to 30 days. You may clear these cookies after use if you are using a public machine and don't wish to expose your username to future users of the machine. (If so, clear the browser cache as well.) Many aspects of Ballotpedia depend on the reputation and respect that is built up through a history of valued contributions. User passwords are the only guarantee of the integrity of a user's edit history. All users are encouraged to select strong passwords and to never share them. No one shall knowingly expose the password of another user to public release either directly or indirectly. You may provide your email address in your Preferences and enable other logged-in users to send email to you through the site. Your address will not be revealed to them unless you respond, or possibly if the email bounces. The email address may be used by Ballotpedia to communicate with users on a wider scale. You can remove your email address from your preferences at any time to prevent it being used. v • e Ballotpedia policy explainers Candidates and officeholders Election coverage Scope, editorial approach, and other policies Ballotpedia Executive: Communications: External Relations: Operations: Policy: Research: Tech: Contributors: Editorial