Toggle expand sub-navigation items  Open Searchbar Close Searchbar Open Navigation Privacy Policy Twitter Facebook The American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry (AAPD) respects the privacy of our members and other users of our website and mobile app.[1] This Privacy Policy addresses our use of information about you collected by virtue of your use of the website. The latest version of our Privacy Policy will always be available on the website. We welcome your comments or questions about our Privacy Policy and privacy practices. If you feel that this site is not following its stated policy, please let us know. You may contact us about this Privacy Policy: American Academy of Pediatric Dentistry211 E. Chicago Ave., Suite 1600Chicago, IL 60611 By mail: By e-mail: Although we are committed to insuring your privacy, we may be required to disclose personal information when required by law and necessary to comply with a court order or legal process.The AAPD has also implemented privacy policies that are consistent with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation. Information We May Collect About You The information AAPD collects via our website is used to improve the content and advance the AAPD’s mission. We collect: domain name and internet protocol (IP) address of visitors to our website; aggregate information on what pages users access or visit; user-specific information on what pages users access or visit; and information volunteered by users, including from surveys, purchases and/or registrations. We also may collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail. The AAPD uses cookies for a number of purposes, including administering the website and recording session information, such as items that users add to their shopping cart and user-specific information on what pages were accessed or visited. To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features on the website, members are asked to provide a unique user ID and password. AAPD’s web server tracks the domain names and IP addresses (not the individual e-mail addresses) of members entering the members-only area, but only for purposes of measuring the general number of visits, pages visited, average time spent on the site, etc. To gain access to purchased content within the Mobile App, customers are asked to create a unique user ID and password. When you download and use our Mobile App, we may also collect additional data about your mobile device, including the hardware model, operating system and version, mobile network data, and time zone. This data is not linked to personal data. How We May Use Information We Collect The AAPD and its affiliates may use your contact information to alert you to new information, products and services, events, and other opportunities. From time to time, we may also make your contact information available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. The AAPD uses information voluntarily submitted by AAPD members and others to provide members with personalized service tailored to your needs and to enable us to continually improve the convenience and functionality of this site. For example, we maintain a directory of pediatric dentists that may include information that an AAPD member submitted via our website. The AAPD has instituted stringent reviews and opt-out capabilities to ensure that you do not receive unwanted e-mail from the AAPD. The AAPD uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. When users choose to make payments via credit cards, we submit the information needed to obtain payment to the appropriate clearinghouses. We do not store or reuse this credit card information. We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Site and on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about you. Third-Party Ad Networks Users in the United States may opt out of many third-party ad networks. For example, you may go to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by . You may also go to the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) for information about opting out of interest-based advertising and their choices regarding having information used by . Opting out from one or more companies listed on the DAA or the NAI will opt you out from those companies’ delivery of interest-based content or ads to you, but it does not mean you will no longer receive any advertising through our Site or on other websites. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e., contextually based ads). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you opt out on the DAA or NAI websites, your opt-out may not be effective. Additional information is available on the DAA’s website at or the NAI’s website at . Online Behavioral Advertising and How You Can Opt-Out We may work with third-party advertising companies who may utilize cookies and web beacons, and data collected on our services, to customize advertisements to you on our services, as well as on other websites or mobile applications in their networks beyond our services. Among other things, these customized advertisements may advertise our products and services and third party products and services on websites or mobile applications not affiliated with us. Some of these ads are online behavioral advertising – which serve advertisements that are more likely to be of interest to you using non-personal behavioral information. Such ads may contain cookies that allow monitoring of websites and mobile applications (including our own services) and your response to such advertisements. Cookies or web beacons placed by these companies do not collect personal information, and the third-party advertising companies do not have access to or use your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number or other personal information; they may however, anonymously track your usage across our services and other websites or mobile applications in their networks. We limit companies that place our ads from using information for any purpose other than to assist us in our advertising efforts. For more information about these third-party advertising companies' privacy policies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s website at . If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, you can opt-out of network advertising programs that use your information. To do so, please visit: the Network Advertising Initiative’s . Your Rights To help us protect your privacy, please contact us as indicated above if you believe your information is being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected. If you do not want to receive e-mail, postal mail, telephone calls or faxes from us in the future, or if you do not want us to share your contact information in the manner described above, please provide us with your exact name, e-mail and postal addresses, phone and fax numbers and, if appropriate, AAPD membership number. We will no longer use information you so identify and will do our best to be sure any other specific contact information is removed from any list we share with other organizations. On request we provide site visitors with access to all information that we may maintain about them, including financial information, unique identifier information, transaction information, communications that the visitor has directed to our site, and contact information. On request we also offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, transaction information, and communications that the visitor has directed to the site. Children’s Privacy If you are under 18 years of age, you may not purchase products or services from, and you should not provide information to, the AAPD website without the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not collect online contact information without prior parental consent or parental notification, including an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Without prior parental consent, online information will be used only to respond directly to the child's request and will not be used for other purposes. We do not entice, by the prospect of a special game, prize or other activity, the disclosure of more information than is needed to participate in the activity. [1] The term "website" refers to , , , and any other AAPD website.