Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. They may stop providing the service at any time. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. No guarantee is given regarding quality. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. this service has a no refund policy except in the case of termination by This service. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage..  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. The service is not responsible for materials, plugins, or other content from third-party content providers. You maintain ownership of your content. You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. This service is only available to users over a certain age. You waive your right to a class action.. If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them. You have the right to leave this service at any time. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. Third parties are involved in operating the service. The court of law governing the terms is in California, U.S.A.. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes, but only if you opt out. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties