 H and R block Find an office Search SIGN IN AS DROPDOWN START SIGN IN AS DROPDOWN END Sign in Sign in to your account Enter your username, email, or mobile number to get started. OR Site navigation START: Quick Links END: Quick Links START: FAQs END: FAQs Coveo END <form id="siteSearch" role="search" class="form-search"> <div class="form-group"> <label class="reader" for="searchInput">Search</label> <input type="text" id="searchInput" name="searchbox" class="nav-input" placeholder="Search" autocomplete="off" /> <button class="icon-btn icon-circle grey btn-search" type="submit" data-track="{&#34;loc&#34;:&#34;h&#34;,&#34;nm&#34;:&#34;search block go to results&#34;}"> <span class="icon-svg"> <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" role="img" aria-label="Search in Site"> <g> <path d="M10.7 16.7C10.3 17.1 9.7 17.1 9.3 16.7 8.9 16.3 8.9 15.8 9.2 15.4L9.3 15.3 12.6 12 9.3 8.7C8.9 8.3 8.9 7.8 9.2 7.4L9.3 7.3C9.7 6.9 10.2 6.9 10.6 7.2L10.7 7.3 14.7 11.3C15.1 11.7 15.1 12.2 14.8 12.6L14.7 12.7 10.7 16.7Z" /> </g> </svg> </span> <span class="reader">Search</span> </button> </div> </form> Coveo START This H&R Block Digital Privacy Notice (“Notice”) describes how H&R Block, or one of its corporate affiliates, uses personal information collected through: Our website and online and software tax preparation products and services; The products and services offered through , , and MyBlock (it does not apply to the websites of or ), and HRBlock.com Makeeveryblockbetter.com Block Advisors Spruce Money Our mobile applications that incorporate this Notice. You can jump to particular topics by clicking on the headings below: We collect information about you in a variety of ways depending on how you interact with us and our online and software tax preparation products and services including: Directly from you when you provide it to us, such as when you register for a account, sign up to receive communications from us, request information or services from us, post information in publicly accessible blogs or community forums that may be offered on our websites, or contact us by phone, email, or otherwise. MyBlock Automatically through the use of various technologies such as cookies, server logs, pixels or other similar technologies when you interact with our websites, online products and services, mobile applications, advertisements, and emails. From other sources, including, for example, our affiliates, select business partners, service providers, online social media networks (e.g., post a message on one of our social media pages), government entities (e.g., the IRS), and other third parties (including credit reporting agencies), or from publicly available sources. For example, if you submit a job application, or become an employee, we may conduct a background check. The following provides examples of the type of information that we collect and how we may use that information. If you choose not to provide certain information we request, we may be unable to serve you as our products, services, calculators, and/or other tools may rely upon this information. Context Types of Personal Information Primary Purpose for Collection and Use of Personal Information My Block Account Tax Preparation Products and Services Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies "." Calculators and Other Tools Send a Friend Program “” California Notice of Financial Incentive Geolocation Information Email Interconnectivity Job Applicants Mobile Devices Mobile Analytics Product or Service Purchases Surveys Sweepstakes or Contests Website Interactions Web Logs Back to top In addition to the other purposes and uses described above, we may use information in the following ways, subject to applicable laws: To provide you the products and services you request. To contact you about products and services offered by us or another H&R Block company related to us by common ownership or control. To service and report on your account. To provide customer and tax support, including through the use of artificial intelligence. To identify you when you visit our websites or use our mobile applications. To improve our services and products. To communicate with you. To send marketing and promotional materials, including newsletters, publications, or other information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotions, or those of our business partners or another H&R Block company related to us by common ownership or control. To market to individuals who are not using but may be interested in our products and services. To detect and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, including violation of our policies and terms and conditions, security incidents, and harm to the rights, property, or safety of our company and our users, employees, or others, or to otherwise improve the security of our services. To debug, identify, and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality of our websites and services. To comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, to establish or exercise our rights, and to defend against a legal claim. For internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationships. For such other purposes as permitted by law or that you consent to. In addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this Notice, we may disclose personal information in the following situations as permitted by applicable law: We may share information with H&R Block companies related by common ownership or control. H&R Block Companies. If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we will also disclose information with that company, including at the negotiation stage. Persons Who Acquire Our Assets or Business. Certain H&R Block products and services are provided via independently owned and operated franchisees. In order to serve you, we may disclose your information with these franchisees. Franchisees. We disclose information to other nonaffiliated third parties for our everyday business purposes, such as to process transactions, maintain account(s), report to credit bureaus, or respond to court orders or legal process. Nonaffiliated Third Parties. The IRS and state taxing authorities may require or request that we disclose certain information to them. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, Social Security Number, IP addresses, unique device identifiers, bank account numbers, and tax return preparation user activity metrics (e.g., time to complete the tax return). IRS and State Taxing Authorities. We may disclose information, including to nonaffiliated third parties, in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, for our everyday business purposes (such as to process transactions or maintain accounts), or to comply with your request for the provision of products or services by a third-party intermediary. Other Disclosures Without Your Consent. Some of our websites may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum. If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publicly available. Public. We may disclose information we collect in connection with providing you with our tax preparation products and services to companies with whom we have a joint marketing arrangement. Marketing Arrangements. We may offer products or services of our business partners (such as bank partners that offer the Refund Transfer product and Spruce Spending and Savings Accounts) through our services. We may disclose information that is related to such transactions with that business partner. This Notice does not apply to products or services offered by our business partners on or through our services. Offerings by Our Partners through Our Services. We may disclose your information with service providers. Among other things, service providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, supervise contests, analyze, and process data, and send marketing materials to you on our behalf. Service Providers. We may disclose your information to other third parties when we have your consent or direction to do so. Other Disclosures With Your Consent. You may make the following requests regarding your personal information, but please note the choices described in this Notice are not always available. We may limit or deny a request because the law permits or requires us to do so, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you reside do not provide you with one of the choices identified below, or we are unable to adequately verify your identity. We will not discriminate against individuals who exercise their privacy rights under applicable law. You may request access to your personal information or confirmation that we have information about you. In certain circumstances, you may also request access to your data in a portable, machine-readable format. Access to Your Personal Information. You may request that we correct information that is inaccurate or incomplete. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law. Changes to Your Personal Information. You may request that we delete your personal information. If required by law, we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for other business purposes. Deletion of Your Personal Information. You may opt-out of browser-based targeted advertising (e.g., behavioral advertising cookies) by clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link on our homepage and following the instructions or by clicking . We do not currently recognize the “Do Not Track” signal. Note that if you change browsers or computers, or if you clear your browser’s cache, you may need to follow the instructions again to apply your preferences. Residents of certain states may also opt-out of other forms of targeted advertising (i.e., those that do not rely on browser-based tracking technologies) by clicking that link. Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising. customize setting The profile you create on our Community page will be publicly accessible unless otherwise indicated. You may change the privacy settings of your profile through your account portal. If you have become a member of our Community page and would like to request deletion or deactivation of your profile, you may contact us by clicking or by calling . Community Page. 1-800-HRBLOCK In certain circumstances, you may request that we limit the sharing of your information with nonaffiliated third parties or other companies by calling or clicking . Our ability to offer you certain products and services may be affected by your choice to limit the sharing of your information. Limiting Sharing with Nonaffiliated Third Parties. You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in emails that you receive, by clicking , or by calling . If you decide not to receive promotional emails we may still send you service-related communications. Please note that this paragraph applies only to personal information we obtain through your use of our services covered by this Notice. You may still receive offers from us, other H&R Block companies, or H&R Block independently owned and operated franchisees. In order to opt out from communications from our franchisees, you must contact each franchisee in accordance with its policies. Promotional Emails. Submitting Requests You can submit requests relating to your personal information or by contacting us as indicated in the “Contact Information” section. here If you are a user of our online tax return preparation products or , you may access, update, or delete some of your information from within your account. We will request personal information from you, such as your name, address, state of residence, email address, phone number, last four digits of your social security number, and your birth year to verify your identity in order to process your request. If you are a California resident, you may designate an authorized agent to submit a request on your behalf. To have an authorized agent submit a request on your behalf, we require you to submit a form that verifies your identity and that you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf. You may access that form . While we use reasonable administrative, technical, and physical efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information, we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you. You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account. If an unauthorized profile has been created about you, please contact us by clicking or calling to request to have it deleted. We retain your personal information for only as long as necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulatory requirements, serve you, maintain your account, operate our business, improve our offerings, or develop new ones, or otherwise fulfill the purposes outlined in this Notice, including satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we obtained the information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, as well as applicable legal or regulatory requirements. Subject to applicable laws, your information may be processed in a foreign country where privacy laws may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Nonetheless, where possible, we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information. Subject to applicable laws, by submitting your personal information to us, you agree to the transfer, storage, and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States. For your convenience, we may provide links to websites and other third-party content or services that we do not own or operate. The websites and third-party content to which we link may have separate privacy notices or policies. Please note that we have no direct control over the privacy practices, websites, or services that we do not own. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party website or application for details about such third party’s privacy practices. We may change our privacy Notice and practices over time. To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy. You can check the “Effective Date” legend at the bottom of this page to see when this Notice was last revised. If you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices, or if you need to access this Notice in an alternative format, please contact us by clicking , by calling us at , or by writing us at the postal addresses listed below. We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information. HRB Digital LLC One H&R Block Way Kansas City, MO 64105 1-800-472-5625 If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at . California law requires us to disclose the following additional information related to our privacy practices. If you are a California resident, the following privacy disclosures apply to you in addition to the rest of the Notice. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing, please submit a written request to us using the information in the Contact Information section above. California Shine the Light. We may offer certain programs, such as our Send a Friend program, which provides rewards and exclusive offers (the “Program”). When you sign up for the Program, we typically ask you to provide your name and contact information (such as your email address), as well as the contact information for individuals you will refer to us. Under California law, our Program might be interpreted as a “financial incentive” program, as it involves the collection of personal information. We do not assign a monetary value to the information we collect. Based on our reasonable estimate, the value of the personal information you provide to us is related to the value of the referral reward and free or discounted products or services offered through the Program. You or any person you refer to us may withdraw from participating in the Program at any time by contacting us . You can visit our for more information. California Notice of Financial Incentive. California law requires organizations to disclose whether certain categories of personal information are collected, disclosed for an organization’s “business purpose,” “sold” and/or “shared” for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising (as those terms are defined under California law). The following table describes the categories of personal information we collect, disclose for a business purpose, and “share.” Please note that in addition to the recipients identified below, we may disclose any of the categories of personal information we collect to government entities, as may be needed to comply with law or prevent illegal activity, or professional services organizations, such as auditors and law firms. We do not “sell” your personal information for money. As discussed elsewhere in this Notice, we use cookies and similar tracking technologies for purposes of targeted advertising. For more information, please see the of this Notice. Categories of Personal Information Collected and Disclosed. Information We Collect section Categories of Personal Information Collected Categories of Recipients Disclosures for Business Purposes Sharing for Cross Context Behavioral Advertising – such as name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers. Identifiers Affiliates or subsidiaries Business partners Data analytics providers Joint marketing partners Operating systems and platforms Other Service Providers Payment processors and financial institutions Professional services organizations, which may include auditors and law firms Advertising networks – this may include signature, physical characteristics, or description, or insurance policy number. Additional categories of personal information described in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) N/A – such as Social Security Number or other government identification number (e.g., EIN and TIN) Government Issued Identification – such as bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information. Financial Information – such as information about products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Commercial information – such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding an individual’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement. Internet or other electronic network activity information Professional services organizations, this may include auditors and law firms Geolocation data – such as call recordings or video surveillance. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information Professional or employment-related information Inferences drawn from any of the information listed above Some of the personal information we collect is considered “sensitive personal information” under California law. We may collect the following categories of sensitive personal information (as defined under California law): social security number, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; and account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account. This information is collected in order to process transactions, comply with laws, manage our business, or provide you with products and services. Note that we do not use such information for any purposes that are not identified within the California Privacy Rights Act Section 1798.121. We do not “sell” or “share” sensitive personal information for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. California Sensitive Information Disclosure. Effective Date This Notice was last updated and is effective January 1, 2024.