 × People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals Help Animals Urgent Alerts Our Campaigns Action Team Activist Guide Get Active Online Leaflets & Stickers News Features Videos Adoptable Animals Rescue Stories Investigations Recent Investigations Investigations & Rescue Fund Report Cruelty to Animals Animal Rights Issues Animals Used for Experimentation Food Clothing Entertainment Companion Animals Wildlife Living Living 101 Personal Care & Fashion Food & Health Recipes Parents Humane Home Animal Companions Students Students Opposing Speciesism peta2 PETA Kids TeachKind Shop Cruelty-Free Database Literature PETA Mall PETA Presents PETA SHOP About Our Story Our Views Victories Milestones Volunteer Work at PETA Intern FAQ Contact Us PETA Global Donate Now Vanguard Society ‘In Honor of’ and Memorial Gifts More Ways to Support Membership Services Gifts in Wills Search Terms and Conditions Share Post Donate By providing your name and phone number on the designated opt-in form or sending a text to the short codes 73822 or 30933, you agree to the terms herein, and provide prior express written consent for People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, Inc. aka Peta2 (“PETA”) to transmit to you recurring automated text messages and/or phone calls for any reason relating to PETA’s purpose or mission (the “Service”). . Your agreement to these terms is required only for you to participate in the Service. Such texts and calls may include content or material informing you of the commercial availability or quality of property, goods or services that relate to PETA’s purpose or mission, even if such property, goods or services are offered to the public by a third party. Such texts and calls may also include content or material encouraging, or discouraging, the purchase or rental of, or investment in, property, goods, or services that relate to PETA’s purpose or mission, even if such property, goods or services are offered to the public by a third party. Such texts and calls may be made via an automatic telephone dialing system (“ATDS”) and/or an artificial or a prerecorded voice. You are not required to agree to these terms as a condition of purchasing goods or services from PETA, donating to or volunteering for PETA, or otherwise supporting or participating in PETA’s mission, activities, or programs Your consent and/or use of the Service is governed by these terms and conditions, which include an ARBITRATION PROVISION in which you give up any right to a trial by jury in the event of any dispute. If you do not agree to these terms, do not provide your name and phone number on the designated opt-in form or send a text to the short codes 73822 or 30933. The following additional terms and conditions apply: You must be at least 13 years old to use the Service, and if you are under 18 in the U.S. or under the age of majority in your province or territory of residence, your parent or guardian must read and agree to these terms before you subscribe. PETA does not charge for the Service, but your carrier’s standard message and data rates may apply. You agree that you are responsible for paying your carrier’s charges to use the Service or, if you are under 18 in the U.S. or under the age of majority in your province or territory of residence, that you have permission to use the Service from the adult responsible for paying the carrier’s charges. PETA reserves the right to change these terms or cancel the Service at any time. Please check these terms on a regular basis for changes. Your continued use of the Service after changes are posted will mean that you accept the terms as modified by the posted changes. Messaging: The Service is compatible with most handsets. Supported carriers in the U.S. include ACS Wireless, Alltel (part of Verizon Wireless), Appalachian Wireless, AT&T, Bluegrass Cellular, Boost (iDEN), Boost Unlimited (CDMA), Cellcom, Cellular One from Dobson (part of AT&T), Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Cellular South, Centennial Wireless, Cincinnati Bell, GCI Communication, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix Wireless, Inland Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, Nextel (part of Sprint), nTelos Wireless, Revol Wireless, Sprint, Thumb Cellular, T-Mobile, United Wireless, U.S. Cellular, Verizon Wireless, Virgin Mobile USA, and West Central Wireless. Carriers do not guarantee message delivery and will not be liable for delayed or undelivered messages. Multimedia Messaging Service (MMS) alerts: From time to time, PETA may send messages with multimedia content (pictures, videos, GIFs, etc.). MMS alerts may not be available through all carriers. If your device does not support MMS alerts, then you will receive an SMS alert. Prepaid users may not be able to participate. Check with your mobile operator. To unsubscribe from PETA’s message Service at any time, simply text the word or words “STOP,” “STOP ALL,” “END,” “CANCEL,” “UNSUBSCRIBE,” or “QUIT” to one of the short codes (73822 or 30933) or in response to any text message received. For help, text HELP to one of the short codes or in response to any text message received, or contact PETA at 757-622-PETA or . [email protected] By subscribing to the Service, you acknowledge that your contact details may be shared with other PETA entities and that you have read and you agree to PETA U.S.’ privacy policy. By subscribing to the Service, you also agree that we may text you to request your e-mail address. By providing us with your e-mail address, you are opting in to receiving e-mails about PETA’s campaigns, events, and other activities, local volunteer opportunities and alerts, and membership and renewal appeals. PETA makes no representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the Service. PETA hereby disclaims all warranties, including any implied representations or warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. PETA shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, special, incidental, punitive, or other damages, even if PETA has been advised of the possibility of such damage or loss, arising or resulting from or in any way relating to your use of the Service. You expressly agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless PETA and its directors, officers, employees, servants, agents, representatives, independent contractors, and entities from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, actions, causes of action, costs, expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), judgments, or penalties of any kind or nature whatsoever arising from your use of the Service. These terms shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, except for the terms of arbitration below, which are subject to the Federal Arbitration Act (FAA) because the Service involves interstate commerce. Arbitration: You agree that any and all claims arising from or relating to this agreement, your relationship with PETA, and/or the Service shall be subject to binding arbitration under the FAA. This includes claims based on contract, tort, equity, or statute as well as claims regarding the scope and enforceability of this provision. It includes all claims by or against you, PETA, or PETA entities, or PETA U.S.’ vendors, such as Upland Software. A single arbitrator shall decide all claims and shall render a final, written decision. You may choose the American Arbitration Association (AAA), the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Service (JAMS), or another similar arbitration service provider acceptable to PETA to administer the arbitration. Consistent with the FAA, the appropriate AAA rules, JAMS rules, or rules of another service provider shall apply, as determined by the arbitrator. For AAA and JAMS, these rules are found at adr. and . Each party to the arbitration shall pay his, her, or its own costs of arbitration unless prohibited by law or the applicable arbitration rules. If you can’t afford your arbitration costs, you may apply for a waiver under the relevant rules. The parties waive any right to bring representative claims on behalf of a class of individuals (a class action waiver). This arbitration provision may be severed or modified if necessary to render it enforceable. PETA does not charge for the Service, but your carrier’s standard message and data rates may apply. Are you going to charge me for this service? To unsubscribe at any time, simply text the word “STOP” in response to any text message received or to one of the short codes. How do I unsubscribe from receiving text messages? Get PETA Updates Sign me up for the following e-mail: Current subscribers: You will continue to receive e-mail unless you explicitly opt out by clicking . By submitting this form, you’re acknowledging that you have read and agree to our and agree to receive e-mails from us. Follow Us PETA Facebook PETA Twitter PETA Instagram PETA Threads PETA YouTube PETA SMS Sign-Up PETA TikTok PETA LinkedIn In This Section Stay up to date on the latest vegan trends and get breaking animal rights news delivered straight to your inbox! “Almost all of us grew up eating meat, wearing leather, and going to circuses and zoos. We never considered the impact of these actions on the animals involved. For whatever reason, you are now asking the question: Why should animals have rights?” — Ingrid E. Newkirk, PETA President and co-author of Animalkind