Reserve the NVIDIA GH200 Grace Hopper™ Superchip at Vultr today.  Spend less than DO, get more. Get better performance, global reach, and more for less than DigitalOcean. Learn More The flexible, independent cloud AWS, GCP, and Azure aren’t built for you. Vultr is. NVIDIA GPUs on Vultr Power your AI and HPC initiatives with NVIDIA GPUs. Products Cloud Compute Cloud Storage Cloud GPU Kubernetes Networking Solutions ARTICLE Features Data Center Locations Advanced Network Control Panel Operating Systems Upload ISO Vultr Compliance Marketplace Browse Apps Become a Vendor Partners Become a Partner Cloud Alliance Company About Us Our Team Careers News SLA Contact Events Log in Sign up Contact Sales Legal Last Modified: March 25, 2021 Us, We, Our You, the User CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT Compliance and Non-Applicability Statement. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act applies to the online collection of personal information from children under the age of 13. Vultr.com does not collect any personal information about children under the age of 13. Our SITE is not designed for children under 16, and children under the age of 16 are not authorized to access or use our services. If we discover that a child under the age of 16 has provided us with personal information, we will endeavor to purge any such information as soon as possible. This Policy is current as of the Last Modified set forth above. We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Policy and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. We will post any updates to this Policy on our SITE. You should periodically check for any modifications of this Policy by re-visiting this web page. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our SITE Visitors to our SITE and services will have multiple manners of interacting with us. Depending upon your level of interaction, we will collect different information about you. We collect information about you directly from you and from third parties, as well as automatically through your use of our SITE. The type of information collected is as follows: Members Posters All SITE users and visitors We and our third party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms, including those designed for mobile applications, to track information about your use of our SITE. We may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf). Cookies. Disabling Cookies. Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies. Third Party Analytics. Do-Not-Track. Third-Party Ad Networks. We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on third-party websites or other media (e.g., social networking platforms). This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third-party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other tracking technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third-party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information, including personal information, about you. Third-Party Ad Networks. We use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes: We may share your information, including personal information, as follows: Forum Users. Affiliates. Service Providers. We also disclose information in the following circumstances: Business Transfers. In Response to Legal Process. To Protect Us and Others. Aggregate and De-Identified Information. Public Forums Member Directories Internal Messaging We have implemented reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. For example, we take measures, including data encryption, to protect the transmission of sensitive end-user information. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party “hackers” from illegally obtaining this information. We take reasonable measures to prevent such breaches of security, but given the resourcefulness of cyber-criminals we are unable to guarantee that our security is 100% breach-proof. You assume the risk of such breaches to the extent that they occur despite our reasonable security measures. Over 45,000,000 Cloud Servers Launched 45,000,000 © Vultr 2023 VULTR is a registered trademark of The Constant Company, LLC. © Vultr 2023 VULTR is a registered trademark of The Constant Company, LLC. Accept Decline