Travel guides Guides Sign up At Wanderlog, your privacy is a priority. Our Privacy Policy details what information we collect and how we use it. Travelchime Inc. (hereafter "Wanderlog", "we" or "us") legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information: Travelchime Inc. will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights: Wanderlog follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Like any other website, Wanderlog uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information. To run Wanderlog, we collect and process the following kinds of information. If you choose to sign in with Google, we will receive your email and Google account ID to help us authenticate you when signing in, and for contacting you with product updates and account changes. If you choose to connect your Gmail account to Wanderlog, we will use access to your Gmail account to solely parse travel receipts. Specifically: Wanderlog will never: All internal uses not mentioned in item 2 above will be only of aggregated, anonymized Gmail data. If you choose to sign in with Facebook, we will receive your basic profile information (your name, Facebook account ID) which we will use to authenticate you when signing in. If you grant us permission to get your email address, we will also receive your email which we'll use to contact you with product updates. If you grant us permission to see which of your friends also use Wanderlog, we will use that information only to display a list of itineraries/trip plans and other contributions that your Facebook friends have created on Wanderlog. You can also sign up for Wanderlog using your email and a password. We will retain this information to authenticate you and occasionally contact you with product updates and account changes. Once signed into Wanderlog, you may set a username, display name, and home base location to display on your profile. This information will be used as a part of your public profile on Wanderlog for readers to get to know you, and is associated with your posts. When using Wanderlog, you may select places, write comments, Like specific places, and paste images/maps into your trip logs. This data will be stored and shown when someone views a trip log that you have authored. Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Wanderlog, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit. Note that Wanderlog has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. Wanderlog's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity. Wanderlog does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records. While we strive to maintain a consistent Privacy Policy, we do update it from time to time. We may do this in some cases with limited or no notice. By using our website or app, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms. Made with ❤ in SF & more© 2023 Travelchime Inc. Wanderlog Guides and resources Get the app