 About FAQ Game Data Recent News Development Roadmap Changelog Support Contact Us Twitter Backers Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Review Policy This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information submitted by you on backloggd.com (the "Website"). By accepting our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy when you create a Backloggd account, and by accessing and using the Website, you consent to the collection, use, disclosure, storage, and processing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. By continuing to use and access the Website you are agreeing to the Privacy Policy. Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device. We use cookies to collect additional usage data and to operate our services. Many browsers' settings can be set to disable cookies. If you choose to do so, some of our services may not function correctly. Our required cookies are non-identifying and do not collect personal information, their main purpose is to keep you signed in and save personalized settings. Our non-essential cookies involve tracking non-identifying data for Google Analytics. These can be disabled here. The personal information you provide us will only be used in relation to the services we provide you, to communicate with you in relation to our services or to co-operate with any government, industry, or regulatory authorities. Backloggd is committed to ensuring the privacy of your information. Unless you have expressly authorised us to do so, we will not sell, trade, or give away any personally-identifiable information to any third party. We will hold your personal information both before and after the deactivation or your account, but only for as long as we are lawfully entitled to do so, or until you request that we permanently delete it. Your account can be deactivated in the Settings, and you can request permanent deletion via email following deactivation. When deactivated, your Backloggd account, including your username, profile, and content will no longer be viewable on the Website, but they will be retained unless and until you separately request permanent deletion via email. If you don't request deletion, then it is possible to request the reactivation of your account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. We cannot restore permanently deleted accounts. We do not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with personal data, please contact us. If you become aware that we have collected personal data from children under 13 without parental consent, we will take the necessary steps to remove that information from our servers. You are responsible to keep your email, password, and all other account information relating to your use of the Website secure at all times. You must notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of such information or any other breach of security. We are not liable for any loss or damage if you fail to comply with this security obligation. Last Updated: 07/01/2022 © Backloggd 2023 • v1.10.7 • Powered by IGDB Log a Game Warning Verify your password to continue: Incorrect -- try again Warning Verify your password to continue: Incorrect -- try again Verify your password to continue: Incorrect -- try again Agree Disagree Set your played status Played Nothing specific Completed Beat your main objective Retired Finished with a game that lacks an ending Shelved Unfinished but may pick up again later Abandoned Unfinished and staying that way Mark as unplayed Played Nothing specific Completed Beat your main objective Retired Finished with a game that lacks an ending Shelved Unfinished but may pick up again later Abandoned Unfinished and staying that way Mark as unplayed Played Nothing specific Nothing specific Completed Beat your main objective Beat your main objective Retired Finished with a game that lacks an ending Finished with a game that lacks an ending Shelved Unfinished but may pick up again later Unfinished but may pick up again later Abandoned Unfinished and staying that way Unfinished and staying that way Mark as unplayed