We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. We use some essential cookies to make this website work. We’d like to set additional cookies to understand how you use GOV.UK, remember your settings and improve government services. We also use cookies set by other sites to help us deliver content from their services. Search GOV.UK Search GOV.UK Search Search  UK HealthSecurityAgency Guidance Applies to England © Crown copyright 2021 Where we have identified any third party copyright information you will need to obtain permission from the copyright holders concerned. This publication is available at https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/nhs-test-and-trace-privacy-information/test-and-trace-overarching-privacy-notice UKHSA is responsible for planning, preventing and responding to external health threats, and providing intellectual, scientific and operational leadership at national and local level, as well as on the global stage. UKHSA will ensure the nation can respond quickly and at greater scale to deal with pandemics and future threats. This document provides an overview of how personal information about you and others is collected, used, shared, stored, and disposed of in the provision of the response to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic by NHS Test and Trace programme, which is now a part of UKHSA. It also explains your rights and how they can be exercised. This programme has the following components: Testing identifies who has COVID-19, and who has had COVID-19. The detailed privacy notice for testing can be accessed below: Tracing identifies people who have or may have been exposed to COVID-19 through contact with people who have tested positive, to advise them to self-isolate, how to obtain support whilst self-isolating and how to ensure they comply with self-isolation requirements. The detailed privacy notices for tracing and the NHS COVID-19 mobile application can be accessed below: Contain works with local authorities to identify clusters and outbreaks of COVID-19, to take coordinated action to deal with outbreaks, and to support local communities in preventing future outbreaks. The contain division has no privacy notice of its own as all the required information is outlined in the testing and tracing privacy notices. JBC is integrated into UKHSA and forms part of the government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic. It operates as a central analysis and insight function and contributes to national and local decision making. JBC brings together data science, data assessment and public health expertise to provide analysis and insight on COVID-19 in the UK. It does not collect personal information directly from individuals but instead draws upon data from a range of health and non-health sources, as well as other information feeds. This data is then analysed to advise the chief medical officers on the COVID-19 pandemic, including in relation to the alert levels for all 4 nations of the UK. The information is also used to develop insight to complement and build on this data to assist local decision-makers in taking effective action to protect public health. The data processed includes personal and special category personal information. We recognise that the use and disclosure of personal and special category personal information has implications both for us and for the individuals whose personal information we process. There is no separate privacy notice for these activities as all the required information is outlined in both this overarching notice and the respective testing and tracing privacy notices. DHSC has commissioned UKHSA on behalf of the UK government and will be the data controller for the purposes of data protection legislation. DHSC decides what information is required and how it needs to be used. If you live in Wales, Scotland or Northern Ireland, further information about your governments work to tackle the pandemic can be found here: Any automated decision making is authorised by law via our tracing division as part of our contact tracing NHS COVID-19 app. This is in compliance with the requirements of Article 22 of the UK General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR). This arises where an app user comes into contact with someone who has tested positive such that they are advised by way of a notification sent via the app to self-isolate and order a test. Our lawful basis for doing this is section 2A of the NHS Act 2006. Suitable measures to safeguard your rights, freedoms and interests have all been put in place as required by Article 22 of the UK GDPR. This means your personal information may be retained from a minimum time of 14 days (for example, as part of the passenger locator form data) up to 8 years for patient record based on the part or parts of the programme that your personal information has been processed by, before being securely disposed of. Programme applies principle of data minimisation to ensure that data processing is limited to what is necessary and not held beyond the purpose. Typical retention periods are: patient records containing (full name, date of birth, NHS number, home address, phone number, email, medical health, unique identifying codes, other personal information) – 8 years personal information pertaining to contact information held by UKHSA – 5 years users’ preferred communication methods – 3 years vehicle registration numbers – 1 year employer details – 6 years information request from other government departments or law enforcement – 42 days complaints and case files – 10 years subject access requests and freedom of information (FOI) requests – 3 years subject access requests and FOI requests where there has been an appeal – 6 years We handle your personal information in accordance with appropriate procedures and technologies to maintain and protect its security, availability, confidentiality and integrity, and prevent its unlawful or unauthorised processing, accidental loss or damage, from its collection until its destruction. Storage of data by DHSC is provided secure computing infrastructure on servers located in the European Economic Area (EEA). Our platforms are subject to extensive security protections and encryption measures. Test codes and results are taken from the testing process and provided via the National Pathology Exchange (NPEx) to the App central system and will be stored via The Health Informatics Services (THIS) hosted by Calderdale and Huddersfield NHS Foundation Trust (CHFT) systems, based in the UK. Your personal information may be used for purposes that are not directly related to your health and care. For example, it may be used by DHSC to help measure, improve and evaluate the performance, effectiveness and impact of the response to the COVID- 19 pandemic. Information about you will not be used for any purpose that is not linked to the control and prevention of COVID-19. Any releases of information that identify you will be lawful and the minimum necessary for the associated purpose. COVID-19 data may need to be shared with WHO for research purposes and where required to help trace contacts internationally. These are restricted transfers made on the basis of being important for reasons of public interest, where we rely on one of the derogations under Article 49(1)(d) of the GDPR. Under data protection law, you have several rights over your personal information. You have the right to: ask for a copy of any information we hold about you ask for any information we hold about you (for example demographic information) to be changed if it is inaccurate ask us to consider restricting our use of your information, although this is not an absolute right and we may need to continue to use your information in the interests of public health – we will tell you why if this is the case object to us using any information we hold about you, although this is not an absolute right and we may need to continue to use your information – we will tell you why if this is the case delete any information we hold about you, although this is not an absolute right and we may need to continue to ask us, in appropriate circumstances, to transfer your personal information to a recognised health authority in another country ask us, in appropriate circumstances, to transfer your personal information to a recognised health authority both in the UK and in other countries, but also to your private health provider (your record in a machine-readable format will be provided to you) Once we receive your request, members of our data protection team will endeavour to get back to you as soon as possible to confirm receipt. If you’re unhappy or wish to complain about how your personal information is used by UKHSA you should contact DHSC in the first instance to resolve your issue. If you’re still not satisfied, you can complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. You can also write to: Office of the Data Protection OfficerDepartment of Health and Social Care1st Floor North39 Victoria StreetLondon SW1H 0EU Children under the age of 16 require the consent of their parent or guardian for testing and tracing. If the parent or guardian has granted explicit consent, we will undertake COVID-19 testing on your child. As a result, we will hold the same personal information as outlined in this privacy notice for the purpose of administering the test. Where an individual under the age of 18 is investigated for potential non-compliance with self-isolation requirements, enforcement action may be taken against holders of parental responsibility, and/or guardians. We use appropriate technical, organisational and administrative security measures to protect any information we hold in our records from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We have written procedures and policies which are regularly audited and reviewed at a senior level. We keep our privacy notice under regular review, and we will make new versions available on our privacy notice page on the DHSC website. UKHSA (formerly Test and Trace, JBC and PHE) relies on section 2A of the NHS Act 2006 for the processing of personal information. The Secretary of State used these powers to amend the Control of Patient Information (COPI) notice to allow the sharing of confidential personal information between eligible permitted organisations which are outlined in the COPI notice. The Secretary of State issued the COPI notice, on 20 March 2020 (under Regulation 3(4) of the Health Service Control of Patient Information Regulations 2002). This notice was amended on 29th July and re-issued to protect public health as required under section 2A (1) of the NHS Act 2006 to extend the notice to the end of March 2021. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, UKHSA delivers the statutory obligations under the Health and Social Care Act 2012 to establish and operate the function as per the Secretary of State’s direction to protect public health. The following lawful bases may apply to testing: the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest [GDPR Article 6(1)(e)] the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation [GDPR Article 6(1)(c)] Special category data processing is necessary: for reasons of public interest in public health [GDPR Article 9(2)(i)] in the substantial public interest [GDPR Article 9(2)(g)] for the management of health/social care systems or services [GDPR Article 9(2)(h)] Data Protection Act 2018: Schedule 1, Part 1, Section 1 – employment in relation to those engaged to work at testing sites Schedule 1, Part 1, Section 3 – public health Schedule 1, Part 2, Section 6 – statutory and government purposes relating to public health and in particular the management of the COVID-19 public health emergency The following lawful bases may apply to tracing: the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation [UK GDPR Article 6(1)(c)] Where personal data is shared with other countries for the purpose of international contact tracing, the following UK GDPR derogation for specific situations applies: for the provision of health or social care [GDPR Article 9(2)(h)] necessary for reasons of substantial public interest in the basis set out in [law] [GDPR Article 9(2)(g)] for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes [GDPR Article 9(2)(j)] for the processing of data relating to criminal convictions and offences [GDPR Article 9(2)(i)] Schedule 1, Part 1, Section 2 – Health or social care purposes Schedule 1, Part 1, Section 3 – Public health Schedule 1, Part 1, Section 4 – Research Schedule 1, Part 2, Section 6 – Substantial Public Interest Schedule 1, Part 2, Section 19 – Safeguard in processing for archiving, research and statistical purposes The tracing division may also provide relevant and necessary data to a local authority or to local police forces in relation to enquiries about an individual not self-isolating or providing incorrect/incomplete information. The processing will be carried out to meet obligations under The Health Protection (COVID-19, Restrictions) (Self-Isolation) (England) Regulations 2020 and meets the relevant condition in the Data Protection Act 2018 [Schedule 1, Part 1, Section 3] of being necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health. The following lawful bases may apply to contain: necessary for reasons of substantial public interest in the basis set out in law [GDPR Article 9(2)(g)] necessary for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes in accordance with GDPR Article 89(1) [GDPR Article 9(2)(j)] Schedule 1, Part 1, Section 3 – Public Health Schedule 1, Part 1, s. 4(a to c), Conditions relating to employment, health and research purposes this page is useful this page is not useful Thank you for your feedback Report a problem with this page Help us improve GOV.UK Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank What were you doing? What went wrong? Send Cancel Don’t include personal or financial information like your National Insurance number or credit card details. This field is for robots only. Please leave blank Help us improve GOV.UK To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address Send me the survey Cancel To help us improve GOV.UK, we’d like to know more about your visit today. We’ll send you a link to a feedback form. It will take only 2 minutes to fill in. Don’t worry we won’t send you spam or share your email address with anyone. Email address