PRIVACY POLICY AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your privacy is important to us. By agreeing to and accepting these Terms , you acknowledge that certain personal information may be collected, transferred, stored, recorded, shared and used exclusively by ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and Subsidiaries and Affiliates. We are committed to safeguarding your personal information and will use our reasonable efforts to ensure that it is secure.

Please note that for users in Europe: By agreeing to and accepting these Terms, you agree that your personal information may be transferred and stored outside of EU Territories.

When you register with the Website, we ask for your personal information such as your name, email address, city, state, and country. We also collect information about your transactions with us, including how you use our products and services. We also record information from your computer hardware and browser, including your IP address, cookie information, software and hardware attributes.

We will not rent, sell, provide or share your personal information with other people or non-affiliated or non-related companies, except to trusted business partners and service providers. We will limit access to your personal information to employees, agents, and representatives who need to access your personal information in order to accomplish their functions. Furthermore, these employees, agents and representatives are obliged to keep your personal information confidential.

We will not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.

Your full and proper registration authorizes ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates the express right to use your disclosed personal information as detailed herein. We may use your personal information for the following purposes:

a) To provide you the Service
b) To market, promote and advertise the products, services, events, initiatives and activities of ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates
c) To customize ABS-CBN's, the ABS-CBN Group's and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates' advertising, promotional and marketing activities
d) To fulfill your requests for products and services
e) To conduct research, survey and perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure relative consumer interest on various products, services and activities of ABS-CBN and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates
f) To inform advertisers or sponsors how many have responded to an advertisement or promotion
g) To promote and manage ABS-CBN's, the ABS-CBN Group's and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates' customer loyalty program/s
h) To pass on information to the relevant government agency or institution for fraud information
i) To investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violation of the Terms, or as otherwise required by law
j) To transfer information if the Service is acquired by another company
k) To transfer, move, copy, record store and use your personal information outside the country where you are subscribed to the Service
l) To be used as a basis for displaying targeted advertisements in the Website
m) To respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal processes, or to establish or exercise ABS-CBN's rights or defend legal claims against ABS-CBN
n) To contact you and communicate with you for any of the foregoing purposes.
You agree that we may share and transfer your personal information with and to the ABS-CBN Group and Subsidiaries and Affiliates and that ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates may use your personal information for the foregoing purposes without further notice. You also agree to indemnify and hold ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, their officers, agents, directors, stockholders and employees free and harmless from and against and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorney's fees, in connection with the permitted use of your personal information as detailed hereinabove.

You also authorize our service provider to collect personal information that may be used to contract, identify or locate you. You also authorize our service provider to collect non-personal information that may include your IP address, browser type, your computer's operating system, what pages you view, what links you click, the amount of time you spend on certain pages and certain demographic information.

If you have questions or if you prefer that we refrain from or limit the use of your personal information, please advise us by sending an email at the following:

For users in Europe and Africa: customerserviceEU@abs-cbni.com.

For users in Middle East: customerserviceME@abs-cbni.com.

We shall continue using your personal information for the foregoing purposes until and unless we receive your advice requesting us to refrain from or limit the use of your personal information