WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
ABS-CBN International (“ABS-CBN”) allows you access to its website at www.mytfc.com website (the “Website” or “mytfc.com” or “usa.mytfc.com”), subject to the terms and conditions contained herein and in such other terms and conditions as may be applicable. If you are outside the United States, you confirm and acknowledge that you will comply with the relevant laws of California, USA in accessing and using this website. 

The Website is comprised of various web pages including, but not limited to, programming and related services provided by ABS-CBN and our various global corporate affiliates, interactive features, audio-visual, audio, video and/or content streams of television shows, movies, music and other entertainment content, or clips or excerpts thereof, owned by or licensed to ABS-CBN International and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“the ABS-CBN Group” or the “Subsidiaries and Affiliates”). 

These Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms”) constitute legally binding terms and govern your use of www.mytfc.com and the associated services which are operated by ABS-CBN. Any reference to “we,” “us,” or “our” in the Terms refer to ABS-CBN. Any reference to “you” or “user” refer to the person using the Website.

We may update the Terms from time to time without prior notice and your continued use of the Website constitute your acceptance of the Terms, and any amendment or updates thereto. Unless otherwise specified, any new feature/s of the Website shall be subject to the current Terms. Current versions, including recent updates, will be available for review on the Website.
 

PRIVACY POLICY AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

At ABS-CBN International, we are committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe viewing and online experience. This Privacy Policy applies to individuals who subscribe to the programming and related services that are provided by ABS-CBN and our various global corporate affiliates (collectively, “ABS-CBN Global”). Such services include but will not be limited to “The Filipino Channel” (“TFC”), IPTV programming services, TFC.tv, remittance services, retail and cargo services. This Privacy Policy also apples to the use of ABS-CBN and ABS-CBN Global Internet web sites and our ABS-CBN customer loyalty program. This Privacy Policy describes the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information by ABS-CBN and ABS-CBN Global. “Personal information” is information about you as an identifiable individual or from which your identity could be deduced. It includes your name, mailing address(es), e-mail address(es), telephone number(s), information about your activities and interests and other subscriber information or financial transaction information, and may include your date of birth. By subscribing to our programming services or using our websites, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Privacy Policy.

Your privacy is important to us. By agreeing to and accepting the Terms hereof, you acknowledge that certain personal information may be collected, transferred, stored, recorded, shared and used exclusively by ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group, and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. We are committed to safeguarding your personal information and will use all good faith efforts to ensure that it is secure.

Certain areas of the Website may require registration or may otherwise ask you to provide personal information such as your name, email address, city, state, and country in order to participate in certain features or have access to certain Components (as defined below) of the Website. The decision to provide your information is purely optional, however, if you chose not to provide such information, you may not be able to access certain Components or participate in certain features of the Website. When you provide information, you agree to provide only the true, accurate, current and complete information and acknowledge that it is your responsibility to keep information current.

In addition to any personal information or other information you choose to submit to us, we may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively) store or collect certain information from your computer hardware and browser, including your IP address, cookie information, software and hardware attributes, whenever you visit or interact with the Website. 

We will limit access to your personal information to employees, agents, and representatives who need to access your personal information in order to accomplish their functions. Furthermore, these employees, agents and representatives are obliged to keep your personal information confidential. We will not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.

Your full and proper registration authorizes ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group, and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates the express right to use your disclosed personal information as detailed herein. We may use your personal information for the following purposes: a) to provide your request for ABS-CBN’s products, services and/or activities, and/or information related thereto; b) to market, promote and advertise the products, services, events, initiatives and activities of ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates; c) to customize ABS-CBN’s, the ABS-CBN Group’s and its Subsidiaries’ and Affiliates’ advertising, promotional and marketing activities; d) to fulfill your requests for products and services; e) to conduct research, survey and perform statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure relative consumer interest on various products, services and activities of ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates; f) to inform advertisers or sponsors how many have responded to an advertisement or promotion; g) to promote and manage ABS-CBN’s, the ABS-CBN Group’s and its Subsidiaries’ and Affiliates’ customer loyalty and/or customer retention program/s; h) to pass on information to the relevant government agency or institution for fraud information; i) to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violation of the Terms, or as otherwise required by law; j) to transfer information if ABS-CBN is acquired by another company; k) to transfer, move, copy, record store and use your personal information outside the country where you access the Website; l) to be used as a basis for displaying targeted advertisements in the Website; m) to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal processes, or to establish or exercise ABS-CBN’s rights or defend legal claims against ABS-CBN; and n) to contact you and communicate with you for any of the foregoing purposes.

You agree that we may share and transfer your personal information with and to ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and that ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates may use your personal information for the foregoing purposes without further notice. You also agree to indemnify and hold ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, their officers, agents, directors, stockholders and employees free and harmless from and against and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees, that directly or indirectly arise from or are otherwise directly or indirectly related to the permitted use of your personal information as detailed hereinabove.

You also authorize our third-party service provider/s to collect personal information that may be used to contact, identify or locate you. You also authorize our service provider/s to collect non-personal information that may include your IP address, browser type, your computer’s operating system, what pages you view, what links you click, the amount of time you spend on certain pages and certain demographic information such as age and gender.

We do not disclose that personal information other than as described in this Privacy Policy. However, to increase efficiency and maximize the benefits of being part of a global operation, ABS-CBN may disclose personal information internally with other members of the ABS-CBN Global operations. For example, we may transfer customer personal information for storage and operations to servers located outside the US, e.g. to servers in Canada or in the Philippines.

Please be advised that if you directly disclose personal information through any ABS-CBN public message boards, this information may be collected, used and disclosed by third parties who may not be bound by our Privacy Policy. ABS-CBN also encourages you to review the privacy policies of other web sites you choose to link to from our sites, in order to understand how those sites collect, use and share your personal information. ABS-CBN is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of web sites of third parties. 

If you have questions or if you prefer that we refrain from or limit the use of your personal information, please advise us by going to the Contact Us page. We shall continue using your personal information for the foregoing purposes until and unless we receive your advice requesting us to refrain from or limit the use of your personal information.
 

YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of the Company who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to customerserviceUS@abs-cbn.com.

USE OF COOKIES

The website uses “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.

One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize ABS-CBN web pages, or register with an ABS-CBN Group site or service, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the ABS-CBN services or websites you visit.

 

MARKS AND LOGOS

You acknowledge that ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group and/or its Subsidiaries and Affiliates owns and/or has the exclusive right to use “mytfc.com”, the TFC logo, the ABS-CBN logo and other marks and logos related to the Website and the programs, channels and content therein (collectively the “ABS-CBN marks”). You agree not to use or display any ABS-CBN mark/s in any manner, and/or not to assert any right or claim thereto or ownership thereof.

 

Mytfc.com WEBSITE AND CONTENT

The Website (including past, present and future versions) and all components that are included in or are otherwise part of the Website, including without limitation to, graphics, layout, text, content, instructions, images, audio, videos, designs, advertising copy, trademarks, logos, domain names, trade names, service marks and trade identities; any and all copyrighted and copyrightable materials; the “look and feel” of the Website; the compilation, assembly and arrangement of the components of the Website and all other components related to the Website (collectively, the “Components”) are owned or controlled by or licensed to ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group or its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and are protected from unauthorized use, copying and dissemination by copyright, trademark, service mark, patent, publicity and other proprietary rights and all applicable local, federal and international laws. You acknowledge and agree that you will not, directly or indirectly, contest, challenge, aid or abet in contesting or challenging the validity or ownership of the Website and Components or take any action whatsoever in derogation of ABS-CBN’s or its licensors’ rights therein, or in breach of, any terms and conditions contained in this Terms. You acknowledge and agree that you will not acquire or claim any rights in the Components, or aid or abet anyone else in doing so.

You may only access and view the Website and Components personally and for non-commercial purpose (“Right to Use”). Your Right to Use does not grant, convey or otherwise transfer any license, sublicense or ownership of any such Components. You agree not to sell/resell, digitally stream, broadcast or disseminate, modify, rent, lease, distribute or create derivative works based on the Website or any programs or content thereof, or retain any copy/duplicate of any Components, in whole or in part, absent the prior express written authorization of ABS-CBN. 

 

USER CONTRIBUTIONS, REVIEWS AND COMMENTS

You may publish, transmit, submit, tag or post (collectively, “Post”) photographs, videos, reviews and comments that are directly relevant to mytfc.com or to the linked websites. You may also chat or send electronic communications (collectively, “Chat”) to other Website users. Posts will be deemed user contributed materials and shall be subject to the policies regarding User Posted Material detailed hereof. 

You agree not to Post, Chat or otherwise make available any of the following: a.) harsh, profane indecent, offensive or discriminatory language; b.) illegal, obscene, defamatory or objectionable materials; c.) personal information, URLs, phone numbers, contact information, home, office, mailing or e-mail addresses; d.) personal attacks on another person or entity; e.) unauthorized advertising or promotional materials or any form of solicitation; f.) software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or computer hardware or telecommunication equipment. Violation of the foregoing will result in the immediate blocking, suspension or termination of your access to the Website. Additionally, in the event of any injuries or damages resulting from such violation to either ABS-CBN, the ABS-CBN Group, or the Subsidiaries and Affiliates or other users of the Website, you may be exposed to all applicable civil and/or criminal penalties. 

You further agree not to collect, share or store personal data about other users. You also agree not to claim the identity of or misrepresent another person. 

You understand and agree that ABS-CBN will store the materials or communication subject of your Posts or Chats on its servers. Such materials will be subject to the Privacy Policy detailed hereinabove or as posted on the Website. 

 

USER POSTED MATERIAL

You understand and agree that all information, data files, written text, Post(s) or other images (collectively “Material”), which are made available by users of the Website, past and present, on or through the Website are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Material came.

ABS-CBN does not endorse any Material posted by the users and such Material does not reflect the opinion or policies of ABS-CBN and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, nor of their employees, directors, shareholders, officers, agents, or representatives. You agree to waive any legal or equitable right or remedy you may have against ABS-CBN and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, their employees, directors, shareholders, officers, agents, or representatives with respect to any Material posted by a user on the Website. 

By Posting a Material on the Website, you represent and warrant that you own the Material posted or that you have obtained permission from the rightful owner of the Material to Post, use or display it on the Website. You also represent and warrant that the Posting of the Material does not violate the right of any party or entity, including but not limited to invasion of privacy or infringement of intellectual property rights. You agree to indemnify and hold ABS-CBN, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, their employees, directors, shareholders, officers, agents, or representatives, free and harmless from and against any claim, suit, liability or damages which may arise out of or in connection with any Material which you Post on the Website. You also grant ABS-CBN and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, unrestricted, unconditional and non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, translate, publish and distribute the Material, in whole or in part, you Post or make the same available on the Website or any platforms or channels or ABS-CBN, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates.

We reserve the right, but shall have no obligation, to pre-screen, monitor, review, edit, modify, flag, refuse or remove any Material you Post or make available in the Website upon our reasonable belief that such Material is offensive, indecent, objectionable, infringes the right of a person or entity, or for any reason whatsoever at any time. 

In using the Website, you may be exposed to Material made available by other subscribers or users that you may find offensive, indecent or objectionable. In such case, please advise us of such Material by going to the Contact Us page. However, you hereby expressly acknowledge and accept that certain Material may be posted or contained on the Website that may be in opposition to your personal beliefs, opinions or taste, but shall nonetheless be lawfully permitted.

 

ADVERTISEMENTS AND LINKS

Mytfc.com may show advertisements and communications from ABS-CBN, and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Unless otherwise specified, no advertisement, communication or information shall be deemed as a binding offer from ABS-CBN, or its Subsidiary or Affiliate. Furthermore, ABS-CBN makes no warranty, representation(s) or endorsement of any goods or services offered thereof. Instead, the advertisement, communication or information may be considered as an invitation for you to purchase products of ABS-CBN and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates or to engage or avail of their services.

Mytfc.com may also show advertisements and communications from advertisers other than ABS-CBN (“Other Advertisers”). You agree that your correspondence, transactions or dealings with the Other Advertisers are solely between you and the Other Advertisers (including, but not limited to, issues related to the content of third-party advertisements, payments, delivery of goods, warranties, privacy and data security). You agree and acknowledge that ABS-CBN shall not be liable for, and that you shall hold ABS-CBN and its Subsidiaries free and harmless from, any loss, claim, suit, proceedings or damage in connection with your correspondence or dealings with the Other Advertisers. 

Other than the web pages operated by ABS-CBN which are linked to the Website, the Mytfc.com site may also contain and provide links to other internet sites or social media sites (collectively, the “Linked Websites”). We encourage you to review the terms of use and privacy policies of these Linked Websites so that you can understand how they are operated and how they collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the information used, collected or shared by the Linked Websites. You agree and acknowledge that ABS-CBN may have no control over the content, operations, policies, terms or other elements of the Linked Websites. You further agree and acknowledge that ABS-CBN shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused by your use of any content, goods or services available in the Linked Websites. No warranty, implied or express, is offered by ABS-CBN or its affiliates as to any goods or services provided by its advertisers.

 

PROMOTIONS

From time to time, ABS-CBN may conduct promotions on or through the Website, including without limitation to, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions (“Promotions”). Each Promotion may have additional terms and/or rules of participation (“Promotion Rules”), which will be posted or otherwise made available to you. The Promotion Rules for each Promotion in which you participate will be deemed incorporated into and form a part of these Terms for the Promotion(s). It is your responsibility to read the Promotion Rules to determine whether or not your participation, registration or entry will be valid or restricted, and to determine your participation requirements.

 

DISCLAIMER

ABS-CBN provides the Website, and all its Components, on an “as is” basis, and hereby expressly disclaims all representations, warranties or conditions of any kind, written or oral, express, implied or statutory, including without limitation any implied warranty of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, ABS-CBN does not ensure continuous, error-free, secure or virus-free operation of the Website.

To the maximum extent allowed by applicable laws, ABS-CBN, its shareholders, partners, affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents or suppliers shall not be liable to you or any third party for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation to, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the Website, with the delay or inability to use the Website or related services, for any information, software, products, services, content and related graphics obtained through the Website, or otherwise arising out of the use of the Website, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if ABS-CBN has been advised of the possibility of damages. Because some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not apply to you. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the Website, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Website.

 

INDEMNITY

You agree to defend, indemnify and hold ABS-CBN, its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and their directors, officers, agents, or other partners, and employees, free and harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, losses, costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of or are otherwise directly or indirectly related to your use of the Website, or activities in connection to the Website, your use of the facilities of the Website, your violation or breach of the Terms, your violation of the rights of any person or entity, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances or orders of any governmental and quasi-governmental authorities in connection with your use of the Website.

 

MISCELLANEOUS

These Terms shall be governed by the laws of California, USA. 

Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the Terms remain in full force and effect.

You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Service or the Terms must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

The section titles in the Terms are for convenience and have no legal or contractual effect.

For more information on the system requirements of the Website, please let us know through our CONTACT US page.

If you have any questions or comments, please go to the Contact Us page or send us an e-mail to: customerserviceUS@abs-cbn.com. 

Date: February 27, 2018