 Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. Your personal data is not sold. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location. Your account can be suspended for several reasons. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting. Content you post may be edited by the service for any reason. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service can use your content for all their existing and future services. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service.. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes. Your personal data is used for advertising. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines