Open Menu DoorDash Globe LineUSGet Started Globe LineUS US Get Started Our mission is to grow and empower local economies by building trust, and offering you transparency, insight, and meaningful control over your personal information. DoorDash takes your privacy seriouslyWe are committed to protecting your privacy Globe LineBuilding trust through transparency and accountabilityWe want you to know what information we collect about you, how we use it, when we share it, and what we do to protect it. We are transparent about our data collection and usage, and strive to build and retain our users’ trust. We provide you with meaningful notices and choices about your privacy and provide you with privacy controls that are easy to use.Device Pos LinePromoting privacy by designWe proactively embed privacy while designing our products, with guidance from experts in the area of data protection, privacy law, security and engineering. We have processes to incorporate new data collected or processed into our automated Data Subject Rights flows. We are dedicated to understanding and implementing robust controls over how we collect, process and use personal information.People Group LineSafeguarding and protecting your privacyWe safeguard your privacy by limiting the information others, including Dashers and Merchants, can see about you. We build security systems and tools, use security controls like two-factor authentication, and establish and enforce policies and procedures to protect personal information about you that we collect and process. You can request a copy of, choose to delete or update your DoorDash data any time. DoorDash takes your privacy seriouslyWe are committed to protecting your privacy Globe LineBuilding trust through transparency and accountabilityWe want you to know what information we collect about you, how we use it, when we share it, and what we do to protect it. We are transparent about our data collection and usage, and strive to build and retain our users’ trust. We provide you with meaningful notices and choices about your privacy and provide you with privacy controls that are easy to use.Device Pos LinePromoting privacy by designWe proactively embed privacy while designing our products, with guidance from experts in the area of data protection, privacy law, security and engineering. We have processes to incorporate new data collected or processed into our automated Data Subject Rights flows. We are dedicated to understanding and implementing robust controls over how we collect, process and use personal information.People Group LineSafeguarding and protecting your privacyWe safeguard your privacy by limiting the information others, including Dashers and Merchants, can see about you. We build security systems and tools, use security controls like two-factor authentication, and establish and enforce policies and procedures to protect personal information about you that we collect and process. You can request a copy of, choose to delete or update your DoorDash data any time. Globe LineBuilding trust through transparency and accountabilityWe want you to know what information we collect about you, how we use it, when we share it, and what we do to protect it. We are transparent about our data collection and usage, and strive to build and retain our users’ trust. We provide you with meaningful notices and choices about your privacy and provide you with privacy controls that are easy to use. We want you to know what information we collect about you, how we use it, when we share it, and what we do to protect it. We are transparent about our data collection and usage, and strive to build and retain our users’ trust. We provide you with meaningful notices and choices about your privacy and provide you with privacy controls that are easy to use. Device Pos LinePromoting privacy by designWe proactively embed privacy while designing our products, with guidance from experts in the area of data protection, privacy law, security and engineering. We have processes to incorporate new data collected or processed into our automated Data Subject Rights flows. We are dedicated to understanding and implementing robust controls over how we collect, process and use personal information. We proactively embed privacy while designing our products, with guidance from experts in the area of data protection, privacy law, security and engineering. We have processes to incorporate new data collected or processed into our automated Data Subject Rights flows. We are dedicated to understanding and implementing robust controls over how we collect, process and use personal information. People Group LineSafeguarding and protecting your privacyWe safeguard your privacy by limiting the information others, including Dashers and Merchants, can see about you. We build security systems and tools, use security controls like two-factor authentication, and establish and enforce policies and procedures to protect personal information about you that we collect and process. You can request a copy of, choose to delete or update your DoorDash data any time. We safeguard your privacy by limiting the information others, including Dashers and Merchants, can see about you. We build security systems and tools, use security controls like two-factor authentication, and establish and enforce policies and procedures to protect personal information about you that we collect and process. You can request a copy of, choose to delete or update your DoorDash data any time. Owning Your Data Privacy How do I update my account information? We provide you the ability to update and correct personal information we hold about you. To correct and update your account information, please follow the instructions below: Mobile app users: Open your DoorDash app and login Tap the account icon at the top right of the screen Tap “Manage Account” Tap on the field you would like to update and edit accordingly Click the “Save” button in the top right corner. 2 step verification may be required. Example Video Desktop users: Log in to your account on the DoorDash website Open the menu in the upper left corner Select “Account” Edit the fields you would like to update Select “Save” Verify your information through 2 step verification. On-screen instructions will guide you through the process. How do I access my data? Open the DoorDash consumer app from your iPhone Go to your account Scroll down to ‘Account Settings’, and click ‘Manage Account’ Under ‘Manage Account’, click the gray ‘Manage Account’ button You will have to complete a 2 step verification process here. This verification process protects your privacy and ensures we only honor requests from individuals in relation to their own personal information. Once verified, it should take you to the ‘Manage Account’ page. Here, under ‘Account Data’, click ‘Request Archive’. You will see a confirmation screen and will receive an email once your archive is ready to download. How do I Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing of Personal Information (Opt-out of Targeted Advertising or Ad Personalization)? Under ‘Account Settings’, click ‘Privacy’ Under ‘Marketing Choices’, click the gray ‘Learn More’ button In the Personalized Ads and Analytics screen, toggle the ‘Ad Personalization’ button to off Click the ‘X’ close button on the top left of the screen Make sure you are logged in to your DoorDash account. Scroll to the bottom of the DoorDash home site, select the link Do Not Sell My Personal Information and follow the instructions on the page. If you change your mind, you can opt-in using the same path. How do I Opt-Out of DoorDash Promotional and Marketing Notifications? Select Account and scroll down to Account Settings Select Notifications Select the notifications you would like to turn off and slide the toggle to turn off, for e.g., select and turn off Store Offers, DoorDash Offers and Recommendations. Promotional emails include an opt-out option at the bottom of the email, select Unsubscribe. Select to turn off your preferred choices (i.e., DoorDash Offers, Store Offers, Recommendations, etc): How do I Opt-Out of sharing my location? Under ‘Location Access’, click the arrow ‘>’ next to the current choice You will be taken to the app settings screen for DoorDash. Here, click the ‘Location’ button. Select the option to allow location access as desired. You will also have the choice to turn off precise location sharing How do I delete my account? The right of deletion provides an individual with the opportunity to request the deletion of their personal information. Although the right of deletion may differ from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, DoorDash offers this right to all Consumers and Dashers, in compliance with applicable law and legal obligations. To exercise this right, please follow the instructions below: DoorDash offers this right to all Consumers and Dashers . You may have to complete a 2 step verification process here. This verification process protects your privacy and ensures we only honor requests from individuals in relation to their own personal information. Once verified, it should take you to the ‘Manage Account’ page. Here, under ‘Account Data’, click ‘Delete Account’. A 2 step verification will be required here to confirm deletion of your account. For Merchants/Service Providers/Non-Dasher Independent Contractors: Frequently Asked Questions How does DoorDash use my personal information? DoorDash’s use of your personal information will vary based upon your relationship with DoorDash (e.g., whether you are a consumer, dasher, merchant, job applicant, etc.), and your choices and preferences in data usage. In general terms, we use your personal information to operate and administer our business and provide you with the products and services you order through our platform; to enhance our services to you, and maintain our platform; to protect your security, information, and interests from any type fraudulent activity; to protect our platform from fraud or violation of our terms of service; to comply with applicable law; to communicate with you; to provide you a personalized experience in the app; and to provide meaningful recommendations by way of marketing and advertising. For more information, please review the applicable privacy policy: What categories of personal information does DoorDash collect about you? This will vary based upon your relationship with DoorDash (e.g., whether you are a consumer, dasher, merchant, job applicant, etc.). Some of the categories of personal information we collect about you include information you provide us directly, information received from you as part of your communication with us or Dashers, information collected autonomically (i.e., technical information, usage information and platform preferences), location information and more. For more information, please review the applicable privacy policy: Does DoorDash use or disclose users’ sensitive personal information?Chevron DownWe do not use or disclose your sensitive data or sensitive personal information for purposes other than to perform the services reasonably expected by an average consumer, for security and legal reasons, with your consent, and/or for other purposes permitted by applicable law. Does DoorDash use or disclose users’ sensitive personal information? We do not use or disclose your sensitive data or sensitive personal information for purposes other than to perform the services reasonably expected by an average consumer, for security and legal reasons, with your consent, and/or for other purposes permitted by applicable law. What can Dashers see about me?Chevron DownDashers can only see information related to the order they are delivering, they do not have access to consumers’ personal information, except for what is necessary for them to fulfill the delivery (i.e., the address for the delivery, first name and last initial to confirm identity while dropping off, and any delivery instructions). What can Dashers see about me? Dashers can only see information related to the order they are delivering, they do not have access to consumers’ personal information, except for what is necessary for them to fulfill the delivery (i.e., the address for the delivery, first name and last initial to confirm identity while dropping off, and any delivery instructions). Does DoorDash share personal information of registered users with third parties?Chevron DownYes, but we only share your personal information with third parties for storage and processing, fraud prevention and to meet our legal obligations. Does DoorDash share personal information of registered users with third parties? Yes, but we only share your personal information with third parties for storage and processing, fraud prevention and to meet our legal obligations. What is the difference between DoorDash marketing and ads managed through third party processes? How can I unsubscribe from Ads? DoorDash may engage in marketing activities through channels or mechanisms managed by DoorDash (e.g., sending marketing communications through email, push notification, etc.) and by delivering tailored advertising on DoorDash’s platforms. DoorDash may also engage third-parties to deliver both tailored and non-tailored advertising on such third-party platforms. Users of mobile devices who do not want to receive interest-based advertising may opt-out in several ways. What is the difference between deleting and deactivating my account?Chevron DownWhen you deactivate your account, the account and information associated with it will be available if you return at a future time. Deactivating your account does not delete it. Deleting your account is a permanent option, because you are permanently closing it and all information associated with your account will be deleted or de-identified. What is the difference between deleting and deactivating my account? When you deactivate your account, the account and information associated with it will be available if you return at a future time. Deactivating your account does not delete it. Deleting your account is a permanent option, because you are permanently closing it and all information associated with your account will be deleted or de-identified. When you deactivate your account, the account and information associated with it will be available if you return at a future time. Deactivating your account does not delete it. Deleting your account is a permanent option, because you are permanently closing it and all information associated with your account will be deleted or de-identified. What happens to the ID images I provide to my Dasher for alcohol orders? How do I delete and access my data as an unregistered user? Does DoorDash disclose users’ data to law enforcement authorities?Chevron DownYes, if required by law, DoorDash may have to disclose or preserve your personal information in order to comply with any applicable law, legal process, or other regulatory and governmental request. Does DoorDash disclose users’ data to law enforcement authorities? Yes, if required by law, DoorDash may have to disclose or preserve your personal information in order to comply with any applicable law, legal process, or other regulatory and governmental request. Where can I find out more about collection and usage of Job Applicant or Former Employee personal information? English (US)Español (US)English (CA)Français (CA)English (AU)English (NZ)