my subreddits - | use the following search parameters to narrow your results: e.g. subreddit:aww site:imgur.com dog this post was submitted on 19 Oct 202164 points (88% upvoted)shortlink: this post was submitted on 19 Oct 2021 this post was submitted on 64 points (88% upvoted) 64 points shortlink: login Get an ad-free experience with special benefits, and directly support Reddit. 55,632 readers 55,632 readers 28 users here now 28 users here now A subreddit for cataloging, dispersing and sharing all reddit alternatives out there. Miss the old reddit? Yearn for how it "used to be" or just want something different? No matter the reason, this is the subreddit for you. a community for 11 years MODERATORS X 12 · 14 comments 12 14 comments What does Lemmy offer if I don't really care about federated instances? 8 · 3 comments 8 3 comments Raddle turned 7 years old this week, is it the oldest running alternative now? 0 · 5 comments 0 5 comments Seeking Partners for a Startup 46 · 6 comments 46 6 comments Lemmy v0.19.0 Release - Instance blocking, Scaled sort, and Federation Queue 40 · 23 comments 40 23 comments Not full of children? 15 · 11 comments 15 11 comments Social websites with nested comments v5 3 · 18 comments 3 18 comments Just About has gone into Beta 35 · 57 comments 35 57 comments Why are there so few alternatives? 18 · 5 comments 18 Looking for strange, active-to-somewhat active forums to pore over late at night. 50 · 5 comments 50 In november, number of active user on Lemmy started to grow again and number of monthly comment has beaten June record 636465 63 65 Ruqqus was a free-speech website. But then they did the initial bans. I wasn't opposed to it because from what I heard, they were breaking the rules on violence. Then there were even more ban waves and crackdowns. I didn't mind it too much, I would just boot them down on the free speech inventory. Then, they crapped themselves. They shut down the website because they didn't like the content. They really just made a free speech website, and then quit when they didn't like what was being said. They shut down the whole site after banning the people they didn't like. I also heard that they butchered implementing their new rules, so I'm pretty sure they didn't care about actually having free speech. They banned the people they didn't like and still shut down the website. They also branded themselves as a free speech website and didn't expect that people who get banned from other forms of social media to swarm there. Hell, they made a politics and racial slur filter, so they could've banned controversial content from getting on the front page and artificially boosting the regular content like memes and such if they were concerned with marketing. Yeah it sounds like censorship but if people turned off the slur bar they could see it, which would allow for free speech. it would basically be an advanced version of blocking people. And yet they shut down the sub. Because they couldn't think of how advertising themselves as anti-censorship could backfire, or think about how to address it without harming free speech (hell, they probably agree with Rationalwiki about everything, just post a link to them like on quarantined subs links to anti-racism and CDC). Fucking geniuses. And then they close the site early so I can't archive anything I posted, even if it wasn't the content they hated. And they also promised a link on how to download the source code, and all I see is them complaining about the userbase being stupid (yeah, it sucks they thought you bought out by China river a Biden meme, welcome to free speech) while failing to address that they could've made better decisions. Fucking fantastic. Ruqqus was a free-speech website. But then they did the initial bans. I wasn't opposed to it because from what I heard, they were breaking the rules on violence. Then there were even more ban waves and crackdowns. I didn't mind it too much, I would just boot them down on the free speech inventory. Then, they crapped themselves. They shut down the website because they didn't like the content. They really just made a free speech website, and then quit when they didn't like what was being said. They shut down the whole site after banning the people they didn't like. I also heard that they butchered implementing their new rules, so I'm pretty sure they didn't care about actually having free speech. They banned the people they didn't like and still shut down the website. They also branded themselves as a free speech website and didn't expect that people who get banned from other forms of social media to swarm there. Hell, they made a politics and racial slur filter, so they could've banned controversial content from getting on the front page and artificially boosting the regular content like memes and such if they were concerned with marketing. Yeah it sounds like censorship but if people turned off the slur bar they could see it, which would allow for free speech. it would basically be an advanced version of blocking people. And yet they shut down the sub. Because they couldn't think of how advertising themselves as anti-censorship could backfire, or think about how to address it without harming free speech (hell, they probably agree with Rationalwiki about everything, just post a link to them like on quarantined subs links to anti-racism and CDC). Fucking geniuses. And then they close the site early so I can't archive anything I posted, even if it wasn't the content they hated. And they also promised a link on how to download the source code, and all I see is them complaining about the userbase being stupid (yeah, it sucks they thought you bought out by China river a Biden meme, welcome to free speech) while failing to address that they could've made better decisions. Fucking fantastic. all 168 comments sorted by: best Want to add to the discussion?Post a comment!Create an account Post a comment! Create an account 27 points 28 points 29 points BeatingDeadHorse.gif 17 points 18 points 19 points The terrifying thing is that so many people who claim to support free speech actually have NO UNDERSTANDING of it. They don't understand that free speech includes the right for people to say things you absolutely hate. 3 points 4 points 5 points The website was ruined by spam though. Freespeech was abused by its own proponents. All they did was 24/7 talk some racist shit. Ok great you get to say what you want without getting banned, but you made the website such a boring echo chamber nobody wanted to use it anymore, so people left before it got shut down. At the time it got shut down the only users were racist retards. The website was ruined by spam though. Freespeech was abused by its own proponents. All they did was 24/7 talk some racist shit. Ok great you get to say what you want without getting banned, but you made the website such a boring echo chamber nobody wanted to use it anymore, so people left before it got shut down. At the time it got shut down the only users were racist retards. 0 points 1 point 2 points Ah yes, the natural course of unfettered free speech online... overwhelmed by bots. Yeah bro, anyone who says anything that offends the occupational government is DEFINATELY A BOT. [deleted] 6 points They flipped their policies overnight, going from ultra-free-speech as their marketing, to being flagrantly anti-free speech, with little to no warning. It makes me wonder what spooked the admins. They flipped their policies overnight, going from ultra-free-speech as their marketing, to being flagrantly anti-free speech, with little to no warning. It makes me wonder what spooked the admins. They said they had real world consequences. What ever that means Anti-China speech probably. Everyone who does something awful is funded by the PRC, whether it’s Western politicians, Middle Eastern politicians, Asian politicians, the news, or basically anyone else. 20 points 21 points 22 points Nobody mentioned it yet so - daily reminder they pandered to discord sycophants while ignoring the wishes of the ruqqus userbase at large. 10 points 11 points 12 points Pretty sure carpathianflorist single handedly destroyed that site. I think that, with admins that dumb, he just spent a lot of time and effort doing what somebody else would inevitably have done anyways. Just one more reason carp is the best 25 points 26 points Not really that complicated. The Ruqqus admins were dorks that were so socially incompetent that some tard was able to manipulate all of them by getting six or so other tards to pretend to be their friends. Kind of funny when you think about the fact that they missed out on a passive income source that would've given them thousands of dollars a month if they hadn't cucked. Not really that complicated. The Ruqqus admins were dorks that were so socially incompetent that some tard was able to manipulate all of them by getting six or so other tards to pretend to be their friends. Kind of funny when you think about the fact that they missed out on a passive income source that would've given them thousands of dollars a month if they hadn't cucked. -3 points -2 points -1 points Income from what? How many companies buy ads next to racist shit? 7 points 8 points 9 points From the thousands of dollars in donations they were getting every month, you tard. That percent thing on the side was out of $1k, and it managed to make it there regularly even after nine tenths of the users had left. Also, you are aware that 4chan has ads, right? Like, even /pol/. From the thousands of dollars in donations they were getting every month, you tard. That percent thing on the side was out of $1k, and it managed to make it there regularly even after nine tenths of the users had left. Also, you are aware that 4chan has ads, right? Like, even /pol/. I agree. Hobby and non-pol guilds were growing. +itspeeg and his Pinball Cabinet were awesome. I think that’s genuinely why they didn’t like it. I heard the site was owned by China. People with anti-China biases who aren’t losers like Stormfront despite there being a decent amount of /pol/ level content wouldn’t have helped. There was a bit of 50-cent army and Russian Hero interest, but it really wasn't serious. Just common run-of-the-mill trolls. Was a shame, but the die is cast now. The trolls are operating a Ruqqus fork, trying to find new lolcows, without a whole lotta success, and just look pathetic these days. 13 points There are business models that would work Cool. like what? Selling right wing merchandise. Think like let’s go Brandon tshirts .Selling ad space directly to users. Basically look at how gab and infowars monetize Alright I can see that working. I think the reason I don't like it is if you are setting up a platform as a proponent of free speech shouldn't the platform be agnostic in the discussion? If you are selling right wing merch then are you driving away non-right wing opinions which defeats the purpose of a place for everyone to talk? I don't think so. You want to offer what ever the user base will buy. If your user base is right of center you will naturally offer stuff they want to buy. Problems come when you have advertisers demand you censor stuff. So it needs to be baked into the site rules not to allow that. I don't think so. You want to offer what ever the user base will buy. If your user base is right of center you will naturally offer stuff they want to buy. Problems come when you have advertisers demand you censor stuff. So it needs to be baked into the site rules not to allow that. you make it sound easy, but that brings a huge amount of heat towards your platform and you as a person. thats one of the reasons .win lost the td domain right? and most people with the knowledge of bringing up and maintaining a site like this can already make "thousands of dollars a month" with a normal job. you make it sound easy, but that brings a huge amount of heat towards your platform and you as a person. Well for starters don't do it in your real name. you make it sound easy, but that brings a huge amount of heat towards your platform and you as a person. Well for starters don't do it in your real name. The altright has a proper business sense, I see! I'm right of center but pretty far from alt right. In a Interracial Marriage. Coulda been 10x Gab, but admins had a total dumbass moment, followed by a complete failure of backbone, and lack of cojones. Bullshit about the Nazis, they were manageable, just needed better policing on the front page. Non political guilds were there, and had some good growth. Coupla really interesting nonpols, including a dude who made building a pinball cabinet damn interesting. Some good thoughtful OC, even in the pol guilds. Agree about letting obvious troll fuck their shit up. Obvious troll now running a Ruqqus clone, that nobody takes seriously. Had his 7 1/2 mins of fame, now back in wannabe mode. Trying to drum up drama on Reddit after he got permabanned, until some powermod shops him to the admins, and then crispy burnt bread in Snoo-land again. Shame, but cookie crumbled like that. Coulda been 10x Gab, but admins had a total dumbass moment, followed by a complete failure of backbone, and lack of cojones. Bullshit about the Nazis, they were manageable, just needed better policing on the front page. Non political guilds were there, and had some good growth. Coupla really interesting nonpols, including a dude who made building a pinball cabinet damn interesting. Some good thoughtful OC, even in the pol guilds. Agree about letting obvious troll fuck their shit up. Obvious troll now running a Ruqqus clone, that nobody takes seriously. Had his 7 1/2 mins of fame, now back in wannabe mode. Trying to drum up drama on Reddit after he got permabanned, until some powermod shops him to the admins, and then crispy burnt bread in Snoo-land again. Shame, but cookie crumbled like that. What is this ruqqus-clone? I hope all the edgyright-trolls found nest in communties.win and future reddit-alts have easier time if that bunch has a comfortable stable for themselves. What is this ruqqus-clone? I hope all the edgyright-trolls found nest in communties.win and future reddit-alts have easier time if that bunch has a comfortable stable for themselves. Only ones not smoking anything are the alt righters, of course. Cultured m’sirs listening to daddy Peterson. [removed] Rdrama dot net Sad, pathetic Nazis, are the worst Nazis. Kids, never forget the S in NSDAP. Sad, pathetic Nazis, are the worst Nazis. Kids, never forget the S in NSDAP. Tankie. Your site still sux. "Gonna conker the werld with our new Gab, with bad '90s web design." Would ask you to gimme a break, but youre not fucking capable. Tankie. Your site still sux. "Gonna conker the werld with our new Gab, with bad '90s web design." Would ask you to gimme a break, but youre not fucking capable. Blablablabla [insert tired "edgy" keyword here cope/seethe/dilate] blablabla. Schizo crazy insane blablablabla, ad hominem bla bla bla. When your site isnt a crappy weeb wannabe, its still a shasterpiece of blinking crap with the functionality of a potato. Youre at 70k on alexa and gonna conker the werld! Tankie. Now go back to your circle-jerk. No one likes you. Blablablabla [insert tired "edgy" keyword here cope/seethe/dilate] blablabla. Schizo crazy insane blablablabla, ad hominem bla bla bla. When your site isnt a crappy weeb wannabe, its still a shasterpiece of blinking crap with the functionality of a potato. Youre at 70k on alexa and gonna conker the werld! Tankie. Now go back to your circle-jerk. No one likes you. What, for your blinking mutual onanistic trolly tankie party? You guys go be "awesome" together in your mutual felch-fest. The rest of us will be somewhere else, far away. What, for your blinking mutual onanistic trolly tankie party? You guys go be "awesome" together in your mutual felch-fest. The rest of us will be somewhere else, far away. We strive to rekindle the fun and nonserious nature of the late-90s/early-00s internet, leveraged with modern technological capabilities to add utility that just wouldn’t have been anywhere near possible back then. Before the internet became a series of soulless corporate checklists and rounded edges and soft color palettes. Is it true you can ban users for money? Hit up Mirsky. Was a good dude in the '90s. Unlike that shitty website. But you go retro, you do you. I'd hate to see what you wear when you go out. Hit up Mirsky. Was a good dude in the '90s. Unlike that shitty website. But you go retro, you do you. I'd hate to see what you wear when you go out. It's intentionality bad to keep away people like ciompo y'all seem pretty heavy on mocking trans people despite the banner That you think that defines what's left or right is hilarious. Imagine telling someone that in 2021, whether your a Republican or Democrat comes down to whether or not you say out loud that you're not attracted to trans people. y'all seem pretty heavy on mocking trans people despite the banner That you think that defines what's left or right is hilarious. Imagine telling someone that in 2021, whether your a Republican or Democrat comes down to whether or not you say out loud that you're not attracted to trans people. Trans people deserve mocking. Everyone does ugh. dont wanna talk to that hand. I think I know what youve been doing with it, and frankly, im disgusted. at least wash it afterwards. ugh. dont wanna talk to that hand. I think I know what youve been doing with it, and frankly, im disgusted. at least wash it afterwards. Some of us are rightoids. Some of us are leftoids Some of us are neither. There are no sacred cows on subredditdrama's official site. Yikes you forgot to add “trans lives matter” I don't understand the hate. The admins on Ruqqus clearly stated many times that they didn't want to be full time non-paid content janitors. All the risk was on their side (look at Moot getting subpeona'd by the FBI)... who want's that so a bunch of edgelord can spam joo and n****r threads all day? Something happened around the time they felt the need to define what "online violence" is. I can just imagine them sitting at home and the phone rings and it's the cops asking about why "il_ciompo" is spamming "death to the joos" threads incessantly. Source code is there, instructions are there, nothing preventing you from putting up your own clone and fielding calls from the cops at night. I don't understand the hate. The admins on Ruqqus clearly stated many times that they didn't want to be full time non-paid content janitors. All the risk was on their side (look at Moot getting subpeona'd by the FBI)... who want's that so a bunch of edgelord can spam joo and n****r threads all day? Something happened around the time they felt the need to define what "online violence" is. I can just imagine them sitting at home and the phone rings and it's the cops asking about why "il_ciompo" is spamming "death to the joos" threads incessantly. Source code is there, instructions are there, nothing preventing you from putting up your own clone and fielding calls from the cops at night. It completely contradicts their marketing they've had up for 2+ years about being "free speech" and "censorship free by design." So what, I used to love the Arch Delux hamburger they had at McDonald's in the 90s. It was a fucking awesome burger by fast food standards. I'd only go to McDonald's for the Arch Delux and then one day I went and they told me they didn't make the Arch Delux anymore, sorry. I didn't lay down in the parking lot of McDonald's and sneed uncontrollably. I didn't suggest they restructure their business model, re-organize their menu, hire more kitchen staff, so I could have my Arch Delux burger. Even though I was a staunch supporter, even though I'd spent a lot of bucks eating those filthy unhealthy burgers - I realized that McDs wanted to go another direction and I accepted it. I live with the fond memories of my Arch Delux burger to this day, but I got the fuck over it. It completely contradicts their marketing they've had up for 2+ years about being "free speech" and "censorship free by design." So what, I used to love the Arch Delux hamburger they had at McDonald's in the 90s. It was a fucking awesome burger by fast food standards. I'd only go to McDonald's for the Arch Delux and then one day I went and they told me they didn't make the Arch Delux anymore, sorry. I didn't lay down in the parking lot of McDonald's and sneed uncontrollably. I didn't suggest they restructure their business model, re-organize their menu, hire more kitchen staff, so I could have my Arch Delux burger. Even though I was a staunch supporter, even though I'd spent a lot of bucks eating those filthy unhealthy burgers - I realized that McDs wanted to go another direction and I accepted it. I live with the fond memories of my Arch Delux burger to this day, but I got the fuck over it. No it was well documented and communicated to the community directly and honestly. People change their minds, things change all the time, the website was free to use and didn't cost you anything. It was fun while it lasted. To everything there is a season, a time to live and a time to die. Such is life. No it was well documented and communicated to the community directly and honestly. People change their minds, things change all the time, the website was free to use and didn't cost you anything. It was fun while it lasted. To everything there is a season, a time to live and a time to die. Such is life. Many more of us are in the (both cap L and not) libertarian world. But to most of us, Ruqqus, and its codebase, had its turn and failed. We've moved on. No trust for the devs, who were the admins. The admins on Ruqqus clearly stated many times that they didn't want to be full time non-paid content janitors. They didn't have to be. They were perfectly within their rights - and would've been far better at upholding the claimed purpose of the site - to just not bother and leave it up to the guild mods. All they had to do was keep the site itself up and running and let the users handle the content. Had they done that the site would still be running today instead of just another example of the fact there is absolutely zero market for a left-wing reddit clone, just like its predecessor Imzy. The admins on Ruqqus clearly stated many times that they didn't want to be full time non-paid content janitors. They didn't have to be. They were perfectly within their rights - and would've been far better at upholding the claimed purpose of the site - to just not bother and leave it up to the guild mods. All they had to do was keep the site itself up and running and let the users handle the content. Had they done that the site would still be running today instead of just another example of the fact there is absolutely zero market for a left-wing reddit clone, just like its predecessor Imzy. Nope. They were ultimately responsible because their names were on the LLC. If some lazy or willfully ignorant guildmaster allowed illegal content to be posted the cops would be at their door not the guildmasters. And that's what was happening. The only options that had would be to ban and censor offending guilds which went against the whole spirit of the site. If you want to blame anyone blame the legislators who have been pushing harder and harder for years to criminalize "hate speech" and blame the edgelords who spammed it incessently for lulz. Nope. They were ultimately responsible because their names were on the LLC. If some lazy or willfully ignorant guildmaster allowed illegal content to be posted the cops would be at their door not the guildmasters. And that's what was happening. The only options that had would be to ban and censor offending guilds which went against the whole spirit of the site. If you want to blame anyone blame the legislators who have been pushing harder and harder for years to criminalize "hate speech" and blame the edgelords who spammed it incessently for lulz. Sneed For what it’s worth I plan to make wolfballs.com like how Ruqqus used to be and will be making a export feature. People are just going to assume your site is bestiality. Or at best werewolf erotica. Better than white supremacy I suppose White supremacy is legal and bestiality isn’t even though werewolf erotica is definitely better than white supremacy. We have like 1 or two people who vocally disapprove of diversity. They can say what they want in their communities. I just don’t want the site to be labeled racist because that’s not what I’m about. Just don’t like censorship Yeah that’s exactly the kind of content I made wolfballs for. We won’t censor that. That’s what I loved about Ruqqus ... that's a good thing to you? some asshole telling antivaxxers that the vaccines are lethal injections and encouraging them not only to continue putting society at risk, but also make fun of anybody who's responsible or considers science in making medical decisions? That's the kind of misinformation you want to support? ... that's a good thing to you? some asshole telling antivaxxers that the vaccines are lethal injections and encouraging them not only to continue putting society at risk, but also make fun of anybody who's responsible or considers science in making medical decisions? That's the kind of misinformation you want to support? I disagree, miss information is removing all side effects and bad outcomes from the discussion. If you disagree with comment say why. That’s how it should be I disagree, miss information is removing all side effects and bad outcomes from the discussion. If you disagree with comment say why. That’s how it should be That meme wasn't about a side effect or actual outcome. It just called the vaccines "lethal injections (vaccines obviously are not lethal, and there's no factual basis for even pretending they are) and the idea of a "global scientific dictatorship is as dangerous a conspiracy theory as it is idiotic. But your idea is that we have to focus on side effects, and the worst side effects, including the ones that clearly aren't side effects, but just "my uncle got the vaccine and two weeks later he got hit by a car, coincidence?" I'm not stupid enough to join a site whose main selling point is "we won't moderate anything no matter how dangerous it may be," and I'm certainly not stupid enough to argue with a fucking antivaxxer on there. You cannot convince an antivaxxer of anything. He's a conspiracy theorist. Talking to conspiracy theorists will always dig them deeper into their own confirmation bias, especially when they're actively arguing that science is the conspiracy. How could you convince somebody that stupid of anything? Get their televangelist to make up an even stupider conspiracy? That meme wasn't about a side effect or actual outcome. It just called the vaccines "lethal injections (vaccines obviously are not lethal, and there's no factual basis for even pretending they are) and the idea of a "global scientific dictatorship is as dangerous a conspiracy theory as it is idiotic. But your idea is that we have to focus on side effects, and the worst side effects, including the ones that clearly aren't side effects, but just "my uncle got the vaccine and two weeks later he got hit by a car, coincidence?" I'm not stupid enough to join a site whose main selling point is "we won't moderate anything no matter how dangerous it may be," and I'm certainly not stupid enough to argue with a fucking antivaxxer on there. You cannot convince an antivaxxer of anything. He's a conspiracy theorist. Talking to conspiracy theorists will always dig them deeper into their own confirmation bias, especially when they're actively arguing that science is the conspiracy. How could you convince somebody that stupid of anything? Get their televangelist to make up an even stupider conspiracy? You’ve got a couple key points wrong there I believe. Not to important though. Wolfballs is part of the fediverse. It’s one instance of many. It sounds like you would enjoy lemmy more. They share your opinion on censorship Who told you my opinion on censorship? And does anybody really federate with your dumpster fire of a network? Who told you my opinion on censorship? And does anybody really federate with your dumpster fire of a network? imo there isn't enough demand to make a reddit alternative that censors just like reddit. There is huge potential for a censorship free platform. Or atleast a very high bar to censor. Ruqqus proved that at it's height. Great thing about federation is different instances can experiment with different policies and everyone benefits from any growth anywhere. Nobody benefits from your instance's growth. Censorship and moderation are not the same thing. Encouraging misinformation to the point where you believe it yourself is not a feature, it's a bug. Nobody benefits from your instance's growth. Censorship and moderation are not the same thing. Encouraging misinformation to the point where you believe it yourself is not a feature, it's a bug. they also promised a link on how to download the source code this what you're looking for? i wouldnt put it past the anti-free-speech people to orchestrate this whole shit. many of them literally have nothing else to do in their life. if youve ever seen some of the drama go down with reddit moderation, these people will sit as underlings in reddit mod lists for like the better part of a decade, just waiting for a chance to strike and shut down communities or 180 their entire direction. it would make sense it would extend to them sabotaging external websites as well, anything they can infiltrate. this is yet another reason the only viable replacements for social media is going to be P2P. it has to be designed without a central power structure such that there is nothing to infiltrate and then abuse. i wouldnt put it past the anti-free-speech people to orchestrate this whole shit. many of them literally have nothing else to do in their life. if youve ever seen some of the drama go down with reddit moderation, these people will sit as underlings in reddit mod lists for like the better part of a decade, just waiting for a chance to strike and shut down communities or 180 their entire direction. it would make sense it would extend to them sabotaging external websites as well, anything they can infiltrate. this is yet another reason the only viable replacements for social media is going to be P2P. it has to be designed without a central power structure such that there is nothing to infiltrate and then abuse. completely delusional they do it for every single url or platform they are able to. they have nothing but time on their hands, and do this shit like its their job (for some of them it is). the only way to stop them taking control is to design it so no one can have control. thats a more reasonable opinion :) though i do wonder how you made the jump to the rest of your previous comment.... like i said, its happened before. there is no reason to believe they would stop, its their M.O. these people are crazy and disgusting. these are the people who brigade, and dox. they will pose as the other side and incite violence, and break rules to try and get subs/websites taken down. anti-free-speech people ... who? Who is opposed to free speech? I think the main people "infiltrating" ruqqus were Nazis trying to infiltrate Nazi groups and also be Nazis. anti-free-speech people ... who? Who is opposed to free speech? I think the main people "infiltrating" ruqqus were Nazis trying to infiltrate Nazi groups and also be Nazis. I sympathize with them. I roughly with them in the way that yea, twats of all kind of should have place on same site, but it should not be so that one type group can game the place to look like themselves. Maybe it ain't a free speech then if you have balance frontpage that can't gamed to be filled with jew-nagger-this-that-crap. Donno, for the next ones up, the eventual arrival of the shit-flinging-horde is to be expected and a major challanges to be designed around so that they won't taint the whole place akin to themselves. Pigs must have their pens, but it ain't the whole farm. I kinda understand they gave up as other parts had dried up once the horde took over the place and figuring out solutions would've taken too much work. You don't wanna start manually moderating every one of the hundreds thinly veiled jew-conspiracy-posts if the community ain't doing it - or is prevented from doing it by modgames. I think this will be solved with machine learning. Seen on some platforms used to way to battle bot swarms and content pasting shills - make the algorighm to recognize the the undesirable content itself and then reduce its visibility thus negatiting the loophole of constantly making new accounts and automating gaming of the platform with bots. I sympathize with them. I roughly with them in the way that yea, twats of all kind of should have place on same site, but it should not be so that one type group can game the place to look like themselves. Maybe it ain't a free speech then if you have balance frontpage that can't gamed to be filled with jew-nagger-this-that-crap. Donno, for the next ones up, the eventual arrival of the shit-flinging-horde is to be expected and a major challanges to be designed around so that they won't taint the whole place akin to themselves. Pigs must have their pens, but it ain't the whole farm. I kinda understand they gave up as other parts had dried up once the horde took over the place and figuring out solutions would've taken too much work. You don't wanna start manually moderating every one of the hundreds thinly veiled jew-conspiracy-posts if the community ain't doing it - or is prevented from doing it by modgames. I think this will be solved with machine learning. Seen on some platforms used to way to battle bot swarms and content pasting shills - make the algorighm to recognize the the undesirable content itself and then reduce its visibility thus negatiting the loophole of constantly making new accounts and automating gaming of the platform with bots. Ruqqus was a "free speech" website. You were totally safe to say whatever you wanted there as long as you weren't a liberal or a Jew or pointing out racisim or shitty logic. And then you'd get banned. The site owners were Jews... I think the real problem is it was owned by China according to everything I’ve heard. China is the root of all evil. ... wait which is it, Jews or China? And do you have any reason to think either? There are plenty of racist assholes in the US... ... wait which is it, Jews or China? And do you have any reason to think either? There are plenty of racist assholes in the US... China. Jews aren’t a hivemind, but the site owners were still Jewish. China technically isn’t a hivemind either, but they buy media companies. So the Chinese government is a few Jewish people? No. Most media companies in the US are owned by Jewish people and the PRC buys majority shares of stocks in them. You still don't seem to hear it. How can a company be owned by a Jewish person and also, at the same time, owned by the PRC? Surely they can't both have majority ownership at the same time, can they? I guess, but the American Jews can start and manage it and then the PRC can buy stocks. Ahhhh. So the PRC bought stock in ruqqus? I didn't realize Ruqqus was publicly traded, can you show me the transactions at issue? Do you see the problem? You made one set of assumptions, you realized they didn't make any sense, and then you jumped to a different set of assumptions, which also doesn't make any sense. As far as anybody can tell, Ruqqus was owned and operated by American gentiles. I’m not assuming anything, I’m going by hearsay which is different, but I don’t have specific sources so I might be ignore-worthy. Libs are the racist one but keep lying I guess Also saw multiple leftists on there shouting their shit logic Libs are the racist one but keep lying I guess Also saw multiple leftists on there shouting their shit logic i dont get why ruqqus was ever made. like just go to one of the many chan websites? So they became the far right version of the very thing they swore to destroy? Ouch. You can't have a completely free speech website without it turning into a rallying point for violent or hateful extremists like neo-Nazis, jihadis, radical militias, truck bomb advocates, and all kinds of other things like trans/gay hate empowerment, or whatever other kind of harmful things people think in their minds. Sure, it's nice to see what people are thinking, but when a group or people reading the group feel empowered enough, they'll go do acts of violence feeling like they're justified from their hatespeech bubble. You can't have a completely free speech website without it turning into a rallying point for violent or hateful extremists like neo-Nazis, jihadis, radical militias, truck bomb advocates, and all kinds of other things like trans/gay hate empowerment, or whatever other kind of harmful things people think in their minds. Sure, it's nice to see what people are thinking, but when a group or people reading the group feel empowered enough, they'll go do acts of violence feeling like they're justified from their hatespeech bubble. Reddit is nothing but a hate speech bubble lmao π Rendered by PID 50938 on reddit-service-r2-loggedout-64b57b747d-zdznm at 2023-12-18 05:42:37.601232+00:00 running 252de61 country code: GB. π Rendered by PID 50938 on reddit-service-r2-loggedout-64b57b747d-zdznm at 2023-12-18 05:42:37.601232+00:00 running 252de61 country code: GB.