This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header.. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction.. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users. Information is provided about security practices. This service may collect, use, and share location data. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location. The terms for this service are easy to read. Information is provided about how they collect personal data. The service claims to be LGPD compliant for Brazilian users. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service. Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes. Your personal data is used for advertising. Extra data may be collected about you through promotions. You can opt out of promotional communications. You can opt out of targeted advertising. Your profile is combined across various products. This service tracks you on other websites. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users. Information is provided about how your personal data is used. They store data on you even if you did not interact with the service. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising. Third-party cookies are used for advertising. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes. This service is only available to users over 13 of age. App required for this service requires broad device permissions. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world. The service deletes tracking data after a period of time and allows you to opt out. The service may collect extra data about you through promotions. This service gathers information about you through third parties. You can request access and deletion of personal data. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users.. The service collects many different types of personal data