Spidering or crawling is not allowed. This service can use your content for all their existing and future services. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. Your content can be licensed to third parties. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. You waive your right to a class action.. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection.. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You have a reduced time period (1 year) to take legal action against the service. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. You must provide your identifiable information. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Content you post may be edited by the service for any reason. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the past 6 months of fees you paid as a user not exceeding $100. Your use can be throttled. A license is kept on user-generated content even after you close your account. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you