.fm Privacy Policy Effective Date: 2023-03-23 This Privacy Policy explains how Ask.fm Europe Limited (“ASKfm,” “we”, “our”, or “us”) collects, uses, shares, and stores your information when you use the ASKfm website and/or the mobile applications that link to this Privacy Policy (“Services”). Ask.fm Europe Limited is an Irish limited liability company with registration number 551873 and a registered office at 6th Floor, South Bank House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. The personal information you provide to us that is collected through our Services is controlled by ASKfm in accordance with the laws of the country in which you live, meaning that not all parts of this policy will be relevant depending on where you live. You can’t use ASKfm if you are younger than 13. In almost all countries, if you are 13 and over, you can allow us to use your data. But, since the law changed in Europe, in some European countries, we need to ask for your parent’s or guardian’s consent before we let you create an account if you are between 13 and 16 years old. This is called the “age of consent”, and it means that if you are under a certain age, we need to get a parental consent. The age varies across different European countries, so it depends on where you live. If you live in the UK, Ireland, Latvia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Poland, Spain or Sweden, we won’t need to ask for that extra consent from grownups. If you live in Slovakia, Germany, Hungary, Lithuania, Luxembourg or Netherlands and are aged under 16, you confirm that you have your parent’s consent to sign up to ASKfm and we will take all reasonable steps to verify this. If you live in France and are aged under 15, you confirm that you have your parent’s consent to sign up to ASKfm and we will take all reasonable steps to verify this. If you live in Austria and are aged under 14, you confirm that you have your parent’s consent to sign up to ASKfm and we will take all reasonable steps to verify this. How we collect, process and store information depends in part on how you use the Services. You may register to use the Services (“Registered User”). You can use some of the Services without creating an account (“Guest User”) or providing any information other than information that is automatically collected as explained below. The different categories of information we collect from you are described below. We may collect information from you during your use of the Services, including your name, username, password, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, payment information, gender, birth year, and other information you provide or post on our Services or allow us to access when you do certain things, such as: You can choose to invite your friends to join ASKfm so that you can stay in touch with them on the Services. To allow you to use this feature, we will ask your permission to access your personal contact list, which we will only access to store for your own use, to assist you with inviting friends to join you on the Services and to notify you when someone you know joins the Services. To make it easier to search and find friends and people you know on ASKfm, users may search for other members using first and last name, e-mail address, and location. We may automatically collect certain information about the computer or devices (including mobile devices) you use to access the Services, and about your use of the Services, even if you use the Services as a Guest User. We may collect information such as (a) IP addresses, unique device identifiers (e.g. IDFA or other device IDs on Apple devices like the iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch), and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device(s) browser types, browser language, operating system, the state or country from which you accessed the Services; and (b) information related to the ways in which you interact with the Services, such as: referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, the number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time you used the Services, error logs, and other similar information. As described further below, we may use third party analytics providers and technologies, including cookies and similar tools, to assist us in understanding how our Services are used. Such tools may collect and use your data, after we have depersonalized it, with other ASKfm users’ data. We may collect general information (e.g. IP address, zip code) about your location, and may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information, advertising, and features that need to know your location to work properly. By accessing and using the Services, you consent to this collection and processing of location information. If you choose to turn off location services on your device, some features may not be available to you. We may collect, process and store: Sometimes we may anonymize and/or de-identify information collected through the Services or via other means, including via the use of third-party web analytic tools so that the information no longer relates to you. Where we have appropriately anonymized and/or de-identified information it no longer constitutes your personal information (also known as personal data). As a result, our use and disclosure of aggregated and/or de-identified information is not subject to this Privacy Policy and may be disclosed to others on such basis. The fact that you can send messages without other people knowing who you are is part of what makes ASKfm unique and so much fun. It means that you can ask things that you might be too embarrassed or shy to say if anyone knew it was you. People may often be more honest when they are anonymous, whether they’re asking a question anonymously, or answering a question where they don’t know who has asked it. You have the ability to decide whether to ask a question anonymously or on a named basis each time you submit a question to another user. However, this also means that when you receive questions or comments, you may not know who they come from either! Remember, as a Registered User, that even if you ask a question anonymously, our Service will still have a record of the fact that you asked the question (even if we keep this private). If you are a Guest User, we may not know who you are. In certain countries we allow unregistered users to ask questions. If you are not a registered user and ask a question, you must accept our terms of use and privacy policy prior to asking your question. We collect information such as your IP address. In certain countries you may be permitted to receive questions from unregistered users. If you have chosen to allow anonymous questions, you will be able to also receive questions from unregistered users by default, although you always have the option to change this in your settings. If you have chosen to not allow anonymous questions, you will have to edit your settings in order to receive questions from unregistered users, if this feature is available in your country. The ability to ask and receive unregistered questions is not available in all countries. Any abuse of the unregistered user feature will result in a ban on such users, entirely at our discretion. As a user, you can also choose to temporarily ban unregistered users, or report to us for a longer term ban to be imposed. You should exercise caution when allowing yourself to receive unregistered questions and immediately report any concerns to us. We may assist the police or other law enforcement agencies with their requests, or produce information in response to legal process where we, in good faith, believe that such disclosure is required by law, or to protect our rights and property, or the safety of individual users or the public, or where otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy. Some people don’t like receiving things from people if they don’t know who they are. So we provide all users with the ability to choose not to receive questions from anonymous users on the “Settings” page on the website and mobile application. We may assist the police or other law enforcement agencies with their requests, or produce information in response to legal process where we, in good faith, believe that such disclosure is required by law, or to protect our rights and property, or the safety of individual users or the public, or where otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy. We use the information we receive from and about you for the following purposes: If you are a Registered User, anyone who uses the Services is able to see your username and any information posted on your profile, including photos. Any questions that you receive in your inbox cannot be seen by anyone else until you reply to them. If you do reply, then the question and your answer will be posted on your profile, where they can be seen by anyone who uses the Services and views your profile. While you have the ability to delete posted questions and answers on your profile at any time by clicking the “x” next to the question/answer, you should be careful to only include information in your profile, including any questions and answers, that you would not mind making public. If a Registered User “likes” a question or answer on your profile, the fact that the Registered User “liked” the content will be automatically visible. Your profile information will also be searchable via public search engines (e.g., Google, Bing, Yahoo). Your location data is used for some user features like Shoutouts, to target your questions to people within a geographic range but we do not disclose your exact location to any other user. In general, please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose information through the Services, such as by submitting a question to another user or by answering a question to be posted on your profile, that information can be viewed publicly and people can copy content that is posted on the Internet. It could also be collected and used by third parties without our or your knowledge, which may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. You should not share personal information that might allow others to contact or locate you or other users, and you should think before you post. We don’t sell or share any personal information about you with third parties, except as provided in this Privacy Policy. We may share your information in the following circumstances: For some elements of the Service we get technical assistance from other companies, and we may need to share your information with them so that we can provide those Services to you. We might use third parties to provide technical functionality for some of the Features of the Services (like stickers and multimedia posts). We call those Feature Tools. If you choose to use the Feature Tools, we may collect and store non-personally identifiable anonymous statistical data if you use that feature tool, where such tool is operated by a third party. We do not cooperate with Feature Tool providers that sell or otherwise transfer any of your data to third parties without your consent. You should review the privacy policies of the Feature Tools, and in order that you can do that we provide a list here of the Feature Tool Providers we currently work with. We or third parties we use may analyze your questions and answers for research purposes. When we use a third party to do this, we do not share any personal information with that party, we only provide anonymized questions and answer content and other non-personalised statistical data for analysis purposes. (a) Anonymous Data In order to understand our audience better and improve our service, such anonymous information is provided to third parties for their business purposes, including the creation of reports, market research, and trend analysis. This information does not contain information from which users can be identified and we will not provide additional information to such third parties that enable such third parties to identify you. Notwithstanding any other provision, we may also engage a third-party partner for the purpose of identifying users and delivering to them interest-based content and advertisements. We may share information about you with our partners such as your name, postal address, e-mail, or other identifier and may do so in non-human readable format to ensure the security of your information. (b) Sometimes it’s personal data Our partners also may collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID (which in some countries is considered as personal data) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device; may combine our personal and non-personal information about you with information from other sources; and may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. If we are sharing ANY data that is considered to be personal data by the appropriate laws of the country in which you live, we will always ask your consent before we use your data in this way (and you can ask us to stop at any time). (d) Our current Partner List, that means companies we have agreed to share data with for the above purposes, includes the following companies and what data we share with them: Profiling means we analyse your information and content (like your interests) so that we can tailor our advertising to you and what you’d like to see. Since the law changed in Europe in May 2018, we now need to ask your consent before we profile your information. That’s why, before we use your information in this way, you are asked to tick a box to allow us to profile your information and use it for tailored advertising. When accessing the Services from a mobile application you may also receive tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system: iOS, Android and Windows Phone provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or operating system or contact the applicable platform operator. We keep your information and store it safely as long as you are using the Services. After you close your account we still keep some or all of your information for up to 9 months. It is important that we retain your data for this short period after cancellation to ensure that we can answer any payment or other account related queries, or provide information to third parties in line with our disclosure provisions outlined in this policy, e.g., assisting police investigations. Even after you remove information from your profile or delete your account, copies of that information may still be viewable and/or accessed on the Internet to the extent such information has been previously shared with others, or copied or stored by other users or to the extent such information has been shared with search engines. We cannot control this, nor do we accept any liability for this. If you have given third party applications or websites access to your personal information, they may retain such information to the extent permitted under their terms of service or privacy policies. We also keep a record of some of your information like you IP address or e-mail address if you’ve broken the rules and we’ve added you to our block list: this helps to keep everyone safe on the Services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our Services for third-party purposes, and that is why we provide the above links to the NAI “Consumer Opt-out”, DAA opt-out, and Google opt-out. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions. You have a variety of choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information through the Services, including the ability to prevent other users from submitting questions to you. You have the ability to add any user to your “blocklist” at any time by clicking on the “block” button on that user’s profile. This will prevent the user from asking you a question. You also have the right (in certain cases) to modify or delete the personal information we hold about you. You can generally exercise these rights by following the process described in the “Deactivating Your Profile” and “Leaving ASKfm” sections of this Privacy Policy. However, you can also contact us using the details in Section 28 below, if you wish to modify information that cannot be amended or deleted through the Service. You can deactivate your profile by signing in to the Services with your password and opting to deactivate your profile. This option is available from your Settings page. By deactivating your account, it will no longer be visible to other users of the Services. Your profile information will be retained in case you later decide to restore your account. Many members deactivate their accounts for temporary reasons and in doing so expect us to maintain their information until they return to ASKfm. You should ordinarily be able to restore your account and the whole of your profile within 12 months of deactivating it, but we cannot guarantee that this will always be the case. This section only applies to individuals who are residents of California under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA” as amended by the 2020 legislation) or people who live in Virginia under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (Va. Code Ann. §§ 59.1-575 to 59.1-585) . When we talk about California and Virginia state laws we call these “US Data Laws”. We act in compliance with the US Data Laws. This Privacy Policy clearly sets out above the types of personal information we collect (sections 3 to 8), store and process and the purposes for which we do this (sections 14 to 16). Retaining your data. Automated Decision-Making/Profiling and Targeted Advertising. Limiting Sensitive Personal Information processing (as defined in the US Data Laws). US Data Laws give you certain rights if you live in California or Virginia which may include the following rights: While the Service is provided from Ireland, it is a global website that operates and provides Services in various countries around the world. By giving us any personal information or by using the applications available on the Services, you agree that your personal information may be transferred to and stored and processed in our and our third-party vendors’ facilities in various countries around the globe, including the United States. These countries may have privacy laws that differ from the laws in your country or the laws of Ireland. The Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect (or knowingly allow any third party to collect) personal information from persons under the age of 13. If we become aware that personal information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information and terminate the person’s account as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have personal information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us using the contact information below. Regarding California users aged 13 to 16, we do not sell the personal information of such users we actually know to be of this age without affirmative authorisation to do so. The Services may contain links to third-party websites, including other social media services. Your use of these features may result in the collection, processing or sharing of information about you by a third party, depending on the feature. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites or services which may be linked to the Services. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or services. The personal information you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We strongly encourage you to read such third parties’ privacy statements. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in the law, our data collection and use practices, the features of our Services, or advances in technology. Please check this page periodically for changes. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Privacy Policy here and notify our Registered Users by e-mail or by means of a notice on the Services. Save for urgent changes (such as those required by law) we will post such a notice on our website prior to the changes becoming effective. Please review the changes carefully. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will mean you consent to and accept those changes. If you do not consent to such changes, you can delete your account by following the process described in the “Deactivating Your Profile” and “Leaving ASKfm” sections of this Privacy Policy. The following representatives are authorised to receive written communications on our behalf from the relevant supervising authorities and any data subjects exercising their rights under the UK Data Protection Act 2018, or the European General Data Protection Regulation: UK Representative EU Representative We take data protection very seriously. If you have concerns or complaints please address these to our data protection officer (see above). If you are not happy with how we handle any complaint, you are able to raise a complaint at any time to your country’s national data protection authority, for example if you live in the UK, this would be the Information Commissioner’s Office.