 Subscriber Terms and Conditions All home delivery subscriptions will be temporarily charged a “Supply Chain Surcharge” based on your delivery schedule at a rate of up to $0.15 per delivery day. Your subscription fees will be automatically debited each week for the surcharge and your subscription term will be shortened as a result. The surcharge amount is subject to change. Please check back here for the most up-to-date information regarding the Supply Chain Surcharge. If you have any questions, you may contact us by calling the appropriate number listed in . As used below, the words “you” and “your” mean the subscriber; the words “Tribune Publishing,” “we,” “us” and “our” mean Tribune Publishing Company, its affiliated newspapers, digital communications and all other properties, its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors and assigns; the word “device” means the personal computer, tablet, smartphone or other electronic device you are using to view this page; and “payment method” means the credit card, debit card, bank account or the Apple Pay default card information you provide to us from time to time in connection with a subscription. Please print or save to your device a copy of this page. 1. Continuous Subscription Terms and Right To Cancel All subscriptions are CONTINUOUS, which means your subscription will continue and you will be billed until you cancel the subscription. By providing your payment method information and clicking the PLACE ORDER button as your electronic signature, you accept a CONTINUOUS SUBSCRIPTION, which means your initial subscription will automatically renew until canceled. You have the right to cancel service at any time by calling the appropriate number or sending an email to the appropriate email address listed in . We do not accept written correspondence sent by U.S. mail or otherwise. You will be charged for any service prior to cancellation. Your introductory rate is valid for the period of time specified in the Order Page. That amount will be the initial charge made to your payment method. After the introductory offer, your payment method will automatically be charged the amount specified on the Order Page until you notify us to cancel. All Print subscriptions and Print Delivery + Unlimited Digital Access subscriptions include premium issues each calendar year. Your account will be charged an additional fee in the billing period when the premium issue publishes. This will result in shortening the length of your billing period. You can opt out of premium issues by contacting customer service as provided in . 2. Automatic Payment Authorization; Digital Subscriptions, Print Subscriptions, Print Delivery + Unlimited Digital Access and Other Properties By providing your payment method information and clicking the PLACE ORDER button as your electronic signature, you authorize us to initiate charges/debits to your payment method automatically to pay each of your periodic payment amounts when due. Initial prices and your billing periods are set forth on the Order Page. Future Prices may be higher. We reserve the right to increase rates at any time. You will be notified in advance of any change in rates. Charges will be made to your payment method as of the due date of each payment or the next business day and in the amount of the payment due. This authorization will remain in effect until it is cancelled by you or us. You may cancel this authorization at any time by calling us at the appropriate number provided in and your cancellation will take effect after we have had a reasonable opportunity to act on it. We may cancel automatic payments at any time if any payment is returned by your financial institution unpaid. If you or we cancel this authorization without you cancelling your subscription, you will still be required to make your payments by check or other means. Our cancellation of your automatic payments does not result in a cancellation of your continuous subscription. 3. Premium Subscriptions An “ad-free” or “premium” subscription gives digital subscribers access to content free of third-party digital advertisements. Exceptions apply. By way of examples but without limitation, sponsored content, legal public notices, newsletter sign-up forms, outbound links to partner sites, games, coupons, event listings or direct subscription offers will still be displayed. Advertisements are also still displayed in email newsletters, the Digital Replica Edition, video players from CNN and YouTube, the mobile app, subdomains that are accessible for free and the printed newspaper. 4. Electronic Communications Disclosure Statement and Consent By providing your payment method information and clicking the PLACE ORDER button as your electronic signature, you confirm that you have read the disclosures below and you agree to receive billing statements and other notices, disclosures, documents and all other communications (collectively, “communications”) from us in electronic form. To receive communications electronically, you will need a device and operating system software that will support: A connection to the Internet and an e-mail account, An Internet browser that we support, including: Internet Explorer 11, Chrome, Firefox and Safari (all versions are supported), and A software program that accurately reads and displays PDF files, such as Adobe Acrobat reader. (All versions of Adobe Acrobat reader are supported but be advised that, if you are not using the latest version, you will be asked to update accordingly.) In order to retain and/or print communications sent to you electronically, your device will need to be able to save and store communications and/or you will need a functioning printer connected to your device. You may withdraw your consent to receiving communications electronically by contacting us at the appropriate phone number provided in . You may request a paper copy of a communication that was sent electronically at no charge by contacting us as provided in You agree to notify us immediately of any change in the e-mail address you have provided by contacting us as provided in . 5. Mandatory Arbitration and Class Action Waiver PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT. You and Tribune Publishing agree that these Terms affect interstate commerce and that the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of these arbitration provisions. This Section is intended to be interpreted broadly and governs any and all disputes between us, including but not limited to claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of the relationship between us, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation or any other legal theory; claims that arose before these Terms or any prior agreement (including, but not limited to, claims related to advertising); and claims that may arise after the termination of these Terms. The only disputes excluded from this broad prohibition are the litigation of certain intellectual property and small court claims, as provided below. By agreeing to these Terms, you agree to resolve any and all disputes with Tribune Publishing as follows: Most disputes can be resolved without resort to litigation. You can reach our support department at the phone number provided in the section. Except for intellectual property and small claims court claims, the parties agree to use their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement directly through consultation with our support department, and good faith negotiations shall be a condition to either party initiating a lawsuit or arbitration. Initial Dispute Resolution: If the parties do not reach an agreed-upon solution within a period of sixty (60) days from the time informal dispute resolution is initiated under the Initial Dispute Resolution provision above, then either party may initiate binding arbitration as the sole means to resolve claims, subject to the terms set forth below. Specifically, all claims arising out of or relating to these Terms (including the Terms’ formation, performance, and breach) and the parties’ relationship with each other shall be finally settled by binding arbitration administered by JAMS in accordance with the for claims that do not exceed $250,000 and the for claims exceeding $250,000 in effect at the time the arbitration is initiated, excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class actions. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of these Terms, including but not limited to any claim that all or any part of these Terms is void or voidable, whether a claim is subject to arbitration, or the question of waiver by litigation conduct. The arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity. The arbitrator’s award shall be written and shall be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To start an arbitration, you must do the following: (a) write a Demand for Arbitration that includes a description of the claim and the amount of damages you seek to recover (you may find a copy of a Demand for Arbitration at ); (b) send three copies of the Demand for Arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee, to JAMS, Two Embarcadero Center, Suite 1500, San Francisco, California 94111; and (c) send one copy of the Demand for Arbitration to Tribune Publishing at 560 W. Grand Ave., ATTEN: LEGAL, Chicago, IL 60654 Binding Arbitration: To the extent the filing fee for the arbitration exceeds the cost of filing a lawsuit, Tribune Publishing will pay the additional cost. If the arbitrator finds the arbitration to be non-frivolous, Tribune Publishing will pay the fees invoiced by JAMS, including filing fees and arbitrator and hearing expenses. You are responsible for your own attorneys’ fees unless the arbitration rules and/or applicable law provide otherwise. The parties understand that, absent this mandatory arbitration provision, they would have the right to sue in court and have a jury trial. They further understand that, in some instances, the costs of arbitration could exceed the costs of litigation and the right to discovery may be more limited in arbitration than in court. If you are a resident of the United States, arbitration may take place in the county where you reside at the time of filing. For individuals residing outside the United States, arbitration shall be initiated in Cook County in the State of Illinois, United States of America, and you and Tribune Publishing agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of any federal or state court in Cook County, Illinois in order to compel arbitration, to stay proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter judgment on the award entered by the arbitrator. The parties further agree that the arbitration shall be conducted in their individual capacities only and not as a class action or other representative action, and the parties expressly waive their right to file a class action or seek relief on a class basis. If any court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver set forth in this paragraph is void or unenforceable for any reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the arbitration provisions set forth above shall be deemed null and void in their entirety and the parties shall be deemed to have not agreed to arbitrate disputes on a class basis. Class Action Waiver: YOU AND TRIBUNE PUBLISHING AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Notwithstanding the parties’ decision to resolve all disputes through arbitration, either party may bring enforcement actions, validity determinations or claims arising from or relating to theft, piracy or unauthorized use of intellectual property in state or federal court or in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to protect its intellectual property rights (“intellectual property rights” means patents, copyrights, moral rights, trademarks, and trade secrets, but not privacy or publicity rights). Either party may also seek relief in a small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of that court’s jurisdiction. Exception – Litigation of Intellectual Property and Small Claims Court Claims: You have the right to opt out and not be bound by the arbitration and class action waiver provisions set forth above by sending written notice of your decision to opt out to with the subject line, “MANDATORY ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER OPT-OUT.” The notice must be sent within thirty (30) days of (a) the Effective Date of these Terms; or (b) the first date that you used the site that contained any versions of the Terms that included this version of the mandatory arbitration and class action waiver whichever is later. Otherwise, you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms of those paragraphs. If you opt out of these arbitration provisions, Tribune Publishing also will not be bound by them. 30-Day Right to Opt Out: This Mandatory Arbitration and Class Action Waiver section shall survive any termination of your account. Survival: 6. Terms of Service and Privacy Policy By providing your payment method information and clicking the PLACE ORDER button as your electronic signature, you confirm that you have read and agree to the and . 7. Eligibility for Offer A. Print Delivery + Unlimited Digital Access–This offer is available to new subscribers and households that have not subscribed to the paper in the past 30 days (previous account must be in good standing) and can’t be used in conjunction with any other offer. Home delivery offer available in our home delivery area and limited to one offer per household. B. Digital Subscription–This offer is valid for new digital subscriptions only, is nontransferable and limited to one per household. 8. Other Terms The payment amounts and timing were described in the offer that you accepted online. Please refer to the authorization terms you were directed to print or save to your computer when you accepted the offer for more details. Transportation costs may apply to home delivery, which may vary by location and are subject to change. Call the appropriate telephone number provided below in to determine if you have the option to pick up the newspaper and avoid these charges. Fifty percent (50%) of the subscription invoices for Orlando Sentinel and Sun-Sentinel include a digital service fee that allows you the opportunity to access and utilize all digital services and these services are nontaxable in the state of Florida. All other applicable sales taxes are also included. Future prices may be higher. We reserve the right to increase rates at any time. You will be notified in advance of any change in rates. In addition to premium issues described above, pay through dates will be affected by different factors, including but not limited to, changes in delivery, service adjustments and interruptions in service. Billing Disputes – all disputes must be received by phone or electronic communication within 120 days of the statement date. Disputes received after this timeframe will not be eligible for review. Refund Policy – Any cancellation will take effect at the end of the then-current subscription term and payments are non-refundable. We reserve the right, however, to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund or credit in one instance, we are under no obligation to issue the same refund or credit in the future. Subscribers that choose to receive a printed invoice will be charged a $6.99 processing fee for each printed invoice sent. To avoid this fee please have your subscription automatically charged to your bank, credit or checking account. Please contact customer service with any questions or to convert to EzPay billing by calling the appropriate telephone number in below. Printed invoice processing fees are not applicable to subscribers in New York and Delaware. We reserve the right to change these Subscriber Terms and Conditions (Terms) at any time in our discretion and to notify you of any such changes by changing the Revision Date of these Terms. The most current version of these Terms will supersede all previous versions. Your continued subscription after the posting of any amended Terms shall constitute your agreement to be bound by any such changes. 9. Service Issues To report any service issues, please call the appropriate number provided in the Contact Us section below. 10. Contact Us To contact us, please use the following: Revision Date: Nov 10, 2023