This service does not allow alternative accounts. This service is only available to users over a certain age. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. Your use is throttled. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. You waive your moral rights. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. This service takes credit for your content. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. You have the right to leave this service at any time. The service suspends your account after inactivity for a certain or uncertain time. You cannot delete your contributions, but it makes sense for this service. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes. You aren’t forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes, but only if you opt out. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. This service offers a symbolic but nonbinding statement about a matter of opinion, ethics, society, or politics. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. They may stop providing the service at any time. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. Your identity is used in ads that are shown to other users. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service