Yes, we’re on social. Facebook Twitter Instagram 1 Notifications Take back control with a 7-day Social Media Reboot. Get tips from experts in the film. Email* DemographicI am...?A concerned userA parentAn educatorA tech workerOtherEmail Consent* I’d like to get information for my Social Media Reboot and occasional updates on The Social Dilemma and other Exposure Labs productions.* Take back control with a 7-day Social Media Reboot. Get tips from experts in the film. Email* DemographicI am...?A concerned userA parentAn educatorA tech workerOtherEmail Consent* I’d like to get information for my Social Media Reboot and occasional updates on The Social Dilemma and other Exposure Labs productions.* *  I am...?A concerned userA parentAn educatorA tech workerOther I’d like to get information for my Social Media Reboot and occasional updates on The Social Dilemma and other Exposure Labs productions.* Notifications like these offer an enticing loop of pleasure that can create an unconscious attachment to our devices. Privacy Policy Exposure Labs is a film and impact production company. We believe in the transformative power of storytelling to change our world. Our work includes the production of original documentary films, the development of impact campaigns to support these films, and field-building efforts to support other storytellers and movement-builders in using film as a more effective tool for action and advocacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is intended to inform you about the data processing we undertake through the Exposure Labs and Exposure Labs’ productions websites, including The Social Dilemma, Chasing Ice and Chasing Coral. This policy does not address our other personal data processing operations. Additional policies and procedures are in place to address those operations and we provide relevant information to data subjects and the point of data collection, or as required by law. This Policy is subject to regular review. Subsequent updates and amendments will be documented below and communicated to data subjects where required. The data controller for data collected and processed in accordance with this Policy is Exposure Labs: P.O. Box 18930 Boulder, CO 80308 Any questions regarding this Policy or any other data protection issue should be submitted via email to privacy@exposurelabs.com We use cookies on our website – these include essential and non-essential cookies. Any non-essential cookies are dropped on the basis of your consent. More information about the cookies we use is provided in the Cookie section below. We send out newsletters to keep our network informed of our work and productions. On the basis of your consent, we collect your name and email address from you for this purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time by unsubscribing to the mailing list through the link provided in our newsletters. On the basis of our legitimate interest, we may also share your name and email with our email provider in order to send you communications about events you sign up to, if you make a donation to us, or where you engage with us, for example by making a pledge or offering to host a screening. You can opt-out of these emails at any time by unsubscribing through the link provided. We organise events from time to time, using SplashThat and other trusted platforms to manage RSVPs and ticketing. When you sign up for one of our events, we will direct you to the platform where, on the basis of your consent, we will collect your name and email address in order to issue you with a ticket. For those looking to screen one of our films or host an event in conjunction with our impact campaigns, we collect names, contact and event details on the basis of consent. We use Gravity Forms to collect this information and to register these events. If you sign up to our Environmental Voter Project, we collect your name, email, street address and phone number on the basis of your consent. We partner with the Environmental Voter Project (EVP) to collect this information. EVP updates us on new users who have taken this pledge, this is purely for impact analysis purposes and does not include any personally identifiable information. We occasionally advertise through social media platforms like Facebook, but we do not use any information about individuals to target them. In general, data will be retained for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. Where data is collected on the basis of consent, we retain it until you withdraw your consent or otherwise when the data becomes no longer relevant for the purpose for which it was collected. Some data is retained in line with legal obligations on us, for example tax record keeping connected with making a donation, and it will be deleted at the end of the relevant period required by law. Exposure Labs does not collect any sensitive data within the definition of EU data protection laws. As described above, we partner with EVP and collect data that indicates an individual prioritises the environment when voting, but this data only relates to US-based individuals and does not reveal political affiliations or opinions. Cookies are small files which are saved to your device in order to allow your device to be recognised by a website. We use cookies across our websites, some of these are necessary to allow the website to function, some allow us to track engagement with our audience. All non-essential cookies are deployed on the basis of your consent. The table below sets out the cookies we use: These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off or opted-out of. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our websites. They help us understand which pages are most or least engaged with and see how visitors move around the websites. These cookies are set through our site by our advertising partners and may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They don’t store directly personal information but they are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. When you visit our websites for the first time, a cookie consent box appears allowing you to provide your consent to non-essential cookies (opting-in) or to reject the cookies (opting-out). By default, non-essential cookies are disabled. You can access this box and opt-in or out at any time – it appears at the bottom of the page. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal data is processed securely and treated in accordance with this Policy. The technical and organisational measures to prevent unauthorised access to personal data include limiting staff and third party access to personal data in accordance with specific job responsibilities or contractual obligations, the encryption of data where possible, the institution of security protocols and staff training. Although we do our best to protect personal data, information transmitted over the internet remains vulnerable to interception – for this reason, the transmission of any personal data to our websites or via email to us is therefore at the data subjects’ own risk. We work with certain carefully-selected third party providers who process data on our behalf. These include MailChimp, Gravity Forms, SplashThat, Wild Foundation, Denver Film Society, Streak, Zapier, WordPress and others who provide content management systems and services that allow us to deliver our websites. We share data with these providers on the basis of our legitimate interests in delivering our productions and operating our websites, mailing lists and events. These providers have safeguards in place to ensure that data is protected and treated in compliance with international data protection laws and standards, including in relation to the international transfer of data. Our websites include links to external websites which may process your data or use cookies – for example links to external resources and social media platforms. You can find out more about these services and their use of cookies through their respective websites and privacy policies. Please remember we cannot control the way those external websites collect and retain your personal data, so you use those external services at your own risk. Where EU data protection laws apply to individuals whose personal data is processed by Exposure Labs, the following rights are available: To make a request or complaint related to the processing of your personal data contact privacy@exposurelabs.com This Policy may be updated from time to time. The date and nature of changes made will be listed below. Policy published 11 September 2020. Email* Email Consent* I’d like to receive updates about The Social Dilemma and Exposure Labs productions and I consent to my data being used in accordance with the Privacy Policy.* I’d like to receive updates about The Social Dilemma and Exposure Labs productions and I consent to my data being used in accordance with the Privacy Policy.* We value your privacy. Our use of cookies is strictly limited to those that help us understand how the site is being used. You can opt out of all tracking using our COOKIE SETTINGS link or click ACCEPT to provide this helpful feedback to our team. Cookie settingsAccept AllRejectCookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non Necessary non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Save & Accept We value your privacy. Our use of cookies is strictly limited to those that help us understand how the site is being used. You can opt out of all tracking using our COOKIE SETTINGS link or click ACCEPT to provide this helpful feedback to our team. Cookie settingsAccept AllReject We value your privacy. Our use of cookies is strictly limited to those that help us understand how the site is being used. You can opt out of all tracking using our COOKIE SETTINGS link or click ACCEPT to provide this helpful feedback to our team. Cookie settingsAccept AllReject Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non Necessary non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Save & Accept Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non Necessary non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Save & Accept Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non Necessary non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non Necessary non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Save & Accept