 Search Crunchbase Start Free Trial Solutions Products Resources Pricing Log In Organization Pixel8earth Connect to CRM Save Organization Connect to CRM Save Connect to CRM Save Summary Financials People Signals & News Similar Companies About Pixel8earth is building a crowdsourced and perpetually updating 3D map of the world for machines+humans. Acquired by Snap Private Highlights Total Funding Amount $460K Total Funding Amount $460K Total Funding Amount Unlock for free Unlock for free Employee Profiles 1 Employee Profiles 1 Investors 3 Investors 3 Similar Companies 6 6 Recent News & Activity News•May 7, 2021 News • May 7, 2021 Forbes — News•Apr 29, 2021 Apr 29, 2021 TNooz — News•Apr 26, 2021 Apr 26, 2021 PYMNTS.com — View All Details Edit Details Section Industries Software Headquarters Regions Founded Date Jun 1, 2019 Founders Operating Status Active Last Funding Type Legal Name Pixel8earth Inc. Company Type For Profit Contact Email sean.gorman@pixel8.earth Pixel8earth is building a crowdsourced and perpetually updating 3D map of the world for machines+humans. We fuse computer vision and geomatics to enable commodity video and photos to generate georeferenced 3D point clouds and meshes. This allows multiple high-volume data sources to be utilized to generate and perpetually update 3D maps of theglobe. The accuracy of the 3D maps to a survey baseline is 25-50 cm RMSE absolute accuracy. Visual Positioning Systems (VPS) operating from feature databases generated by the 3D maps have ~2m location accuracy and within 6.25-degree rotational accuracy. Pixel8earth is building a crowdsourced and perpetually updating 3D map of the world for machines+humans. We fuse computer vision and geomatics to enable commodity video and photos to generate georeferenced 3D point clouds and meshes. This allows multiple high-volume data sources to be utilized to generate and perpetually update 3D maps of the globe. The accuracy of the 3D maps to a survey baseline is 25-50 cm RMSE absolute accuracy. Visual Positioning Systems (VPS) operating from feature databases generated by the 3D maps have ~2m location accuracy and within 6.25-degree rotational accuracy. Read More Lists Featuring This Company Edit Lists Featuring This Company Section Track Show More M&A Details Edit M&A Details Section Pixel8earth $7.6M Transaction Name Pixel8earth acquired by Snap Announced Date Price Frequently Asked Questions Edit Frequently Asked Questions Section Jon Gelsey Anjney Midha Common Sense Machines Cesium Brandlive Unlock even more features with Crunchbase Pro Start Your Free Trial Start Your Free Trial Browse By: | (0.1.15088 716) Cookie Settings | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Info Name of the organization that made the acquisitionHeadquarters LocationNumber of EmployeesLast Funding TypeIPO StatusWebsiteCB Rank (Company)Access exclusive data for freeTotal amount raised across all funding roundsTotal number of employee profiles an organization has on CrunchbaseTotal number of investment firms and individual investorsTotal number of organizations similar to the given organizationDescriptive keyword for an Organization (e.g. SaaS, Android, Cloud Computing, Medical Device)Where the organization is headquartered (e.g. San Francisco Bay Area, Silicon Valley)Date the Organization was foundedFounders of the organizationOperating Status of Organization e.g. Active, ClosedLast funding round type (e.g. Seed, Series A, Private Equity)The legal name of the organizationWhether an Organization is for profit or non-profitGeneral contact email for the organizationAuto-generated name of transaction (e.g. WhatsApp acquired by Facebook)Date the Acquisition was announcedPrice of the acquisitionAccess Total Funding Amount for free Name of the organization that made the acquisition Headquarters Location Number of Employees IPO Status Website CB Rank (Company) Access exclusive data for free Total amount raised across all funding rounds Total number of employee profiles an organization has on Crunchbase Total number of investment firms and individual investors Total number of organizations similar to the given organization Descriptive keyword for an Organization (e.g. SaaS, Android, Cloud Computing, Medical Device) Where the organization is headquartered (e.g. San Francisco Bay Area, Silicon Valley) Date the Organization was founded Founders of the organization Operating Status of Organization e.g. Active, Closed Last funding round type (e.g. Seed, Series A, Private Equity) The legal name of the organization Whether an Organization is for profit or non-profit General contact email for the organization Auto-generated name of transaction (e.g. WhatsApp acquired by Facebook) Date the Acquisition was announced Price of the acquisition Access Total Funding Amount for free