General: TicketsPlus.com acts as an intermediary between buyers and ticket sellers ("TICKET SELLERS") to facilitate the purchase and sale of event tickets, and as such is not directly involved in the actual ticket sale transaction between the buyers and TICKET SELLERS. All sales are final. As tickets sold through SITE are often obtained through the secondary market and prices are determined by the individual ticket seller, the prices for tickets may be above or below face value. Tickets sold through SITE are from a third party; therefore, the buyer's name will not be printed on the tickets.  Please note that the name on the tickets does not affect the buyer's ability to access the event.

The following are the rules ("TERMS") that govern use of the TicketsPlus.com Web Site ("SITE") by the user of the SITE ("USER"). By using or visiting the SITE, USER expressly agrees to be bound by these TERMS and to follow these TERMS and all applicable laws and regulations governing the SITE. SITE reserves the right to change these TERMS at any time, effective immediately upon posting on the SITE. If USER violates these TERMS TicketsPlus.com may terminate USER'S access to the SITE, bar USER from future use of the SITE, cancel USER'S ticket order, and/or take appropriate legal action against USER.

Face Value: Tickets sold through SITE are often obtained through secondary market TICKET SELLERS and are being resold. Therefore the ticket price on the SITE can be above the price or "face value" listed on the ticket. All ticket prices include additional service charges and handling fees as defined on each order. SITE and its TICKET SELLERS are not directly affiliated with any performer, sports team, or venue. By agreeing to these TERMS, USER agrees that the purchase price for tickets on their order does not reflect the original purchase price of the ticket and may be either higher or lower than the original purchase price.

Orders: Orders placed through SITE will be fulfilled by one of SITE'S network of participating TICKET SELLERS. Contact information for the TICKET SELLER who fulfills USER's order (hereinafter known as "FULFILLER") will be provided to USER upon completion of the purchase process. If this information is lost, USER may contact support@ticketsplus.com to retrieve information about the order.

All Sales are Final: Since tickets are a one-of-a-kind item and not replaceable, there are no refunds, exchanges or cancellations. If an event is postponed or rescheduled, tickets will be honored for the rescheduled date. New tickets will not need to be issued. If an event is cancelled without a rescheduled date, USER will need to contact the FULFILLER for a refund. The FULFILLER may require USER to return the supplied tickets at USER's expense before receiving any refund USER is entitled to due to cancellation. SITE is not responsible for providing or securing this refund for USER. Any shipping and handling charges are not refundable. Refunds will be processed in the same currency as the original order. Conversion charges, including though not exhaustive of the ones issued by USER's bank, if any, are not covered by TicketsPlus.com or Fulfiller. Neither SITE nor the FULFILLER will issue exchanges or refunds after a purchase has been made or for lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed tickets. When USER receives tickets, USER should keep them in a safe place. Please note that direct sunlight or heat may damage tickets.

Pricing: All prices are in United States Dollars (USD) unless otherwise specifically stated. SITE cannot confirm the price of an item until after an order is completed by USER. Despite SITE'S best efforts, a small number of the items listed on the SITE may be priced incorrectly. If the FULFILLER discovers an item's correct price is higher than the stated price, the FULFILLER will either complete the order at the original price, contact USER to inform them of different price with an option to purchase, or cancel USER'S order and notify USER of such cancellation.

Schedule of Fees and Charges: The price charged to USER's credit card beyond the price of the individual tickets shall include the following fees and charges:
Processing Charge: Cost per ticket associated with SITE operation, customer service center operation, and other costs associated with the fulfillment of USER's ticket request.
Delivery: Costs associated with the Delivery Method chosen by USER and the SITE'S arrangement of USER's ticket delivery by the FULFILLER.
Total: Entire amount charged to USER, including each ticket's price as set by the FULFILLER, Processing Charge, and Delivery.

Payment:

Credit Card Charges: USER's credit card will be charged by the FULFILLER responsible for fulfilling their order and not SITE. If USER has any questions about charges on USER's credit card statement, USER should contact SITE at support@ticketsplus.com or direct USER's question to FULFILLER responsible for completing the ticket order. FULFILLER may charge or authorize USER's credit card in advance of confirming ticket availability. If tickets are ultimately found to be unavailable, the USER's credit card will not be charged or USER will receive a full refund for the charged amount.
Payment by Debit Card: In some cases, FULFILLER may attempt to authorize a debit card multiple times, creating several holds on USER's account. This often happens when a third-party credit card processing company requires additional security verification such as a CVV, Zip Code, or address, or when USER's information is incorrectly provided or mistyped. Though the FULFILLER will only clear USER's transaction once, the hold(s) will temporarily lower USER's available balance. Any hold(s) may take up to several days to clear.
Third Party Payment Platforms (Paypal, ApplePay, etc.): If USER selects to complete the transaction using a Third Party Payment Platform, such third party services may be subject to separate policies, terms of use, and or fees of said third parties and USER accepts the same by completing the transaction using the Third Party Payment Platform. The name on the transaction of USER's Third Party Payment Platform account will be "My Ticket Tracker." If USER has any questions about the transaction on the Third Party Payment Platform account, USER should contact support@ticketsplus.com.
International Orders: International Orders placed by USER may be subject to delayed processing. SITE recommends that USER contact their credit card company or financial institution prior to placing an order to prevent unnecessary delays or holds. Neither SITE, nor FULFILLER shall be responsible for delays, holds, or any extra fees associated with placing an International Order.

Disputed Charges: USER is responsible for any and all legal fees incurred by USER, FULFILLER, and/or SITE associated with USER'S disputed charges and chargebacks for purchases made on SITE. In no event will SITE or FULFILLER be responsible for such legal fees.

Event Listings SITE does not guarantee the accuracy of event information on SITE including but not limited to event name, event location or venue, event start time, or event date. Event start times are subject to change without notice. Changes to an event including but not limited to event location or venue, event start time, event date, performer list, performance type, length of event, and amenities included in a ticket package may be done at the discretion of the venue, performer, promoter or other party responsible for the event each of which are unaffiliated with SITE and SITE has no control over such changes, nor can SITE be liable for any such changes. USER agrees to visit the website of the venue, stadium, team, or performer to find out if there have been any event time adjustments. 

Ticket Holder Behavior Policy: The USER agrees to abide by all rules and policies of the venue where the event is located relating to conduct and behavior.  Should the USER be ejected from the event for failure to abide by the venue's rules and policies, USER shall be subject to all applicable fines and legal or other expenses associated with the ejection.  Further, should the ejection result in the loss of the TICKET SELLER's right to use any other season tickets at that venue, or the right to purchase other tickets from that venue, USER shall be held liable for all reasonable costs, expenses, and losses associated with said loss, including but not limited to all direct, indirect, vicarious, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including lost profits.

Ticket Availability: SITE cannot guarantee ticket availability until USER is in possession of their tickets. Generally, all ticket listings on SITE are a unique set of tickets from an individual TICKET SELLER. Some ticket listings on SITE may only be representations of available tickets and not actual seat locations or currently available tickets. Occasionally tickets ordered may no longer be available at the price or in the quantity originally ordered at the time the order is received. If equivalent or better seat locations are available at the same price, the TICKET SELLER will fill the order with the alternative seat locations. If no alternates are available, either USER'S credit card will not be charged at all or the entire amount will be refunded, and USER will be notified that the ticket request has been rejected.

Fraudulent Use: In order to protect USER from fraud, USER may be required to provide additional proof of identify on any order. Proof of identity may include but is not limited to a signed credit card authorization and/or photocopies or scans of public documents such as a state driver's license or federal passport. In some cases USER may be requested to provide identification via a secure third party verification process.

Shipping: All orders are shipped to USER using the delivery method chosen for the order. Most orders are shipped the same business day in which they are received. Orders placed after business hours may be shipped on the next business day. Shipments may require direct signature at the point of delivery.

Delayed Shipment: Event tickets are generally delivered according to the delivery method selected at the time of ticket checkout. Most orders are shipped the same business day in which they are received or, if placed after business hours, orders may be shipped on the next business day. However, tickets may not always be available for immediate delivery, particularly in cases when the tickets have been purchased far in advance of the event in question or for certain events including but not limited to the following: all off-season orders for professional sporting leagues, concerts, and Las Vegas events tickets. While most tickets are delivered within three business days of the delivery method chosen, this does not imply a guaranteed delivery date. In these situations tickets may be marked with an estimated ship date. USER will be provided with account access information that will allow them to view the status of their order and tracking information, if available, after purchase. In the case where tracking information is not available USER may contact a representative of the FULFILLER for shipment information or an estimated delivery date. Tickets will be shipped when available, and choice of an expedited delivery method does not guarantee that tickets will be shipped immediately. USER should check the order notes for the estimated delivery date.

International Shipping: USER is located outside of the United States, USER must choose an International Delivery option. If a domestic shipping option is chosen for an order to be shipped outside the United States, the shipping cost will be adjusted by the FULFILLER after the order is placed to use the International Rate.

Delivery Verification: If USER specifies a shipping address that does not allow for Delivery Verification, such as a Post Office Box, USER may be required to pay an additional fee to cover the additional risks associated with this type of order. If such a shipping address is used, the FULFILLER will, at their discretion, either contact USER about the additional fee prior to shipping or cancel USER’S order and notify USER of such cancellation. Shipments may require direct signature at the point of delivery. Once FULFILLER has shipped the tickets, it is USER responsibility to receive the package. Should the package be refused, undelivered, or returned, refunds or credits will not be issued by FULFILLER as per the all sales are final term of these Terms. If a package has been returned and must be re-shipped by the FULFILLER, it is the USER responsibility to contact the FULFILLER for re-shipping options. USER understands that additional delivery fees may be charged prior to reshipping.

E-Ticket Instant Download: Electronic tickets or "e-tickets" marked as "Instant" may not be available for immediate download in all circumstances. Due to potential fraud concerns, some "Instant" e-ticket purchases may be downgraded to regular e-ticket download to allow for additional processing. In such cases, USER will receive notification with USER'S receipt explaining that USER'S order has been downgraded to regular e-ticket download.

E-Ticket Download: Electronic tickets or "e-tickets" may not be available for immediate download. After placing an order, USER will receive an email with instructions on how to download the tickets; therefore, it is important that USER provides accurate email address information during the order process.  The USER will be required to enter order specific credentials to gain access to the tickets, and USER must have access to a printer from which to print the tickets. USER is responsible for contacting Customer Support should USER not receive the email instructions, be unable to download the tickets, or be unable to print the tickets. Neither SITE nor FULFILLER will issue refunds for USER'S failure to provide a correct email address or failure to print the tickets.

Will-Call Option: USER must pick up the tickets at the box office of the venue approximately one hour before the scheduled start of the event. USER will need to bring a government-issued ID in order to claim the tickets. Should USER

Permitted Use: USER agrees that USER is only authorized to visit, view, and to retain a copy of pages of this SITE for USER'S own personal use, and that USER shall not duplicate, download, publish, modify, or otherwise distribute the material on this SITE for any purpose other than to review event and promotional information, for personal use, or to purchase tickets or merchandise for USER'S personal use, unless otherwise specifically authorized by SITE to do so. USER may not use any robot, spider, scraper, offline reader, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device, tool, or process to retrieve or in any way reproduce, circumvent, or interfere with the Site or its contents, nor may USER use any automated software or computer system to search for, reserve, buy, or otherwise obtain tickets from SITE. USER may not submit any software or other materials that contain any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs, or other items of a destructive nature. The content and software on this SITE is the property of SITE and/or its suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.

Links: The SITE may automatically produce search results that reference or link to third party sites throughout the World Wide Web. SITE has no control over these sites or the content within them. SITE cannot guarantee, represent or warrant that the content contained in the sites is accurate, legal and/or inoffensive. SITE does not endorse the content of any third party site, nor does SITE warrant that they will not contain viruses or otherwise impact USER'S computer systems. By using the SITE to search for or link to another site, USER agrees and understands that USER may not make any claim against SITE for any damages or losses, whatsoever, resulting from use of the SITE to obtain search results or to link to another site. If USER experiences a problem with a link from the SITE, please notify SITE at support@ticketsplus.com and SITE will investigate USER'S claim and take any actions deemed appropriate at SITE'S sole discretion.

Violation of the Terms: SITE, in its sole discretion, and without prior notice, may terminate USER'S access to the SITE, cancel USER'S ticket order or exercise any other remedy available to it. USER agrees that monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to SITE for violations of these terms and conditions and USER consents to injunctive or other equitable relief for such violations. SITE may release USER information by operation of law, if the information is necessary to address an unlawful or harmful activity against SITE. SITE is not required to provide any refund to USER if USER is terminated as a USER of this SITE.

Intellectual Property Information: For purposes of these TERMS, CONTENT is defined as any information, communications, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sounds, and other material and services that can be viewed by USERS on the site. This includes, but is in no way limited to, message boards, chat, and other original content. By accepting these TERMS, USER acknowledges and agrees that all CONTENT presented to USER on this site is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws, and is the sole property of SITE and/or its affiliates. USER is only permitted to use the CONTENT as expressly authorized by SITE or the specific CONTENT provider. Except for a single copy made for personal use only, USER may not copy, reproduce, modify, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute any documents or information from this site in any form or by any means without prior written permission from SITE or the specific CONTENT provider, and USER is solely responsible for obtaining permission before reusing any copyrighted material that is available on this site. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties. Neither SITE nor its affiliates warrant or represent that USER'S use of materials displayed on, or obtained through, this site will not infringe the rights of third parties. All other trademarks or service marks are property of their respective owners. Nothing in these TERMS grants USER any right to use any trademark, service mark, logo, and/or the name of SITE or its affiliates.

SITE reserves the right to terminate the privileges of any USER who uses this SITE to unlawfully transmit or receive copyrighted material without a license or express consent, valid defense or fair use exemption to do so.  After proper notification by the copyright holder or its agent to us, and confirmation through court order or admission by the USER that they have used this SITE as an instrument of unlawful infringement, SITE will terminate the infringing USER'S rights to use and/or access to this SITE. SITE may, also in its sole discretion, decide to terminate a USER's rights to use or access to the SITE prior to that time if SITE believes that the alleged infringement has occurred.

Disclaimers: SITE MAKES NO ASSURANCES THAT THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, OR PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SITE OR ANY SITE CONTENT, SEARCH OR LINK THEREIN. THE SITE AND SITE CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN 'AS-IS' AND 'AS-AVAILABLE' BASIS. SITE MAKES NO ASSURANCES THAT FILES USER ACCESSES OR DOWNLOADS FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. SITE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING ALSO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SITE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, VICARIOUS, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. SITE DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY USERS, SITE USERS, ADVERTISERS AND/OR SPONSORS ON THE SITE, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE SERVICE OR OTHERWISE RELATED TO USER USE OF THE SITE AND/OR THE SITE SERVICE. SITE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, ACTIONS OR FAILURE TO ACT OF ANY TICKET BROKER, VENUE, PERFORMER (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THEIR PERFORMANCE, FAILURE TO PERFORM OR MODIFICATION OF THE PERFORMANCE OR EVENT IN ANY WAY), PROMOTER OR OTHER THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH OR REFERENCED ON THE SITE.

Limitation on Liability: USER acknowledges that SITE is a venue allowing people to buy and sell tickets to concert, sporting and entertainment events. The listings of ticket inventory on SITE are provided by a third party ("PROVIDER"). Neither SITE nor PROVIDER is involved in the actual transaction between buyers and sellers. While SITE and PROVIDER may help facilitate the resolution of disputes, neither SITE nor PROVIDER has control over the content of the tickets listed on SITE, the truth or accuracy of such listings, the ability of the FULFILLER to sell tickets, or that USER and FULFILLER will actually complete a transaction. Regardless of this provision, if either SITE or PROVIDER is found to be liable, SITE or PROVIDER'S liability to USER or any third party is limited to the greater of (a) any amounts due under SITE's limited guarantee when applicable, (b) the amount of fees in dispute not to exceed the total fees of the transaction, or (c) $100.

Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will SITE or PROVIDER be liable to USER for any indirect, vicarious, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if SITE and PROVIDER have been advised of the possibility of such damages.  USER further agrees that the maximum available remedy on any successful claim is the greater of the choices listed in the paragraph above.

Indemnity: USER agrees to indemnify and hold SITE, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of USER'S use of the SITE, including also USER'S use of the SITE to provide a link to another site or to upload content or other information to the SITE.

Governing Law: USER agrees that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the use of SITE will be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut without regard to its conflict of law provisions. USER agrees to personal jurisdiction by venue in the state and federal courts of the State of Connecticut, Hartford County.

Arbitration and Dispute Resolution: Any controversy, claim, dispute, or other action, arising out of or relating to the use of SITE, any order placed on SITE, or these policies including any dispute over the validity, enforceability or scope of this arbitration provision (a "CLAIM" or "CLAIMS") shall be resolved through binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA") in accordance with its Consumer Rules. SITE will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration for a CLAIM of USD $10,000 or less. If, however, the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the CLAIM or the relief sought in the CLAIM is frivolous or that the CLAIM was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all such fees will be governed by applicable AAA Rules. In such case, USER agrees to reimburse SITE for all monies previously disbursed by SITE that are otherwise USER's obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. In addition, if USER initiates an arbitration for a CLAIM for more than USD $10,000, the payment of fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. The AAA rules will determine whether the arbitration will take place through written submissions by USER and SITE, by telephone, or in person. SITE and USER shall both participate in the selection of an arbitrator. Any award issued through arbitration is enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. 

BY AGREEING TO ARBITRATE, USER IS GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE (OR PARTICIPATE IN AS A PARTY OR CLASS MEMBER) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY. INSTEAD, A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR WILL RESOLVE ALL CLAIMS. IF USER DOES NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, USER MUST NOTIFY SITE IN WRITING WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE DATE THAT USER PLACES AN ORDER ON SITE. USER's WRITTEN NOTIFICATION TO SITE MUST INCLUDE USER's NAME, ADDRESS AND ORDER NUMBER AS WELL AS A CLEAR STATEMENT THAT USER DOES NOT WISH TO RESOLVE CLAIMS WITH SITE THROUGH ARBITRATION. WRITTEN NOTIFICATION SHOULD BE MAILED TO SITE. 

Any arbitration or trial by a judge of any CLAIM will take place on an individual basis without resort to any form of class or representative action ("CLASS ACTION WAIVER"). Regardless of anything else in this Arbitration Provision, the validity and effect of this CLASS ACTION WAIVER may be determined only by a court and not by an arbitrator. USER and SITE acknowledge that the CLASS ACTION WAIVER is material and essential to the arbitration of any disputes between the parties and is non-severable from the agreement to arbitrate CLAIMS. If the CLASS ACTION WAIVER is limited, voided or found unenforceable, then the parties' agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void with respect to such proceeding, subject to the right to appeal the limitation or invalidation of the CLASS ACTION WAIVER. USER AND SITE ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL A CLASS ACTION BE ARBITRATED. 

All CLAIMS brought by USER against SITE must be resolved in accordance with this Arbitration and Dispute Resolution Section. All CLAIMS filed or brought contrary to this Arbitration and Dispute Resolution Section shall be considered improperly filed. Should USER improperly file a CLAIM, SITE may recover attorneys' fees and costs up to USD $1,000 from USER, provided that SITE has notified USER in writing of the improperly filed CLAIM, and USER fails to promptly withdraw the CLAIM after USER receives notice of improper filing from SITE.
Events in Illinois: Pursuant to 815 ILCS 414/1.5(c)(5), complaints involving tickets to events in Illinois may be resolved through binding arbitration and administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules including the Optional Rules for Emergency Measures of Protection. USER and FULFILLER agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Illinois for such complaints.

Force Majeure: SITE shall not be deemed in default or otherwise liable under these rules and policies due to its inability to perform its obligations by reason of any fire, earthquake, flood, substantial snowstorm, epidemic, accident, explosion, casualty, strike, lockout, labor controversy, riot, civil disturbance, act of public enemy, cyber-terrorism, embargo, war, act of God, or any municipal, county, state or national ordinance or law, or any executive, administrative or judicial order (which order is not the result of any act or omission which would constitute a default hereunder), or any failure or delay of any transportation, power, or communications system or any other or similar cause not under SITE'S control (hereinafter all of the foregoing is collectively referred to as FORCE MAJEURE). Notwithstanding the foregoing, SITE shall be permitted to terminate this Agreement with or without notice to USER in the event that USER is prevented from performing hereunder due to FORCE MAJEURE.

Registration: Certain areas of the SITE are provided solely to registered USERS of the SITE. Any USER registering for such access agrees to provide true and accurate information during the registration process. SITE reserves the right to terminate the access of USER should SITE know, or have reasonable grounds to suspect that USER has entered false or misleading information during the registration process. ALL REGISTERED USERS MUST BE OVER EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OF AGE. Children under the age of eighteen (18) shall not be permitted to register. SITE reserves the right to require valid credit card information as proof of legal age. SITE maintains a strict online Privacy Policy and will not sell or provide USER credit card information to third parties.

USER Account: USER will select a username and password as part of the registration process. All USER account pages are protected with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. USER is fully responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their username and password. USER agrees to immediately notify SITE at support@ticketsplus.com should USER know, or have reasonable grounds to suspect, that the username or password have been compromised. SITE shall not be responsible for USER'S failure to abide by this paragraph. SITE may, in its sole discretion, terminate the USER'S account for any reason. Under no circumstances shall SITE be liable to any USER or third party for termination of USER'S account.

Third Party Advertisers: SITE may allow third party advertisers to advertise on the SITE. SITE undertakes no responsibility for USER'S dealings with, including any on-line or other purchases from, any third party advertisers. SITE shall not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred by USER in its dealings with third party advertisers.

Privacy Policy: USER can browse SITE without revealing USER'S personal information, but in order to take advantage of most of the SITE'S services, USER must give personal information. By providing personal information, USER expressly consents to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of USER'S personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. This privacy policy, herein referred to as the Privacy Policy, covers SITE and PROVIDER'S treatment of personal or personally identifiable information, herein referred to as Personal Information, that may be collected when USER is on the SITE and when USER uses SITE services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies or individuals that SITE does not own or exercise supervisory control over, or to third party advertisers on the SITE.

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for http://www.ticketsplus.com. It applies solely to information collected by this website. This Privacy Policy will notify USER of the following: 1.    What personally identifiable information is collected from USER through the web site, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared. 2.    What choices are available to USER regarding the use of USER data. 3.    The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of USER information. 4.    How USER can correct any inaccuracies in the information.

Information Collection, Use, and Sharing: PROVIDER and FULFILLER are the sole users of the information collected on this SITE. PROVIDER only has access to or collects information that USER voluntarily gives via emailor other direct contact from USER or if USER gives SITE permission to access such information, such as requesting or purchasing tickets from a FULFILLER. PROVIDER, along with FULFILLER, will use USER's personal information for transactional purposes, including those related to customer service for the transaction. PROVIDER may also use USER's personal information to provide marketing services on behalf of SITE as well as share USER's personal information with affiliated entities of PROVIDER to provide joint content and services and to market the products and services of such entities. PROVIDER may sell USER’S personal information to non-financial organizations, such as companies engaged in direct marketing and the selling of consumer products and services. If USER grants permission to SITE to detect USER’s location, SITE will use that information only to refine search results displayed to USER.

PROVIDER will use USER information to respond to USER regarding the reason USER contacted SITE. PROVIDER will not share USER information with any third party outside of PROVIDER’s organizations, other than as necessary to fulfill USER request, e.g. to ship an order, or, in some instances, to partner with another company to provide certain content, programs and services such as those disclosed in the previous paragraph. In those cases, PROVIDER will require third party agents to maintain the confidentiality of the data. In those situations, when USER provides personal information, it may be sent directly to the partner company or PROVIDER may share the information with the partner company. Unless USER requests otherwise, PROVIDER may contact USER in the future to tell USER about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. Neither SITE nor PROVIDER are responsible for the policies or offerings of any third party, and USER is urged to review third party’s policies and terms and conditions, as they may vary.

SITE and PROVIDER will respond to a verified law enforcement, or other governmental department request or subpoena relating to a criminal investigation, alleged illegal activity, or identity theft. In such events, SITE and PROVIDER will disclose information relevant to the investigation such as name, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address, fraud complaints, IP address, and credit card information. SITE and PROVIDER may also share such information with third parties for the purposes of investigating or preventing fraudulent activities. SITE and PROVIDER reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that they believe, in good faith, to be unlawful. In the case of identity theft, USER may authorize a law enforcement officer to request the records from SITE and PROVIDER or USER may request that SITE and PROVIDER send any records directly to a law enforcement officer.

USER Access to and Control Over Information: USER can do the following, at any time, by contacting PROVIDER via the email address or phone number given on the website:

Opt out of any future contact from SITE or PROVIDER;
See what data is on file about USER, if any;
Change or correct any data on file about USER;
Have deleted any data on file about USER; and
Express any concern USER has about use of USER data.
To stop receiving promotional or marketing emails or to opt-out of having USER's information sent to third parties for marketing purposes, USER can follow the instructions in any promotional email USER receives from SITE. Even if USER opts out of receiving promotional or marketing emails, USER will still be contacted with transactional messages.
Third Party Advertising & Data Collection Please note that third party vendors, including but not limited to Google, show advertisements for SITE on the internet. Third party vendors, including but not limited to Google, use cookies to serve advertisements based on USER's prior visits to SITE. To opt out of Google's use of cookies and web beacons, USER can visit the Google advertising opt-out page available on Google's website at www.google.com/privacy/ads. SITE may share, sell, or rent USER information collected voluntarily from USER on the SITE with third party vendors, advertising companies, or analytics providers including but not limited to Google.

In addition, SITE participates in targeted advertising. SITE allows third-party companies to collect certain information when USER visits SITE to provide measurement services to SITE and target ads to USER. SITE uses this information to serve ads for SITE'S products or services or for the products or services of other companies when USER visits this SITE or other websites. These companies use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware or software information, cookie and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g. IP address) during USER's visits to this SITE and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to USER. These parties typically use a cookie, third party web beacon, or other similar technologies to collect this information.

Some browsers have a "do not track" feature that lets USER tell websites that USER does not want to have USER's online activities tracked. At this time, SITE does not respond to browser "do not track" signals, but SITE does provide USER the option to opt out of targeted advertising. To learn more about this type of advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising, visit www.aboutads.info/choices.
Security: PROVIDER takes precautions to protect USER information. When USER submits sensitive information via SITE, USER information is protected both online and offline.

Whenever sensitive information (such as credit card data) is collected, that information is encrypted and transmitted in a secure way. USER can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of USER web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. PROVIDER is committed to not re-identifying sensitive information collected by SITE.

While encryption is used to protect sensitive information transmitted online, PROVIDER also protects USER information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers and servers on which personally identifiable information is stored are kept in a secure environment.

If USER feels that PROVIDER is not abiding by this Privacy Policy, USER should contact SITE immediately via telephone at (844) 753-8305 or via email at support@ticketsplus.com.

Copyright Infringement Notification: Should USER wish to file a copyright infringement notification with TicketsPlus.com, USER will need to send a written or electronic communication that includes all of the following, as based on Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA):

1.    A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the material that has allegedly been infringed.
2.    Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity. *Please provide the URL(s) in the body of the email or letter, as this will help us to identify the potentially infringing material.
3.    Contact information of the complainant.
4.    A statement that the complainant has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is a copyright violation.
5.    A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complainant is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of material that has allegedly been infringed.Written or electronic notice of copyright infringement should be mailed, faxed, or emailed to TicketsPlus.com's designated agent at:

Copyright Complaints
TicketsPlus.com
27068 La Paz Road #537
Aliso Viejo, CA 92656

Fax: 
Email: support@ticketsplus.com

Please note the following:
--Under Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability for damages.
Service and Advertising Emails: SITE may send USER several service-related emails to the email address given when placing an order. These include a confirmation email with details of USER'S order, a pre-event email reminder about the event to be attended, and a post-event email gathering feedback on the USER'S experience. When USER places an order, SITE may also add USER to the weekly mailing list to be informed of upcoming events. USER can opt out of these emails at any time by notifying support@ticketsplus.com.

Amendments: SITE reserves the right to amend this policy at any time. SITE will post a notice of changes on its SITE, when and if the terms of this policy are amended.

Supplemental Terms for NFL Ticket Sales For Current NFL Season Your use of any ticket to an NFL or NFL team’s game or event (“Event”) is subject to these Supplemental Terms (“Supplemental Terms”) as well as the TicketsPlus terms and conditions, and any additional terms and conditions (“Terms”) imposed by the applicable home team (“Event Provider”), Event venue, promoters and Event organizers, federal, state or local authorities.  To the extent these Supplemental Terms directly conflict with any of the applicable Terms, the Terms will apply.  By purchasing or using a ticket for an Event, you, on behalf of yourself and anyone on whose behalf you are purchasing a ticket (including any accompanying minors), acknowledge having read these Supplemental Terms and other applicable Terms, and agree to be bound by them.

1. SAFETY AND HEALTH POLICIES

Due to the uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic, your Event tickets and admission are subject to all stadium and Event Provider safety and health policies. You acknowledge that due to the evolving nature of the pandemic, the Event Provider may continue to develop and update these policies in the intervening time between your purchase and the Event date. By using Event tickets, you acknowledge and agree that you will comply with such policies and your attendance at the Event is conditioned on such compliance. If your admission to the Event is denied or revoked because you have willfully failed or refused to comply with any such safety and health policies of the stadium or Event Provider, you will not be eligible for a refund.

2. ASSUMPTION OF RISK, RELEASE, WAIVER & COVENANT NOT TO SUE

AN INHERENT RISK OF EXPOSURE TO COVID-19 EXISTS IN ANY PUBLIC PLACE WHERE PEOPLE ARE PRESENT. COVID-19 IS AN EXTREMELY CONTAGIOUS DISEASE THAT CAN LEAD TO SEVERE ILLNESS AND DEATH. ACCORDING TO THE CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION, SENIOR CITIZENS AND THOSE WITH UNDERLYING MEDICAL CONDITIONS ARE ESPECIALLY VULNERABLE. BY ATTENDING THE EVENT, YOU VOLUNTARILY ASSUME, ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF AND ALL ACCOMPANYING MINORS, ALL RISKS RELATED TO EXPOSURE TO COVID-19.

On behalf of yourself and your Related Persons (defined below), you further hereby release (and covenant not to sue) each of the Released Parties (defined below) with respect to any and all claims that you or any of your Related Persons may have (or hereafter accrue) against any of the Released Parties and that relate in any way to (i) your exposure to COVID-19; (ii) your entry into, or presence within or around, the Event (including all risks related thereto, and including without limitation in parking areas or entry gates) or compliance with any protocols applicable to the Event; or (iii) any interaction between you and any personnel of any of the Released Parties present at the Event, in each case whether caused by any action, inaction or negligence of any Released Party or otherwise.

As used herein:

“Related Persons” means your heirs, assigns, executors, administrators, next of kin, anyone attending the Event with you (which persons you represent have authorized you to act on their behalf for purposes of these Supplemental Terms), and other persons acting or purporting to act on your or their behalf.
“Released Parties” means: (i) TicketsPlus, (ii) NFL Ventures, Inc., NFL Ventures, L.P., the National Football League and its professional member clubs, and each of their respective direct and indirect affiliates, administrators, designees, licensees, agents, owners, officers, directors, employees, contractors (and all employees of such contractors) and other personnel; (iii) the direct and indirect owners, lessees and sublessees of the stadium at which the Event is held and related stadium grounds (including, without limitation, parking areas and entry gates) (“Stadium”); (iv) all third parties performing services at the Stadium; and (v) any parents, subsidiaries, affiliated and related companies and officers, directors, owners, members, managers, partners, employers, employees, agents, contractors, sub-contractors, insurers, representatives, successors and/or assigns of each of the foregoing entities and persons, whether past, present or future and whether in their institutional or personal capacities.
3. SEVERABILITY CLAUSE

If any provision or part of these Supplemental Terms is held to be illegal, unenforceable or ineffective, such provision or part thereof shall be deemed modified to the least extent necessary to render such provision legal, enforceable and effective, or, if no such modification is possible, such provision or part thereof shall be deemed severable, such that all other provisions in and referenced in these Supplemental Terms remain valid and binding.
These policies were last amended on Friday, May 28, 2021.