 Towns California Colorado IDAHO NORTH Carolina Maryland VIRGINIA Arizona Tennessee Products Collection and Use of Personal InformationWhile you’re using this site, we collect the following information about you:Usage activity about how you interact with it, such as what content you viewed and which areas you visited;Information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system;Anything you put into a form on this site.In order to provide you with Internet and service for that Internet, we also collect the following personal information from you when you’re our customer or in other situations like when you’re still just considering if you’re going to be our customer:Contact information such as your name, email address, mailing address, service address, and phone number;Billing Information such as credit card number and billing address;Other unique Identifiers such as your user name, account number, and a hash of your password (this means we can’t see your actual password).We use this information to:See how well we're doing with website design;Fulfill your order;Send you an order confirmation;Respond to customer service requests;Administer your account, including allowing you to (a) login to, navigate, and use our website; (b) view and adjust the services you have purchased from us inside your account; and (c) pay your bill or update your billing information;Send you communications about how to use our services;Send you communications about new service offerings;Solicit your feedback on the quality of our customer service; andRespond to your questions and concerns.Be aware, this Privacy Statement does not apply to any third-party application or equipment providers: this means any equipment or app you may use with Ting Internet services but that are not controlled by us. If you set up an account with or receive services from one of these third parties, you will be subject to that third party’s privacy policy, terms and conditions, and acceptable use policy.‍ While you’re using this site, we collect the following information about you: Usage activity about how you interact with it, such as what content you viewed and which areas you visited; Information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system; Anything you put into a form on this site. In order to provide you with Internet and service for that Internet, we also collect the following personal information from you when you’re our customer or in other situations like when you’re still just considering if you’re going to be our customer: Contact information such as your name, email address, mailing address, service address, and phone number; Billing Information such as credit card number and billing address; Other unique Identifiers such as your user name, account number, and a hash of your password (this means we can’t see your actual password). We use this information to: See how well we're doing with website design; Fulfill your order; Send you an order confirmation; Respond to customer service requests; Administer your account, including allowing you to (a) login to, navigate, and use our website; (b) view and adjust the services you have purchased from us inside your account; and (c) pay your bill or update your billing information; Send you communications about how to use our services; Send you communications about new service offerings; Solicit your feedback on the quality of our customer service; and Respond to your questions and concerns.Be aware, this Privacy Statement does not apply to any third-party application or equipment providers: this means any equipment or app you may use with Ting Internet services but that are not controlled by us. If you set up an account with or receive services from one of these third parties, you will be subject to that third party’s privacy policy, terms and conditions, and acceptable use policy.‍ Information Obtained From Third PartiesWe obtain address information about you from third party sources, such as the US Postal Service, to verify your address so we can properly ship your order to you and to prevent fraud. If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. We obtain address information about you from third party sources, such as the US Postal Service, to verify your address so we can properly ship your order to you and to prevent fraud. If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. Disclosure to Third PartiesWe provide your personal information to our networking partners when you choose our internet so that they can provide equipment and technology to you at your specified address. We also use certain software vendors to manage our customer support, credit card processing, and fraud detection. Our contracts with each of these companies requires them to keep your information safe and secure and not to share the information with anyone other than Ting Internet. We take this seriously and only select partners we think we can trust with your information. We do not sell your information. We also don’t share your information with anyone we think will use it to market to you. The current list of third parties who may have access to information you give to us is:Amazon ConnectAvalaraBluebeamBOSS811DatadogDelightedeeroFellowFivetranFlowsanaFreshbooksGoogleHotjarHubspotInkitIQGeoJuroLookerMyDurangoRebrandySage (Intacct)ServiceMaxSimply AnalyticsSlackSnowflakeSurveyMonkeyStripeTipaltiUsabillaWebflowZendesk We provide your personal information to our networking partners when you choose our internet so that they can provide equipment and technology to you at your specified address. We also use certain software vendors to manage our customer support, credit card processing, and fraud detection. Our contracts with each of these companies requires them to keep your information safe and secure and not to share the information with anyone other than Ting Internet. We take this seriously and only select partners we think we can trust with your information. We do not sell your information. We also don’t share your information with anyone we think will use it to market to you. The current list of third parties who may have access to information you give to us is: We do not sell your information Amazon Connect Avalara Bluebeam BOSS811 Datadog Delighted eero Fellow Fivetran Flowsana Freshbooks Google Hotjar Hubspot Inkit IQGeo Juro Looker MyDurango Rebrandy Sage (Intacct) ServiceMax Simply Analytics Slack Snowflake SurveyMonkey Stripe Tipalti Usabilla Webflow Zendesk Tracking technologiesWe use technologies such as cookies to gather information about how you and others interact with our website. For example, we will know how many people access specific areas or features within our site and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how this site is used and to provide content and features that are of use and interest to you. We use technologies such as cookies to gather information about how you and others interact with our website. For example, we will know how many people access specific areas or features within our site and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how this site is used and to provide content and features that are of use and interest to you. The security of your personal information is important to us. When you provide sensitive information (such as a credit card number) to us, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We also follow generally-accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. Each of us gets regular training about how to handle sensitive data and how important it is. Notification of changesWe may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Ready for better internet?Check availability Check availability © 2020 Ting Internet 2020