By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law. In no event shall ControlC or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on ControlC's Internet site, even if ControlC or a ControlC authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. While ControlC will make best efforts to ensure the availability and security of the website and user data, users acknowledge and agree that ControlC shall not be held liable for any unauthorized access, modification, distribution or deletion of user data, whether temporary or permanent. Users are strongly advised to maintain their own copies of all data submitted to the website and understand that they are solely responsible for safeguarding their data. ControlC disclaims any liability for any loss, damage, or inconvenience resulting from data incidents and encourages users to take appropriate precautions to protect their information. The materials appearing on ControlC's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. ControlC does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. ControlC may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. ControlC does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials. ControlC reserves the right to ban or suspend any user at its discretion if they violate these Terms of Service. In such cases, all user data may be deleted, any owed payments forfeited, and access to the website terminated without notice. These actions are solely determined by ControlC, and ControlC is not liable for any resulting consequences. ControlC may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use. Any claim relating to ControlC's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflict of law provisions. Any data you post to ControlC may be publicly visible and remain forever. By submitting any content to our site, you grant us an exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, modify, publish, distribute, publicly perform, and publicly display the Content in any manner and for any purpose, including but not limited to marketing, promotion, and advertising, without any further consent or compensation to you. This license shall remain in effect unless and until you or ControlC removes the content from our website. You agree that you will not post information or link to any information that is libelous, nor may it promote hate, violence, or illegal activity in any country. You may not impersonate any individual or group, real or fictitious, if asked to provide personally identifying information. You may not use this website for any purpose which would be deemed illegal under united states law. You agree that you will not hold ControlC or its operators responsible for any damages that may result from direct or indirect usage of this website, or for any other operations of this website. You acknowledge that there is no guarantee as to the suitability of this website for any specific purpose. The Terms of Service may change at any time without notification. In addition, You agree that you will not post any content that contains, or contains links to: * unlawful content or content that promotes unlawful activities * email or password lists * content that infringes on any proprietary right of any party, including patent, trade secret, copyright, or any others. * Financial data, including but not limited to credit card numbers or banking details * Personally identifiable information or "dox" * Pornographic content * Exploits, Malware, Viruses or any form of 'command and control' information which is used by malware * Threats, Harassment, Libel/Slander, Scams, Blackmail, Discrimination or Racism * Any other material which is not legal, both civilly or criminally in the United States of America We reserve the right to reject, delete or remove any content we deem unacceptable, in our sole discretion, without restriction. In the event that any provision or part of this Terms of service is determined to be unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions of this contract shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the unenforceable provision shall be modified or reformed to the extent necessary to make it enforceable while preserving the parties' original intent to the greatest extent possible. Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy. We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. © ControlC.com 