 New! Read the 2023 Congress on X Report to See the Top Stories that Drove Social Media Conversation Menu Your browser is outdated. to better experience this site. Your browser has turned off or is blocking Javascript. If you are using a content blocker, check to see that you have not globally turned off Javascript. If you have turned it off manually in your browser, please enable it to better experience this site. Quorum’s public affairs software helps you map, track, change, and report on your policy landscape – all in one place. Request Demo Dedicate more time to strategic initiatives and less to manual work with an all in one platform that allows you to map, track, change, and report across your organization’s entire policy landscape. /.tabbed-content-outer-wrapper /.tabbed-content-tab-list /.tabbed-content-tab-pane-wrapper Track Legislation Manage Stakeholder Relationships Drive Grassroots Actions ★ “Resourceful and super cool to use.” Tapiwa J. Advocacy Organizer “Quorum is the one-stop shop for advocacy” Ali R. National Grassroots Manager, Digital “Seamless software for government affairs professionals.” Alex B. “A smart tool that relates and centralizes useful information in one place.” Emily L. “It is the best service to ensure messages are delivered from advocates to lawmakers.” Jack M. “Best product on the market for stakeholder management.” Libby E. CEO “Quorum is a game changer for larger gov affairs shops!” Sophie O. Teams of every shape, size, and kind use Quorum to work smarter and move faster across their policy landscape. Learn About Our Products Federal State Local Grassroots Stakeholder PAC Classic Quorum PAC International European Union Resource Government Relations Strategic Plan Template Seven Examples of Effective Grassroots Advocacy Campaigns Five Strategies for Measuring the ROI of Government Affairs <iframe id="meetings-iframe" class="lazyload" data-src="https://info.quorum.us/meetings/demos2/quorum-demo/?embed=true" width="100%" style="min-width: 312px; min-height: 400px; border: none;"></iframe> How long do you need? What time works best?