Prohibits the publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent. This service informs users that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. You must create an account to use this service. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service does not share user information with third parties. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. They may stop providing the service at any time. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. The service allows you to use pseudonyms. Court of law is in California. You must be at least 13 years old to use the service. This service does not sell your personal data. This service does not force users into binding arbitration. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection.. You have the right to leave this service at any time. The user is informed about security practices. Your personal data is used for limited purposes. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable. Users who have been permanently banned from this service are not allowed to re-register under a new account. The service reviews its privacy policy on a regular basis. The service provides two factor authentication for your account. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $100.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . Third parties may be involved in operating the service. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect