GitHub Docs Version: Free, Pro, & Team Version: Free, Pro, & Team Search GitHub Docs / GitHub Terms GitHub Terms of Service GitHub Corporate Terms of Service GitHub Terms for Additional Products and Features GitHub Community Guidelines GitHub Community Code of Conduct GitHub Copilot Pre-release License Terms GitHub Sponsors Additional Terms GitHub Registered Developer Agreement GitHub Marketplace Terms of Service GitHub Marketplace Developer Agreement GitHub Research Program Terms GitHub Open Source Applications Terms and Conditions GitHub Event Terms GitHub Event Code of Conduct GitHub Educational Use Agreement Acceptable Use Policies GitHub Acceptable Use Policies Active Malware or Exploits Bullying and Harassment Disrupting the Experience of Other Users Doxxing and Invasion of Privacy Hate Speech and Discrimination Impersonation Misinformation and Disinformation Sexually Obscene Content Threats of Violence and Gratuitously Violent Content GitHub Appeal and Reinstatement Privacy Policies GitHub Privacy Statement GitHub Subprocessors GitHub Cookies GitHub Codespaces Privacy Statement GitHub Candidate Privacy Policy GitHub Copilot Business Privacy Statement GitHub Octernships Terms of Service Other Site Policies GitHub and Trade Controls GitHub Deceased User Policy GitHub Logo Policy GitHub Government Takedown Policy GitHub Username Policy Guidelines for Legal Requests of User Data GitHub Account Recovery Policy Content Removal Policies Submitting content removal requests DMCA Takedown Policy GitHub Private Information Removal Policy GitHub Trademark Policy Guide to Submitting a DMCA Counter Notice Guide to Submitting a DMCA Takedown Notice Security Policies Coordinated Disclosure of Security Vulnerabilities GitHub Bug Bounty Program Legal Safe Harbor GitHub SIRT description RFC 2350 GitHub Company Policies GitHub Statement Against Modern Slavery and Child Labor GitHub Anti-Bribery Statement GitHub GPL Cooperation Commitment GitHub Gifts and Entertainment Policy The short version Summary Who is responsible for the processing of your information? GitHub acting on your behalf What information GitHub collects How GitHub uses your information How we share the information we collect Your choices regarding our processing of your personal data Our use of cookies and tracking technologies Retention of personal data How GitHub secures your information Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Government Enforcement Changes to our Privacy Statement License Contacting GitHub Translations European Data Protection Rights Notice U.S. State Data Privacy Effective date: October 10, 2023 Thanks for entrusting GitHub, Inc. or GitHub B.V. (“GitHub”, “we”, "us" or "our") with your source code, your projects, and your personal data. This Privacy Statement explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of your data, including any personal data we collect and process in connection with our website and any applications, software, products, and services provided by GitHub, including any Beta Previews (collectively, the “Service(s)”). We use your personal information as this Privacy Statement describes. No matter where you are, where you live, or what your citizenship is, you have the same high standard of privacy protection when using GitHub's products as all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or location. The data controller of your personal data is GitHub, Inc. For individuals outside North America, the data controller is GitHub B.V. The personal data we collect depends on how you interact with us, the services you use, and the choices you make. We collect information about you from different sources and in various ways when you use our Service, including information you provide directly, information collected automatically, third-party data sources, and data we infer or generate from other data. We collect personal data you provide to us. For example: We collect information such as your name and contact data, including username and email address, and credentials such as your password, during account creation. In some cases, we request that you provide age, gender, and similar demographic details. If you make a purchase or other financial transaction, we collect credit card numbers, financial account information, and other payment details. We collect any code, text, photographs, documents, or other files, including videos or recordings, you upload to our Service; and if you send us email messages or other communications, we collect and retain those communications. For example, you may choose to give us more information for your Account profile, such as your full name, an avatar which may include a photograph, your biography, your location, your company, and a URL to a third-party website. Please note that your profile information may be visible to other Users of our Service. We collect any feedback or ratings you provide, including through written communications and via surveys. When you visit or use our Service, we collect some information automatically. For example: If you have a paid Account or subscription with us, or make a purchase or sale using our Service, we automatically collect certain information about your transactions on the Service, such as your full name, address, region, state, country, zip code, the date, time, and amount charged. If you're accessing or using our Service, we may automatically collect information about how you use and how your device interacts with the Service, such as the pages you view, the referring site, your IP address and information about your device, session information, the date and time of each request, device type and ID, operation system and application version, information contained in or relating to your contributions to individual repositories, and telemetry data (i.e., information about how a specific feature or service is performing) regarding your use of other features and functionality of the Service. As further described below, we automatically collect usage information and interaction data using cookies (which may use a cookie ID), depending on your settings or preferences, in connection with our Service. In connection with certain features and depending on the functionality of the Service, we collect geolocation information such as through IP addresses or the location information you choose to provide in your Account profile. We infer new information from other data we collect, including using automated means to generate information about your likely preferences or other characteristics (“inferences”). For example, we infer your general geographic location (such as city, state, and country) based on your IP address. Other companies with whom you choose to engage. GitHub may collect personal data about you from third parties. For example, this may happen if you sign up for training or to receive information about GitHub from one of our vendors, partners, or affiliates. GitHub does not purchase personal data from third-party data brokers. Service Providers. We may also receive information from processors or service providers who process the data on our behalf, such as our payment processor who process payment and billing information in connection with our Service. Co-branding/marketing partners. We may receive information from partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities. Publicly available sources. We may also obtain information from publicly available sources as GitHub repositories. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. And you may use web browser or operating system controls to prevent certain types of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary for certain services or features, those services or features may not be available or fully functional. We may use your information to provide, administer, analyze, manage, and operate our Service. For example, we use your information for the following purposes: We combine data we collect from different sources for these purposes and to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience. We share personal data as described below, including with your consent or as necessary to complete your transactions or provide the services you have requested or authorized. In addition, we may share each of the categories of your personal data described above with the types of third parties described below for the following business purposes: We share your personal data with service providers who process the information on our behalf to provide or improve our Service. For example, our service providers may perform payment processing, customer support ticketing, network data transmission, web analytics, marketing operations, security, online advertising, and other similar services. Our service providers may process data in your region, in the United States, or in any other country where they operate facilities. Such processing by service providers and any related cross border data transfers will be in compliance with applicable law. We enable access to personal data across our subsidiaries, affiliates, and related companies, for example, where we share common data systems, when affiliates provide services on our behalf, or where access is needed to operate and provide the Service. GitHub has the responsibility for the processing of personal information it receives under the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Principles and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on GitHub’s behalf. GitHub shall remain liable under the DPF Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the DPF Principles, unless the organization proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. We will disclose personal data if we believe it is necessary to: We may share your personal data if we are involved in a merger, sale, or acquisition of corporate entities or business units as described in this Privacy Statement. Please note that some of the features on our Service include integrations, references, or links to services provided by third parties whose privacy practices differ from ours. If you provide personal data to any of those third parties, or allow us to share personal data with them, that data is governed by their privacy statements. Finally, we may share de-identified information in accordance with applicable law. We provide choices about the personal data we collect about you. The choices you make will not apply to any personal data associated with an Organization under your Account. We retain and use your information as described in this Privacy Statement, but barring legal requirements, we will delete your full profile within 90 days of your request. After an account has been deleted, certain data, such as contributions to other Users' repositories and comments in others' issues, will remain. However, we will delete or de-identify your personal data, including your username and email address, from the author field of issues, pull requests, and comments by associating them with a ghost user. That said, the email address you have provided via your Git commit settings will always be associated with your commits in the Git system. If you choose to make your email address private, you should also update your Git commit settings. We are unable to change or delete data in the Git commit history — the Git software is designed to maintain a record — but we do enable you to control what information you put in that record. Additionally, if you are unable to access certain personal data we have via the means described above, you can request access by contacting us as described at the bottom of this privacy statement. Depending on your email settings, GitHub may occasionally send notification emails, for example, about changes in a repository you’re watching, new features, requests for feedback, important policy changes, or to offer customer support. We may also send marketing emails, based on your choices and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. There's an “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of each of the marketing emails we send you. Please note that you cannot opt out of receiving important communications from us, such as emails from our Support team or system emails, but you can configure your notifications settings in your profile to opt out of other communications. For Enterprise Marketing Pages, we may also use non-essential cookies to (i) gather information about enterprise users’ interests and online activities to personalize their experiences, including by making the ads, content, recommendations, and marketing seen or received more relevant and (ii) serve and measure the effectiveness of targeted advertising and other marketing efforts. If you disable the non-essential cookies on the Enterprise Marketing Pages, the ads, content, and marketing you see may be less relevant. Our emails to users may contain a pixel tag, which is a small, clear image that can tell us whether or not you have opened an email and what your IP address is. We use this pixel tag to make our email communications more effective and to make sure we are not sending you unwanted email. We use cookies and similar technologies, such as web beacons, local storage, and mobile analytics, to operate and provide our Services. When visiting Enterprise Marketing Pages, like resources.github.com, these and additional cookies, like advertising IDs, may be used for sales and marketing purposes. Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your device. A cookie can later be read when your browser connects to a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie contains a string of numbers and letters that may uniquely identify your device and can contain other information as well. This allows the web server to recognize your browser over time, each time it connects to that web server. Web beacons are electronic images (also called “single-pixel” or “clear GIFs”) that are contained within a website or email. When your browser opens a webpage or email that contains a web beacon, it automatically connects to the web server that hosts the image (typically operated by a third party). This allows that web server to log information about your device and to set and read its own cookies. In the same way, third-party content on our websites (such as embedded videos, plug-ins, or ads) results in your browser connecting to the third-party web server that hosts that content. Mobile identifiers for analytics can be accessed and used by apps on mobile devices in much the same way that websites access and use cookies. When visiting Enterprise Marketing pages, like resources.github.com, on a mobile device these may allow us and our third-party analytics and advertising partners to collect data for sales and marketing purposes. We may also use so-called “flash cookies” (also known as “Local Shared Objects” or “LSOs”) to collect and store information about your use of our Services. Flash cookies are commonly used for advertisements and videos. The GitHub Services use cookies and similar technologies for a variety of purposes, including to store your preferences and settings, enable you to sign-in, analyze how our Services perform, track your interaction with the Services, develop inferences, combat fraud, and fulfill other legitimate purposes. Some of these cookies and technologies may be provided by third parties, including service providers and advertising partners. For example, our analytics and advertising partners may use these technologies in our Services to collect personal information (such as the pages you visit, the links you click on, and similar usage information, identifiers, and device information) related to your online activities over time and across Services for various purposes, including targeted advertising. GitHub will place non-essential cookies on pages where we market products and services to enterprise customers, for example, on resources.github.com. We and/or our partners also share the information we collect or infer with third parties for these purposes. The table below provides additional information about how we use different types of cookies: You have several options to disable non-essential cookies: Specifically on GitHub Enterprise Marketing Pages Any GitHub page that serves non-essential cookies will have a link in the page’s footer to cookie settings. You can express your preferences at any time by clicking on that linking and updating your settings. Some users will also be able to manage non-essential cookies via a cookie consent banner, including the options to accept, manage, and reject all non-essential cookies. Generally for all websites You can control the cookies you encounter on the web using a variety of widely-available tools. For example: These choices are specific to the browser you are using. If you access our Services from other devices or browsers, take these actions from those systems to ensure your choices apply to the data collected when you use those systems. We retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide the services and fulfill the transactions you have requested, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different services, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the data, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations. For example, we may retain your personal data for longer periods, where necessary, subject to applicable law, for security purposes. GitHub takes reasonable measures necessary to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, alteration, or destruction; maintain data accuracy; and help ensure the appropriate use of your personal data. To help us protect personal data, we request that you use a strong password and never share your password with anyone or use the same password with other sites or accounts. In addition, if your account has private repositories, you control the access to that Content. GitHub personnel does not access private repository content except for GitHub will provide notice regarding private repository access where not prohibited by law or if in response to a security threat or other risk to security. GitHub may store and process your personal data in your region, in the United States, and in any other country where GitHub or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers operate facilities. Our address is: GitHub Privacy Team GitHub, Inc. 88 Colin P. Kelly Jr. St. San Francisco, CA 94107 United States In the unlikely event that a dispute arises between you and GitHub regarding our handling of your personal data, please email us directly at (privacy [at] github [dot] com) with the subject line "Privacy Concerns". We will respond promptly and do our best to resolve the dispute. Additionally, you may have the right to file a complaint with your local data protection or privacy agency or supervisory authority. GitHub is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act (15 U.S.C. § 45), an organization's failure to abide by commitments to implement the DPF Principles may be challenged as deceptive by the FTC. The FTC has the power to prohibit such misrepresentations through administrative orders or by seeking court orders. Below are translations of this document into other languages. In the event of any conflict, uncertainty, or apparent inconsistency between any of those versions and the English version, this English version is the controlling version. If you are in the European Economic Area, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable laws, and the processing of personal data about you is subject to European Union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data: You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal data; If any automated processing of personal data is based on your consent or a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of the personal data in a usable and portable format; If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing; You can to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal data under certain circumstances; and for residents of France, you can send us specific instructions regarding the use of your data after your death. To make such requests, please use the contact information at the bottom of this statement. When we are processing data on behalf of another party (i.e., where GitHub is acting as a data processor) you should direct your request to that party. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns. We rely on different lawful bases for collecting and processing personal data about you, for example, with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests. If you are a U.S. resident, we process your personal data in accordance with applicable U.S. state data privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). This section of our Privacy Statement contains information required by the CCPA and other U.S. state data privacy laws and supplements our Privacy Statement. Sale. We do not sell your personal data. So, we do not offer an opt-out to the sale of personal data. Rights. You have the right to request that we (i) disclose what personal data we collect, use, disclose, share, and sell, (ii) delete your personal data, (iii) correct your personal data, and (iv) restrict the use and disclosure of your sensitive data, and (v) opt-out of future “sharing” of personal data for targeted advertising purposes. You may make these requests yourself or through an authorized agent. If you use an authorized agent, we provide your agent with detailed guidance on how to exercise your privacy rights. Additionally, under California Civil Code section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine the Light” law, California residents who have provided personal information to a business with which the individual has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customers”) may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Please be aware that we do not disclose personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes as defined by this law. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing (privacy [at] github [dot] com). Please note that businesses are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year and may not be required to respond to requests made by means other than through the designated email address. GitHub asks your consent to collect and process your sensitive data or does so at your direction. We do not use or disclose your sensitive data for purposes other than the following: Not in a Position to Identify Data. In some situations GitHub may process data in a state called Not in a Position to Identify Data (NPI) or de-identified data. Data is in this state when we are not able to link data to an individual to whom such data may relate without taking additional steps. In those instances, and unless allowed under applicable law, we will maintain such information in an NPI state, and will not try to re-identify the individual to whom NPI data relates. Parties that control collection of personal data. In certain situations, we may allow a third party to control the collection of your personal data. For example, on our Enterprise Marketing Pages, advertisers may be the controllers of information they collect through their cookies. All GitHub docs are open source. See something that's wrong or unclear? Submit a pull request.