The service provides two factor authentification for your account. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. Service does not allow alternative accounts. This service is only available to users of a certain age. You have the right to leave this service at any time. You maintain ownership of your data. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. you shall defend and indemnify This service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. The terms for this service are easy to read. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. The service has a no refund policy. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. They may stop providing the service at any time. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. The court of law governing the terms is in California, USA.. Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Your account can be suspended and your data deleted any time for any reason. The copyright license that users grant this service is limited to the parties that make up the service's broader platform.. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, users are notified at least 30 days in advance