Private messages can be read. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates. This service may collect, use, and share location data. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting. Your personal data may be sold or otherwise transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. Information is provided about how your personal data is used. You can opt out of promotional communications. You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online. Information is provided about security practices. You can retrieve an archive of your data. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data. The service informs you that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites. Your profile is combined across various products. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation. Logs are kept for an undefined period of time. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header.. The service may keep a secure, anonymized record of your data for analytical purposes even after the data retention period. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users. The court of law governing the terms is in the United States. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes. This service holds onto content that you've deleted. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising. You can delete your content from this service. Information is gathered about you through third parties. Many third parties are involved in operating the service