Toggle navigation At WordArt.com, we take your privacy and trust very seriously. This privacy and cookies policy ("Privacy Policy") is intended to outline how any personal data collected from you via wordart.com (the "Website"), will be protected, used, stored and processed by us to communicate with you and to deliver you excellent service. We collect and process the following types of information about you: The personal information you give us may include your first and surname, title, gender, birthdate (day and month), email address, phone number, address, financial information (such as credit or debit card details), as well as shipping address, billing address, and any other information that you consider necessary to provide us with. The information collected from you via our Website will be matched with personal information you may have given us in our stores. This is to help us ensure that the data we hold about you is kept accurate and up to date. We work closely with third parties, for example, business partners, sub-contractors for technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers. If we receive information about you from them, we will always seek assurances that they are providing information to us in accordance with data protection laws and that they are transparent with you that they may share your data with us. We may use this information to update our records about you to keep them accurate. We may use and share non-personal data we receive or collect from you without restrictions. WordArt.com may use the above personal data held about you for the following purposes (purposes for which we need your consent are marked *): We may also use your personal data when carrying out automated decision-making and profiling for the purpose of identifying what information or advertising you might like to see from us, for example, by creating individual or group profiles*. For some of the uses of your personal data (as described above) there is a legal basis under applicable data protection laws for us to use such personal data without your consent (these uses are not marked with *). Where we have a legal basis to use your information without consent (as we’ve described above), this Privacy Policy fulfils our duty to process personal data fairly and lawfully and in a manner that you would expect given the nature of our relationship with you, by giving you appropriate notice and explanation of the way in which your personal data will be used. Where consent is required for our use of your personal information, by ticking the appropriate consent box or otherwise communicating your consent (for example, by email, providing non mandatory information), you consent to our use of that personal information for the purposes covered by the specific consent that you have given. For example, we will only process your personal information for marketing purposes if we have your consent to do so. We will, if you have given us your consent, provide you with information about products, services, events, sales and marketing from WordArt.com (including personalised online content and advertising through WordArt.com website, social media platforms or our online partners). We will ask whether you would like us to send you marketing messages when you tick the relevant boxes when you check out, sign up for newsletters or updates, or if you register with us via the Website or by email. You will have the opportunity to clearly set out how you wish to hear from us. If you are registered, you can also manage your preferences by updating / changing your privacy settings of your account. You can unsubscribe at any time. We will not share your personal information with businesses outside WordArt.com, without your explicit prior consent, for them to contact you for marketing purposes (except if they are contacting you on behalf of us). Data we collect from you is transferred to, processed and stored by Linode LLC, with its registered office at 249 Arch St. Philadelphia, PA 19106 – USA, a service company to WordArt.com. We endeavour to protect your data by storing it on secure servers and by using technical and organisational security measures to safeguard your personal data and to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, and unauthorised access, disclosure, and alteration. Some of the safeguards we use are firewalls and data encryption, physical access controls to our data centres, and information access controls. Please understand, however, that no system is perfect or can guarantee that unauthorised access or theft will not occur. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access restricted areas of the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. Transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. We will do our best to protect your personal information but we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted via the Website; any transmission is therefore at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information, we will use strict procedures and security features (as mentioned above) to try and prevent unauthorised access. Your data may be stored in a database that we can access. We do this to help us organise our databases efficiently and understand how our clients may make purchases in different parts of the world. We will remain your point of contact. We will also share your data with Linode LLC who provide data storage facilities to us. We may also share your data with the following categories of selected third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy: These third parties who may receive your data will process that data for the purposes specified above and in accordance with applicable law. We will retain a list of the third parties with whom data is shared, which will be available upon request. The Website might, from time to time, contain links to third parties websites and other company websites which may have their own Privacy Policies. WordArt.com is not responsible for those websites, the activities and practices that take place on those websites or the relevant associated privacy policies. We will not store your personal data for longer than we need to use it in accordance with this notice. Unless we let you know otherwise (or you request we erase your personal data), we will keep your personal data as you remain a client with us or continue to wish to keep in touch with us. Even if you request that we erase your data, we may still need to keep it (please see below) or may keep it in a form that doesn’t identify you. If you have not agreed that we may use your data for marketing purposes, we will keep your data for 6 years after you have made a purchase from us. You have the following rights with regard to your personal information: If you ask us to stop processing your personal information in a certain way or erase your personal information, and this type of processing or information is needed to facilitate your use of the Website or is required to enable us to provide you with a service (such as to manage your online account), you may not be able to use the Website or the service as you did before. This does not include your right to object to direct marketing which can be exercised at any time without restriction. Please allow at least 3 working days for your request to be actioned. The rights mentioned above do not extend to non-personal data. We use certain tools, such as cookies, to collect data about your visit to the Website such as device ID or unique identified, device type, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Website, referring URL, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address and standard web log information. A cookie is a small text file that is used to store information on your browser or your computer's hard drive when you visit a website, such as the Website. A cookie does not contain information that identifies a person, but it allows for the linking of your computer to the information provided by you on the Website (such as, for example, linking your IP address and other information about your experience on the Website to your preferences expressed while choosing services and purchasing products offered through the Website). Cookies are disseminated by servers and no one may gain access to information contained therein. The information stored in cookies is gathered directly and automatically by the Website and is processed in an aggregate and anonymous manner. The use of cookies and other automatic data collection tools is necessary for the proper functioning of the Website and its services. However, you can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. If you block all cookies (including essential cookies), WordArt.com cannot ensure that all web pages of the Website will be displayed and/or that certain services will be supplied. We uses the following types of cookies: For more detailed information about cookies and how they can be managed and deleted, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org. We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended terms on the Website. Otherwise, continued use of the Website after the effective date of changes constitutes acceptance of the new terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was updated on 22th May 2018. © 2009 - 2023 All Rights Reserved