Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. No need to register. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. A license is kept on user-generated content even after you close your account. They may stop providing the service at any time. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Your account can be suspended for several reasons. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms. Security incidents may incur criminal or civil liability to the suspect. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage..  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. You cannot delete your contributions, but it makes sense for this service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided