Menu Privacy PolicyWe don’t track you.That’s our Privacy Policy in a nutshell. Privacy Policy Trackers lurk nearly everywhere online, trying to scoop up your search history, browsing history, location history, and more. Even everyday online activities like purchasing groceries or looking up the local weather can result in dozens of companies tracking you. When you visit our search engine or our other websites, your device sends some information about itself automatically, like its IP address, browser type, and language, and may send additional information upon request like its screen size, operating system, and preferences. However, we only use this information temporarily to deliver content to you and, for security, to ensure you’re not a malicious bot. We don’t save your IP address or any unique identifiers alongside your searches or visits to our websites. We also never log IP addresses or any unique identifiers to disk. In the process of delivering our search results and other content, we also prevent our hosting and content providers from creating a history of your searches and browsing. At a technical level, we achieve this by calling for content (for example, images) on your behalf from our servers and then ensuring that content is securely delivered to you through an end-to-end encrypted connection. In order for our product to function, we share anonymous browser and device information with our hosting and content providers for security and display purposes (for example, that you’re using a mobile device), but we never share any information with them that could tie your searches or website visits to you personally, or that could allow them to create a history of your individual search queries or the sites you browse. Related, the anonymous experiments described in the section above sometimes require us to use browser storage too, but we never store any information that could identify you or your searches. For example, we might use storage to make sure a design we’re testing doesn’t frequently change on you. Finally, if you use optional features, such as staying signed in to our Email Protection, we use only the minimal necessary storage to allow that feature to perform. Critically, it's not possible for us to provide search or browsing histories linked to you in response to legal requests because we don't have them. Nevertheless, we will vigorously resist government efforts to compel us to produce the very limited personal information that we might have, for example, your email address if you subscribe to our newsletter. Related, there are scenarios where we may transfer this limited personal information (for example, your email address) to countries other than the country in which it was received. For example, we have servers across the world and while your device will typically try to automatically connect to regional servers (e.g., European servers in Europe, U.S. servers in the U.S.), you could be using a VPN from another country. Additionally, DuckDuckGo team members are also distributed worldwide, and while we have robust security and access controls in place, authorized team members access DuckDuckGo servers as necessary to operate our services. In such scenarios, if any cross-border transfers are necessary, we will follow applicable legal requirements. We do not knowingly market to or solicit information from children.Our apps and website are intended for a general audience, and we do not knowingly market to or solicit information from children under 13. Our apps and website are intended for a general audience, and we do not knowingly market to or solicit information from children under 13. We do not sell your personal information.We have never sold any personal information. Period. We have never sold any personal information. Period. We will post a notice on this page when our policy is updated.We will notify you of changes by posting the modified version on our website. We will indicate the date it was last modified below with an update message on top. We will notify you of changes by posting the modified version on our website. We will indicate the date it was last modified below with an update message on top. Privacy, simplified.