Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. There is a date of the last update of the terms. You waive your moral rights. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. Users cannot scrape the website of the service. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. You waive your right to a class action.. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. Usernames can be rejected or changed for any reason. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. This services gives no guarantee regarding quality. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems