Riot Games® Terms of Service Last Modified: September 15, 2023 Greetings players, Please read these Terms carefully and pay particular attention to these items: We provide game rating info on our website about age appropriateness. We also encourage you to supervise your child’s online activities, review the content they are accessing and, as appropriate, monitor their social interactions. For more info on game ratings and content descriptors, please check your local ratings system. You’ll need a Riot Games account to access many of our services. To create an account and use the Riot Services, you must: (i) be an adult; (ii) be an emancipated minor; or (iii) have valid parent or legal guardian consent to be bound by these Terms. If you’re not an adult or emancipated minor, or don’t understand this Section, please talk to your parents or legal guardian and ask for help. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor who creates an account with us, you and the minor accept and agree to be bound by these Terms. You are also responsible for all use of the account and compliance with these Terms by the minor, including all purchases made on the account. You may not create or use an account or use any of the Riot Services on behalf of any other person or other legal entity or for a commercial purpose. You can create an account with unique login credentials on our websites or by logging into the Riot Services with an existing social media account (if applicable). You must always supply us with accurate and complete info including your real name. We send account, legal and service related notices to the email address registered to your account. These notifications may be really important (e.g., a notification that we intend to terminate your account for inactivity) so you must keep the email address associated with your account current and (if we ask) verified. If you create an account by logging in to the Riot Services with a social media account, your Riot Games account email will be the email address associated with that social media account. When you create an account with us, we require you to select a unique username and password (collectively, your “Login Credentials”). You agree that: You must notify us immediately if you become aware of any breach of security, including any unauthorized account access or any loss, theft or unauthorized use or disclosure of your Login Credentials or payment info so we can take appropriate steps. You are responsible for all losses (including loss or use of Virtual Content) on your account where you have shared your Login Credentials or have failed to keep your account or Login Credentials secure. To secure the integrity of the Riot Services and/or your account, we may require you to enable multi-factor authentication. 2.1.2. Us. We may terminate or suspend your account if we reasonably determine, that: If you do not use your account for a prolonged period of time, we reserve the right to take measures against your account, including suspension or termination. If we plan to take measures against your account based on prolonged period of inactivity, we will let you know first (e.g., by email to the email address registered to your account) and give you ample opportunity to avoid such measures (e.g., deletion of your account). If your account is terminated, you’ll no longer have access to your account, including any of the associated data or Virtual Content (including Game Currency) (though this does not limit or affect any rights you have under data or consumer protection laws). Where we terminate for a legitimate reason (e.g. where you have breached these Terms): You understand and agree that using the Riot Services comes with the risk that your account may be terminated or suspended in accordance with these Terms and that, whenever you use the Riot Services, you’ll bear this risk in mind and always conduct yourself appropriately. We grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use and enjoy the Riot Services (and any Virtual Content) for your individual, non-commercial, entertainment purposes only and expressly conditioned upon your compliance with these Terms. If we terminate your account, any license granted by us to you in the Riot Services and any Virtual Content ends immediately. Unless otherwise expressly authorized by us in a signed written contract, you may not sell, copy, exchange, loan, reverse engineer, decompile, derive source code from, translate, lease, grant a security interest in, transfer, publish, assign or otherwise distribute any of the Riot Services or any of Riot Games’ intellectual property, including any of our computer code or Virtual Content. You also agree that unless we grant you a license, in a written contract signed by us, you may never use any of our trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, domain names, taglines, or trade dress. Any reproduction, redistribution, or modification of the Riot Services, or use of the Riot Services not in accordance with these Terms, is expressly prohibited and may result in severe civil and/or criminal penalties. When using the Riot Services, we may provide you with opportunities to acquire a limited license to access virtual goods, such as champions, skins, emotes, etc., (“Virtual Goods”) and in-game currency (“Game Currency”), associated with your account (collectively, “Virtual Content”). Game Currency may only be used for the specific game for which it was purchased unless we say otherwise at the time of purchase. We may provide you with various opportunities to acquire a limited license to access Game Currency or Virtual Content, including: When you obtain Virtual Content from us, what we are actually giving you is a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, revocable, limited right and license to use that Virtual Content only in connection with your use of the applicable Riot Services. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms, you acknowledge and agree that you shall have no ownership or other property interest in your account, and that all rights in and to your account are and shall forever be owned by and inure to the benefit of Riot Games. You further acknowledge and agree that you have no title, ownership, or other proprietary interest in any Virtual Content, regardless of any consideration offered or paid in exchange. Furthermore, except (1) in cases of willful misconduct or gross negligence, (2) to the extent these Terms say otherwise or (3) as otherwise required by applicable law, Riot Games shall not be liable in any manner for the destruction, deletion, modification, impairment, hacking, or any other damage or loss of any kind caused to Virtual Content, including the deletion of Virtual Content upon the termination or expiration of your account or our reasonable changes to the Riot Services. Subject to applicable law, any applicable fees and other charges for fee-based services (including Game Currency) are payable in advance and aren’t refundable in whole or in part except as expressly provided in these Terms or our refund policy. Except in cases of Riot’s gross negligence, willful misconduct or to the extent these Terms say otherwise, you’re responsible for all losses and charges on your account resulting from sharing your Login Credentials or for having failed to keep your account or Login Credentials secure. You’re solely responsible for paying any applicable taxes related to acquiring, using, or accessing Game Currency. Game Currency may be sold or issued by us in bundles and the price may vary depending on the amount you purchase and where you’re purchasing. As we feel it necessary, in our reasonable discretion (or as prescribed by law), we may limit the total amount of Game Currency that may be purchased for any one game or that may be held in your account in the aggregate. Additionally, price and availability of Game Currency and Virtual Goods are subject to change with future effect. We may restrict how much Game Currency you can purchase and/or use based on your location as we have different approaches in different locations. You should verify that the proper amount of Game Currency has been added to or deducted from your account during any given transaction. Please notify us immediately if you believe that a mistake has been made with respect to your Game Currency balance. We’ll investigate your claim, and in doing so, may request some additional info to verify it. We value your feedback on the Riot Services, but please don’t submit any creative ideas, suggestions or materials to us (collectively, “Unsolicited Ideas”). We may freely use any Unsolicited Ideas you provide. This policy is aimed at avoiding potential misunderstandings or disputes when the Riot Services might seem similar to Unsolicited Ideas that people submit. You may not have any legal rights in the Unsolicited Ideas you insist on sending to us, but if you do, we will be allowed to use all or some of your Unsolicited Ideas for any reason we choose and without any payment to you. In legal terms, this means that if you submit Unsolicited Ideas to us, then you grant us a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable, transferable, assignable, non-exclusive, and royalty-free right and license to use, reproduce, distribute, adapt, modify, translate, create derivative works based upon, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, make, have made, sell, offer for sale, and import your Unsolicited Ideas, including all copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, designs, industrial rights, and all other intellectual and proprietary rights related to them, in any media now known or in the future developed, for any purpose whatsoever, commercial or otherwise, including giving the Unsolicited Ideas to others, without any compensation to you. To the extent necessary, you agree that you undertake to execute and deliver any and all documents and perform any and all actions necessary or desirable to ensure that the rights to use the Unsolicited Ideas granted to us as specified above are valid, effective, and enforceable and you waive and agree never to assert those rights, including those moral rights, to the maximum extent permitted by the laws of your jurisdiction. To be eligible to enjoy the Riot Services, you must comply with all laws and regulations in the jurisdiction in which you reside. You must also comply with the acceptable use and behavioral policies that we publish from time to time on our websites, apps and games and the behavioral rules listed below (collectively the “User Rules”). The User Rules posted to our websites, apps and games or set out in this Section are not meant to be exhaustive, and we reserve the right to modify them, as well as take appropriate disciplinary measures including temporary bans, account suspension or termination and deletion to protect the integrity and spirit of the Riot Services, regardless of whether a specific behavior is listed in the User Rules as inappropriate. The following are examples of behavior that warrant disciplinary measures: You should upload or transmit Your Content only if you agree that: In order to prevent cheating and hacking, we may require you to install anti-cheat software. This software may run in the background of your device. We may (and probably will) create updated versions of these Terms in the future as the Riot Services and applicable laws evolve. When we do, we’ll inform you of the new agreement which will supersede and replace these Terms. You’ll be given reasonable time and opportunity to review any new agreement we present to you and decide whether you wish to agree to the revised terms. If you accept the new agreement, you’ll be able to continue using the Riot Services. If you decline the new agreement, you won’t be able to use the Riot Services anymore. In an effort to constantly improve the Riot Services, evolve our games and keep the Riot Services, safe, fun, and secure, you agree that we may change, modify, update, suspend, “nerf,” or restrict your access to any features or parts of the Riot Services, including Virtual Goods (e.g., we might change some features of Virtual Goods for regulatory or legal reasons or to improve the game experience), and may require that you download and install software and updates to any software required to support the Riot Services, at any time without liability to you, to the extent permitted by law. You also understand and agree that any such changes or updates to the Riot Services might change the system specifications necessary to play our games, and in such a case, you, and not Riot Games, are responsible for purchasing any necessary additional software or hardware in order to access and play our games. You also understand and agree that we may use background patching to automatically update our games and software with or without notice to you. The Riot Services may contain links to websites operated by other parties. Again, we do not own or operate those other websites. We provide these links to you as a convenience, or other users might be posting these links as user-provided content. Use these links and the corresponding external websites at your own risk. We don’t control the linked sites, and we’re not responsible for the content available there. Such links don’t imply our endorsement of info or material on any other site. Riot Games respects copyright law and expects its users to do the same. It is our policy to terminate accounts in appropriate circumstances of users who infringe or are believed to infringe the rights of copyright holders. Riot Games will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the Riot Games website or other online network accessible through a mobile device or other type of device (the “Sites”) that are reported to Riot Games’ Designated Copyright Agent, identified in the sample notice below. If you’re a copyright owner, are authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through the Sites by submitting a notice that contains all of the following: * You only need to include this language if you live in the United States of America. Please note that the Notices are legal notices and that Riot Games may provide copies of such notices to the participants in the dispute or to third parties, at its discretion or as required by law. Upon receipt of such a Notice, Riot Games will take whatever action, in its sole discretion, it deems appropriate, including removal of the challenged material from the Sites. We are not responsible for your installation and use of, and results obtained from the Riot Services (no matter where you are based). Also, if you are based in North, Central or South America: The Riot Services are provided to you on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranties or representations of any kind, express or implied. You assume all responsibility for your use of the Riot Services. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Riot Games disclaims all warranties, express or implied, which might apply to the Riot Services, including implied warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, any warranties that may arise from course of dealing, course of performance or usage of trade, and any warranties as to the accuracy, reliability or quality of any content or info contained within the Riot Services. 14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY To the extent permitted by law, our total liability to you (whether for breach of this contract, negligence or for any other reason whatever) for any loss, harm or damage suffered by you in connection with your downloading, use and/or access of the Riot Services is limited to the total amounts paid by you to Riot during the twelve (12) months immediately prior to the time your cause of action first arose. We only make the Riot Services available for domestic and private use. We are not liable for business losses (such as any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, loss of goodwill or loss of business opportunity). We also won’t have responsibility for any damage which arises because you failed to install any update when it is made available by Riot Games or where you fail to maintain the minimum system specifications required. Separately, we are not responsible for: (i) any loss that was not foreseeable at the time you entered into these Terms; or (ii) any loss that we both knew might happen only because of your special circumstances existing at the time you entered into these Terms (including all indirect damages). Despite anything else we say in these Terms, WE DO NOT EXCLUDE OR LIMIT IN ANY WAY OUR LIABILITY TO YOU WHERE IT WOULD BE UNLAWFUL TO DO SO, including our liability for: (i) death or personal injury arising from our negligence; (ii) our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (iii) willful or grossly negligent behavior; (iv) for damage arising from a negligent breach of an obligation that is essential for the performance of the contract by Riot Games (“Cardinal Duties”) to the extent that is typical and foreseeable; (v) for any guarantee given by us to you; or (vi) for any liability under a jurisdiction’s applicable product liability legislation. You may also have specific rights under local law in addition to those set out above. Please review below to determine what law applies to your use of the Riot Services. Irrespective of this choice-of-law, you may have the benefit of other or additional mandatory rights or remedies provided by local law in addition to those set out in these Terms. Nothing in these Terms limits or affects those rights. If you live in North, Central or South America (excluding Brazil) If you live in South Korea These Terms and any action arising out of or in connection with these Terms shall be governed by the laws of Korea. If you live in Japan These Terms and any action arising out of or in connection with these Terms shall be governed by the laws of Japan. If you live in Singapore, Philippines, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia and Cambodia (“SEA”) These Terms and any action arising out of or in connection with these Terms shall be governed by the laws of Singapore. These Terms and any action arising out of or in connection with these Terms shall be governed by, and will be construed under, the laws of Ireland, without regard to conflict of law principles. If you live in: Arbitration is an alternative dispute resolution process in which the parties agree to have their disputes decided by a neutral third party and not by a sitting judge or jury. Arbitration allows parties to resolve their disputes privately and without the formality of going to court. Arbitration follows different procedural rules than a court would, and is subject to very limited review by courts. The arbitrator shall have the power to award any type of legal or equitable relief that would be available to you on an individual basis in a court of competent jurisdiction, but not relief that would affect non-parties. The arbitrator’s decision (called an “Award”) will consist of a written statement stating the disposition of each claim and provide a concise written statement of the essential findings and conclusions on which the Award is based. The Award will be final and binding upon the parties, may be confirmed by a court of competent jurisdiction, and then enforced like any other court order or judgment. You and Riot Games agree that each of us may bring claims against the other only on an individual basis and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class or representative action or proceeding. Unless both you and Riot Games agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate or join more than one person’s or party’s claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a consolidated, representative, or class proceeding. Also, the arbitrator may award relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief necessitated by that party’s individual claim(s). The arbitrator shall decide all issues in dispute between you and Riot Games, including issues of arbitrability and the existence, scope, validity and enforceability of these arbitration terms. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. We’ll pay for all filing, administration and arbitrator fees and expenses if your dispute is for less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator finds your dispute frivolous. If we prevail in arbitration we’ll pay all of our attorneys’ fees and costs and won’t seek to recover them from you. If you prevail in arbitration you will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses to the extent provided under applicable law. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, in person in the county where you live, or at another mutually agreed location. Either party may seek emergency provisional remedies, including injunctive or similar relief, pursuant to the AAA Rules or from a court of competent jurisdiction located in Los Angeles County, California, where necessary to protect that party’s rights and interests for the infringement or misappropriation of intellectual property rights pending the appointment of an arbitrator. You and Riot Games agree that any dispute, claim or controversy that has been submitted to arbitration, and all related proceedings including any settlement agreement, shall be kept confidential. However, the prevailing party in any arbitration may file the arbitration Award with any court of competent jurisdiction in order to have that Award confirmed in a court order or judgment. Any dispute arising under these Terms or Riot Services will be brought in the court having jurisdiction in accordance with the Code of Korean Civil Procedure. The Tokyo District Court shall have the exclusive jurisdiction in the first instance over any dispute between Riot Games and you arising out of, or in connection with, these Terms or any Riot Services. Any dispute, controversy, claim or difference of any kind whatsoever arising out of or in connection with these Terms or Riot Services, including any question regarding their existence, validity or termination, shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration administered by the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC Rules”) for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference in this Section. The seat of the arbitration shall be Singapore. The Tribunal shall consist of one (1) arbitrator and the language of the arbitration shall be English. Within a year after you submit your complaint to us, you may also try to resolve your dispute with Riot Games through a mediation procedure. This does not limit your statutory rights to initiate a court proceeding. You may access Riot Services we make available from certain authorized third party stores or platforms (an authorized third party provider of any store, game system, console or platform each a “Third Party Platform”), only if you agree that: Riot Games is composed of many different legal entities that operate worldwide. These Terms are an agreement between you and the specific Riot Games entity responsible for providing the Riot Services in your region, as set forth below. If you live anywhere in North, Central or South America (except Brazil): Riot Games, Inc.Attn: Legal Department12333 West Olympic Blvd.Los Angeles, CA 90064United States If you live in South Korea: Riot Games Korea, Ltd.Attn: Legal Department30th floor, Parnas Tower, 521 Teheran-ro, Gangnam-guSeoul, Korea If you live in Japan: Riot Games, LLCAttn: Legal DepartmentRoppongi Hills Mori Tower 34F6-10-1, Roppongi, Minato-ku,Tokyo 106-6134Japan If you live in SEA: Riot Games Services PTE. LTD.Attn: Legal Department51 Bras Basah Rd, #05-01, S5008 & S5009,Singapore 189554 If you live anywhere else, including the EEA, UK or Brazil: Riot Games Ltd.Attn: Legal DepartmentPO Box 11989Dublin 2Ireland Neither you nor Riot Games may assign its rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time without the prior written consent of the other party. Any unauthorized assignment by either you or us shall be null and void. These Terms represent the complete agreement between you and Riot Games concerning the Riot Services, and supersede any prior or contemporaneous agreements between you and Riot Games. These Terms shall coexist with, and shall not supersede any other Riot Games policies referenced in these Terms. You and Riot Games agree that we each have not relied upon any terms, conditions, representations, warranties or similar that are not expressly set out in these Terms. Riot Games shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform, including any failure to perform under these Terms due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond Riot Games’ control such as: (a) hacking, cyber-attacks, data corruption/loss (where we have taken the steps that would reasonably be taken by companies like us to avoid this event occurring); or (b) acts of god, war, terrorism, bomb-threats, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials. This does not limit or affect any rights you have under consumer protection laws. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Riot Games as a result of these Terms or your use of the Riot Services. Riot Games’ failure to enforce any provision of these Terms shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver of such provision, nor in any way affect the right of any party to enforce each and every such provision after that. Any waiver by Riot Games of any provision, condition or requirement of these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision, condition or requirement. Much of the Riot Services are developed in the U.S. so you cannot use them if: (1) the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Treasury Department lists you as a specially designated national and/or blocked person; (2) the Bureau of Industry and Security of the United States Department of Commerce lists you on its denied persons list or lists of parties of concern; or (3) you’re on any similar list promulgated by an official agency or department of the United States government. You warrant and represent that you’re not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any embargoed country. Except as otherwise provided in these Terms, if any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be considered severed from these Terms and the remainder of these Terms shall continue in full force and effect. The headings and parentheticals in these Terms are provided for informational and entertainment purposes only. They have no legal effect whatsoever. Whenever we use “including” in these Terms, we mean “including without limitation.” BY SELECTING THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON BELOW OR OTHERWISE USING OR ACCESSING THE RIOT SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET OUT IN THESE TERMS. Riot Games Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Share this on LinkedIn Watch on YouTube