 : Select a language Home Menu Legal Stuff Talk legal to me Talk legal to me HubSpot Customer Terms of Service Last Modified: September 1, 2023 Last Modified: September 1, 2023 PLEASE READ THESE CUSTOMER TERMS OF SERVICE CAREFULLY. Our Customer Terms of Service is a contract that governs our customers' use of the HubSpot services. It consists of the following documents: : This is the rulebook setting out what you can and can’t do while using our products and services. We’ve aimed to keep these documents as readable as possible, but in some cases for legal reasons, some of the language is necessarily “legalese”. By using the Subscription Service or receiving the Consulting Services, you are agreeing to these terms. Last modified September 1, 2023 1. DEFINITIONS “Add-Ons” means additional product enhancements (including Limit increases and other add-ons) that are made available for purchase and are listed in the 'Add-Ons & Limit Increases' and the 'Technical Limits and Definitions' sections of our Products and Services Catalog. "Affiliate" means any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party to this Agreement. For purposes of this definition, control means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity. "Authorized Payment Method" means a current, valid, payment method accepted by us, as may be updated from time to time and which may include payment through your account with a third party. "Billing Period" means the period for which you agree to prepay fees under an Order Form. This may be the same length as the Subscription Term specified in the Order Form, or it may be shorter. For example, if you subscribe to the Subscription Service for a one (1) year Subscription Term, with a twelve (12) month upfront payment, the Billing Period will be twelve (12) months. “Confidential Information” means all confidential information disclosed by a party ("Disclosing Party") to the other party ("Receiving Party"), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or a reasonable person would consider confidential. Confidential Information includes all information concerning: the Disclosing Party's customers and potential customers, past, present or proposed products, marketing plans, engineering and other designs, technical data, business plans, business opportunities, finances, research, development, and the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Confidential Information does not include any information that (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (ii) was known to the Receiving Party prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, (iii) is received from a third party without breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party, or (iv) was independently developed by the Receiving Party. Subject to the foregoing exclusions, Customer Data will be considered Confidential Information under this Agreement regardless of whether or not it is designated as confidential. "Contact" means a single individual (other than a User) whose Contact Information is stored by you in the Subscription Service. "Contact Information" means the name, email address, phone number, online user name(s), and similar information submitted by visitors to your landing pages on the Subscription Service or uploaded by you to the Subscription Service. "Consulting Services" means the professional services provided to you by us, which may include training services, installation, integration or other consulting services. "Customer Data" means all information that you submit or collect via the Subscription Service. Customer Data does not include HubSpot Content. "Customer Materials" means all materials that you provide or post, upload, input or submit for public display through the Subscription Service. “Free Services” means the Subscription Service or other products or features made available by us to you on an unpaid trial or free basis. "Order" or "Order Form" means the HubSpot-approved form or online subscription process by which you agree to subscribe to the Subscription Service and purchase Consulting Services. "Subscription Fee" means the amount you pay for the Subscription Service. "Subscription Term" means the initial term of your subscription to the applicable Subscription Service, as specified on your Order Form(s), and each subsequent renewal term (if any). For Free Services, the Subscription Term will be the period during which you have an account to access the Free Services. "Third-Party Products" means non-embedded products and professional services that are provided by third parties which interoperate with or are used in connection with the Subscription Service. These products and services include non-HubSpot apps available from, for example, our marketplaces, directories, and links made available through the Subscription Service and non-HubSpot services listed on services.hubspot.com. "Third-Party Sites" means third-party websites linked to from within the Subscription Service, including Communications Services. “Total Committed Subscription Value” means the aggregate amount of Subscription Fees paid or payable to us during your then-current Subscription Term(s) for all of your HubSpot accounts, but this amount excludes fees for renewals, Consulting Services and applicable taxes. "Users" means your employees, representatives, consultants, contractors or agents who are authorized to use the Subscription Service for your benefit and have unique user identifications and passwords for the Subscription Service. "HubSpot", "we", "us" or “our” means the applicable contracting entity as specified in the ‘Contracting Entity and Applicable Law’ section. "You", "your" or “Customer” means the person or entity using the Subscription Service or receiving the Consulting Services and identified in the applicable account record, billing statement, online subscription process, or Order Form as the customer and your Affiliates included in the scope of your purchase. 2. USE OF SERVICES 2.1 Access. During the Subscription Term, we will provide your Users access to use the Subscription Service as described in this Agreement and the applicable Order. We may provide your Users access to use our Free Services at any time by activating them in your HubSpot account. We might provide some or all elements of the Subscription Service through third party service providers. You must ensure that all access, use and receipt by your Users is subject to and in compliance with this Agreement. You may provide access and use of the Subscription Service to your Affiliate's Users or allow them to receive the Consulting Services purchased under an Order; provided that, all such access, use and receipt by your Affiliate's Users is subject to and in compliance with the Agreement and you will at all times remain liable for your Affiliates' compliance with the Agreement. 2.2 Additional Features. You may subscribe to additional features of the Subscription Service by placing an additional Order or activating the additional features from within your HubSpot account (if this option is made available by us.). This Agreement will apply to all additional Order(s) and all additional features that you activate from within your HubSpot account. You must be 18 years of age or older to use the Subscription Service. You may not use the Subscription Service if you are legally prohibited from receiving or using the Subscription Service under the laws of the country in which you are resident or from which you access or use the Subscription Service. The Subscription Service is not designed to comply with industry-specific regulations such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) or the Federal Information Security Management Act (FISMA), so you may not use the Subscription Service where your communications would be subject to such laws. You may not use the Subscription Service in a way that would violate the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA). Nothing contained in this section limits the usage restrictions specific to Sensitive Information under the Agreement. 2.10 No Sensitive Information. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES HAVE NOT BEEN DESIGNED TO PROCESS OR MANAGE SENSITIVE INFORMATION AND ACCORDINGLY YOU AGREE NOT TO USE THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE TO COLLECT, MANAGE OR PROCESS SENSITIVE INFORMATION. WE WILL NOT HAVE AND WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY THAT MAY RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE TO COLLECT, PROCESS OR MANAGE SENSITIVE INFORMATION. 2.11 Customer Responsibilities. To realize the full value of the Subscription Service and Consulting Services, your participation and effort are needed. Resources that may be required from you include a project manager, one or more content creators, a sales sponsor, an executive sponsor and a technical resource (or equivalent). Responsibilities that may be required include planning of marketing programs; setting of a content creation calendar; creating blog posts, social media content, Calls-To-Action (CTAs), downloads, emails, nurturing content, and other materials; acting as internal liaison between sales and marketing; providing top level internal goals for the use of the Subscription Service; attending regular success review meetings; and supporting the integration of the Subscription Service with other sales and marketing systems. 2.12 Free Trial. If you register for a free trial, we will make the applicable Subscription Service available to you on a trial basis free of charge until the earlier of (a) the end of the free trial period (if not terminated earlier) or (b) the start date of your paid subscription. Unless you purchase a subscription to the applicable Subscription Service before the end of the free trial, all of your data in the Subscription Service may be permanently deleted at the end of the trial, and we will not recover it. If we include additional terms and conditions on the trial registration web page, those will apply as well. 3. FEES 3.3 Payment of Fees. If you are paying by credit card, you authorize us to charge your Authorized Payment Method for all fees payable during the Subscription Term. You further authorize us to use a third party to process payments, and consent to the disclosure of your payment information to such third party. Authorized Payment Method In the event of a failed attempt to charge your Authorized Payment Method (for example, if your Authorized Payment Method has expired or is no longer valid), we reserve the right, and you authorize us, to retry billing your Authorized Payment Method. If you update your Authorized Payment Method to remedy a change in validity or expiration date, we will automatically resume billing; we may also receive updates on your Authorized Payment Method through our payment service providers and automatically resume billing. We may suspend your access in accordance with the 'Suspension' section or terminate your account in accordance with the 'Termination for Cause' section if we remain unable to successfully charge a valid Authorized Payment Method. 3.4 Payment against invoice. If you are paying by invoice, we will invoice you no more than forty-five (45) days before the beginning of the Subscription Term and each subsequent Billing Period, and other times during the Subscription Term when fees are payable. All amounts invoiced are due and payable within thirty (30) days from the date of the invoice, unless otherwise specified in the Order Form. 3.5 Payment Information. You will keep your business information up to date, including your company name, address, and primary contact. You will also keep your Authorized Payment Method and billing information up to date for the payment of incurred and recurring fees, including your tax information. Changes may be made on your Billing Page within your HubSpot account. You authorize HubSpot to continue to charge your Authorized Payment Method for applicable fees during your Subscription Term and until any and all outstanding Fees have been paid in full. All payment obligations are non-cancelable and all amounts paid are non-refundable, except as specifically provided for in this Agreement. All fees are due and payable in advance throughout the Subscription Term. If you are a HubSpot Solutions Partner that purchases on behalf of a client, you agree to be responsible for the Order Form and to guarantee payment of all fees. 3.6 Sales Tax. All fees are exclusive of taxes, which we will charge as applicable. You agree to pay any taxes applicable to your use of the Subscription Service and performance of Consulting Services. You will have no liability for any taxes based upon our gross revenues or net income. If you are located in the European Union, all fees are exclusive of any VAT and you represent that you are registered for VAT purposes in your member state. At our request, you will provide us with the VAT registration number under which you are registered in your member state. If you do not provide us with a VAT registration number prior to your transaction being processed, we will not issue refunds or credits for any VAT that was charged. If you are subject to GST, all fees are exclusive of GST. If you are located in Canada, all fees are exclusive of GST, PST and HST. 3.7 Withholding Tax. If you are required to deduct or withhold tax from payment of your HubSpot invoice, you may deduct this amount from the applicable Subscription Fee due to the extent it is due and payable as assessed withholding tax required under laws that apply to you (the “Deduction Amount”). You will not be required to repay the Deduction Amount to us, provided that you present us with a valid tax receipt verifying payment of the Deduction Amount to the relevant tax authority within ninety (90) days from the date of the invoice. If you do not provide this tax receipt within the specified time period, then all fees, inclusive of the Deduction Amount, will be immediately due and payable, and failure to pay these fees may result in your account being suspended or terminated for non-payment. 4. TERM AND TERMINATION 4.1 Term and Renewal. Your initial subscription term will be specified in your Order, and, unless otherwise specified in your Order, your subscription will automatically renew for the shorter of the subscription term, or one year. 4.3 Early Cancellation. You may choose to cancel your subscription early at your convenience provided that, we will not provide any refunds of prepaid fees or unused Subscription Fees, and you will promptly pay all unpaid fees due through the end of the Subscription Term. See the 'Notice of Non-Renewal' section for information on how to cancel your subscription. 4.4 Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate this Agreement for cause, as to any or all Subscription Services: (i) upon thirty (30) days’ notice to the other party of a material breach if such breach remains uncured at the expiration of such period, or (ii) immediately, if the other party becomes the subject of a petition in bankruptcy or any other proceeding relating to insolvency, cessation of business, liquidation or assignment for the benefit of creditors. We may also terminate this Agreement for cause on thirty (30) days’ notice if we determine that you are acting, or have acted, in a way that has or may negatively reflect on or affect us, our prospects, or our customers. This Agreement may not otherwise be terminated prior to the end of the Subscription Term. 4.5 Suspension 4.5.1 Suspension for Prohibited Acts We may suspend any User’s access to any or all Subscription Services without notice for: (i) use of the Subscription Service in a way that violates applicable local, state, federal, or foreign laws or regulations or the terms of this Agreement, (ii) use of the HubSpot email send service that results in excessive bounces, SPAM complaints via feedback loops, direct spam complaints (to our abuse desk), or requests for removal from a mailing list by recipients, or (iii) repeated instances of posting or uploading material that infringes or is alleged to infringe on the copyright or trademark rights of any person or entity. 4.5.2 Suspension for Non-Payment We will provide you with notice of non-payment of any amount due. Unless the full amount has been paid, we may suspend your access to any or all of the Subscription Services ten (10) days after such notice. We will not suspend the Subscription Service while you are disputing the applicable charges reasonably and in good faith and are cooperating diligently to resolve the dispute. If a Subscription Service is suspended for non-payment, we may charge a re-activation fee to reinstate the Subscription Service. 4.5.3 Suspension for Present Harm If your website, or use of, the Subscription Service: (i) is being subjected to denial of service attacks or other disruptive activity, (ii) is being used to engage in denial of service attacks or other disruptive activity, (iii) is creating a security vulnerability for the Subscription Service or others, (iv) is consuming excessive bandwidth or storage, or (v) is causing harm to us or others, then we may, with electronic or telephonic notice to you, suspend all or any access to the Subscription Service. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to limit the suspension to the affected portion of the Subscription Service, and each party will make reasonable efforts to promptly resolve the issues causing the suspension of the Subscription Service. Nothing in this clause limits our right to terminate for cause as outlined above, if we determine that you are acting, or have acted, in a way that has or may negatively reflect on or affect us, our prospects, or our customers. 4.5.4 Suspension and Termination of Free Services We may suspend, limit, or terminate the Free Services for any reason at any time without notice. We may terminate your subscription to the Free Services due to your inactivity. 4.6 Effect of Termination or Expiration. If your paid subscription is terminated or expires, we will continue to make available to you our Free Services provided however, this may not be the case if your Agreement was terminated for cause. You will continue to be subject to this Agreement for as long as you have access to a HubSpot account. 5. CUSTOMER DATA 5.1 Customer’s Proprietary Rights. You own and retain all rights to the Customer Materials and Customer Data. This Agreement does not grant us any ownership rights to Customer Materials or Customer Data. You grant permission to us and our licensors to use the Customer Materials and Customer Data only as necessary to provide the Subscription Service and Consulting Services to you and as otherwise permitted by this Agreement. If you are using the Subscription Service or receiving Consulting Services on behalf of another party, then you represent and warrant that you have all sufficient and necessary rights and permissions to do so. 5.2 Limits on HubSpot. We will not use Customer Data to contact any individual or company except as you direct or otherwise permit. We will use Customer Data only in order to provide the Subscription Service and Consulting Services to you and only as permitted by applicable law and this Agreement. 5.3 Data Practices and Machine Learning. 5.3.1 Usage Data. We may collect information about you and your Users when you interact with the Subscription Service as permitted by the Agreement. 5.3.2 Machine Learning. 5.3.3 Privacy Policy. 6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 6.2 We encourage all customers to comment on the Subscription Service or Consulting Services, provide suggestions for improving it, and vote on suggestions they like. You agree that all such comments and suggestions will be non-confidential and that we own all rights to use and incorporate them into the Subscription Service or Consulting Services, without payment or attribution to you. 7. CONFIDENTIALITY 7.1 The Receiving Party will: (i) protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party using the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own confidential information of like kind, but in no event less than reasonable care, (ii) not use any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement, (iii) not disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to any third party (except those third party service providers used by us to provide some or all elements of the Subscription Service or Consulting Services and except for your HubSpot Solutions Partner bound by confidentiality obligations), and (iv) limit access to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to those of its and its affiliates' employees, contractors and agents who need such access for purposes consistent with this Agreement and who have signed confidentiality agreements with the Receiving Party containing protections no less stringent than those herein. 7.2 The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party if required to do so under any federal, state, or local law, statute, rule or regulation, subpoena or legal process; provided, however, that (i) the Receiving Party will provide the Disclosing Party with prompt notice of any request that it disclose Confidential Information, sufficient to allow the Disclosing Party to object to the request and/or seek an appropriate protective order or, if such notice is prohibited by law, the Receiving Party will disclose the minimum amount of Confidential Information required to be disclosed under the applicable legal mandate; (ii) the Receiving Party will refer the request to the Disclosing Party and will provide reasonable assistance to the Disclosing Party, at the Disclosing Party’s cost, in opposing such disclosure or seeking a protective order, unless the Receiving Party is explicitly prohibited from doing so by law or court order; and (iii) in no event will the Receiving Party disclose Confidential Information to a party other than a government agency except under a valid order from a court having jurisdiction requiring the specific disclosure, including in circumstances where the Disclosing Party refuses to provide their consent or fails to respond to the Receiving Party’s inquiries in connection with the request to disclose the Confidential Information.. . 8. PUBLICITY 9. INDEMNIFICATION You will indemnify, defend and hold us and our Affiliates harmless, at your expense, against any third-party claim, suit, action, or proceeding (each, an "Action") brought against us (and our officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers, licensors, and Affiliates) by a third party not affiliated with us or our Affiliates to the extent that such Action is based upon or arises out of (a) unauthorized or illegal use of the Subscription Service by you or your Affiliates, (b) your or your Affiliates' noncompliance with or breach of this Agreement, (c) your or your Affiliates' use of Third-Party Products, or (d) the unauthorized use of the Subscription Service by any other person using your User information. We will: notify you in writing within thirty (30) days of our becoming aware of any such claim; give you sole control of the defense or settlement of such a claim; and provide you (at your expense) with any and all information and assistance reasonably requested by you to handle the defense or settlement of the claim. You will not accept any settlement that (i) imposes an obligation on us; (ii) requires us to make an admission; or (iii) imposes liability not covered by these indemnifications or places restrictions on us without our prior written consent. 10. DISCLAIMERS; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 10.1 Performance Warranty. We warrant that: (i) the Subscription Service and Consulting Services will be provided in a manner consistent with generally accepted industry standards, and (ii) we will not knowingly introduce any viruses or other forms of malicious code into the Subscription Service; provided however, this warranty will not apply to you if you only use the Free Services. In the event of non-conformance with this warranty, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct such non-conformance. If we cannot correct such non-conformance within sixty (60) days from the date when you notified us of the non-conformity (the “Remedy Period”), then either party may terminate this Agreement by providing the other party written notice within thirty (30) days after the end of the Remedy Period. If you terminate the Agreement for this reason, we will promptly refund any prepaid but unused fees covering use of the Subscription Service after termination in accordance with the ‘Effect of Termination or Expiration’ provision of this Agreement. We will not have any obligation or liability under this section if the non-conformance is caused by or based on: (i) any combination of the Subscription Service with any hardware, software, equipment, or data not provided by us, (ii) modification of the Subscription Service by anyone other than us, or modification of the Subscription Service by us in accordance with specifications or instructions that you provided, or (iii) use of the Subscription Service in violation of or outside the scope of this Agreement. THIS SECTION STATES OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM PROVIDED FOR UNDER THIS SECTION. 10.2 Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE ‘PERFORMANCE WARRANTY’ SECTION AND WITHOUT LIMITING OUR OBLIGATIONS IN THE 'PROTECTION OF CUSTOMER DATA' SECTION OF THIS AGREEMENT, WE AND OUR AFFILIATES AND AGENTS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, SECURITY, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, DATA SYNCHED TO OR MADE AVAILABLE FROM THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, HUBSPOT CONTENT, OR THE CONSULTING SERVICES FOR ANY PURPOSE. APPLICATION PROGRAMMING INTERFACES (APIs) MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, HUBSPOT CONTENT AND CONSULTING SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, WITH REGARD TO THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE AND THE CONSULTING SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 10.3 No Indirect Damages. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER AN ACTION IS IN CONTRACT OR TORT AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY; PROVIDED THAT, THIS LIMITATION WILL NOT APPLY TO YOU IF YOU ONLY USE THE FREE SERVICES. 10.4 Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR YOUR LIABILITY FOR PAYMENT OF FEES, YOUR LIABILITY ARISING FROM YOUR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE ‘INDEMNIFICATION’ SECTION, AND YOUR LIABILITY FOR VIOLATION OF OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, IF, NOTWITHSTANDING THE OTHER TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES IS DETERMINED TO HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY THIRD PARTY, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF A PARTY AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL BE LIMITED TO A SUM EQUAL TO THE TOTAL AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE FOR THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE IN THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO A CLAIM; PROVIDED HOWEVER, THIS LIMITATION WILL NOT APPLY TO YOU IF YOU ONLY USE THE FREE SERVICES, AND IN THIS CASE, IF WE ARE DETERMINED TO HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE FREE SERVICES, THEN OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS. 10.5 Third Party Products. WE AND OUR AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO THIRD-PARTY PRODUCTS THAT YOU USE. OUR LICENSORS WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY OF ANY KIND UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 10.6 Agreement to Liability Limit. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ABSENT YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, WE WOULD NOT PROVIDE THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE TO YOU. 11. MISCELLANEOUS 11.1 Amendment; No Waiver. http://legal.hubspot.com No delay in exercising any right or remedy or failure to object will be a waiver of such right or remedy or any other right or remedy. A waiver on one occasion will not be a waiver of any right or remedy on any future occasion. 11.2 Force Majeure. Except for payment obligations of amounts due under this Agreement, neither party will be responsible for failure or delay of performance if caused by: an act of war, hostility, or sabotage; act of God; electrical, internet, or telecommunication outage that is not caused by the obligated party; government restrictions; pandemic; or other event outside the reasonable control of the obligated party. Each party will use reasonable efforts to mitigate the effect of a force majeure event. 11.3 Actions Permitted. Except for actions for nonpayment or breach of a party’s proprietary rights, no action, regardless of form, arising out of or relating to this Agreement may be brought by either party more than one (1) year after the cause of action has accrued. 11.4 Relationship of the Parties. You and we agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between us. 11.5 Compliance with Laws. We will comply with all U.S. state and federal laws (where applicable) in our provision of the Subscription Service, the Consulting Services and our processing of Customer Data. We reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. You must comply with all applicable laws related to the recording of phone calls and ensure all proper consent to record is obtained prior to making any such recording. You will comply with the sanctions programs administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury in your use and receipt of the Subscription Service and Consulting Services. You will not directly or indirectly export, re-export, or transfer the Subscription Service or Consulting Services to prohibited countries or individuals or permit use of the Subscription Service or Consulting Services by prohibited countries or individuals. 11.6 Severability. If any part of this Agreement or an Order Form is determined to be invalid or unenforceable by applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in effect. To you: your address as provided in our HubSpot Subscription account information for you. We may give electronic notices by general notice via the Subscription Service and may give electronic notices specific to you by email to your e-mail address(es) on record in our account information for you or through the notifications center of the Subscription Service. We may give notice to you by telephone calls to the telephone numbers on record in our account information for you. You must keep all of your account information current. 11.9 Assignment. You will not assign or transfer this Agreement without our prior written consent, except that you may assign this Agreement to a successor by reason of merger, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of your assets, change of control or operation of law, provided such successor is not a competitor of ours. We may assign this Agreement to any HubSpot Affiliate or in the event of merger, reorganization, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, change of control or operation of law. 11.10 No Third Party Beneficiaries. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or will confer upon any third party person or entity any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. 11.11 Contract for Services. This Agreement is a contract for the provision of services and not a contract for the sale of goods. The provisions of the Uniform Commercial Code (UCC), the Uniform Computer Information Transaction Act (UCITA), or any substantially similar legislation as may be enacted, will not apply to this Agreement. If you are located outside of the territory of the United States, the parties agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not govern this Agreement or the rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement. 11.12 Authority. Each party represents and warrants to the other that it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and that it is binding upon such party and enforceable in accordance with its terms. You further warrant and represent that you have the authority to procure your Affiliates compliance with the terms of this Agreement. 11.13 Insurance. During the term of this Agreement, we will, at our own cost and expense, obtain and maintain in full force and effect, with reputable insurers having A.M. best ratings of at least A (VII) or better, liability insurance with coverage and minimum limits of liability as follows: (i) Commercial General Liability Insurance (Primary & Umbrella) or equivalent, with minimum limits of $1,000,000 Each Occurrence and $2,000,000 Aggregate; (ii) Workers' Compensation & Employers Liability Insurance (as required by the state), with minimum limits of $500,000 Each Accident, $500,000 Disease-Policy Limit and $500,000 Disease-Each Employee; (iii) Professional Liability (cyber/errors and omissions liability insurance), with a limit of $5,000,000; and (iv) Umbrella/Excess Liability Insurance, with a minimum limit of $2,000,000. 11.16 Precedence. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Agreement and an Order, the terms of the Order will control, but only as to that Order. APPENDIX 1 ADDITIONAL COVERAGE TERMS 1. HubSpot Indemnification We will indemnify, defend and hold you harmless, at our expense, against any Action brought against you (and your officers, directors, employees, agents, service providers, licensors, and Affiliates) by a third party not affiliated with you to the extent that such Action is based upon or arises out of (1) an allegation that the Subscription Service infringes a valid patent in a member state of the Patent Cooperation Treaty, registered trademark, or registered copyright (“IP Indemnification”), or (2) our breach of our confidentiality obligations or our use of Customer Data in violation of this Agreement (“Confidentiality and Data Misuse Indemnification”). You will: notify us in writing within thirty (30) days of you becoming aware of any such claim; give us sole control of the defense or settlement of such a claim; and provide us (at our expense) with any and all information and assistance reasonably requested by us to handle the defense or settlement of the claim. We will not accept any settlement that (i) imposes an obligation on you; (ii) requires you to make an admission; or (iii) imposes liability not covered by these indemnifications or places restrictions on you without your prior written consent. We will not have any obligation or liability under this section if the alleged claim is caused by or based on: (i) any combination of the Subscription Service with any hardware, software, equipment, or data not provided by us, (ii) modification of the Subscription Service by anyone other than us, or modification of the Subscription Service by us in accordance with specifications or instructions that you provided, (iii) use of the Subscription Service in violation of or outside the scope of this Agreement, (iv) an allegation that the Subscription Service consists of a function, system or method traditionally utilized in marketing, sales or services software that is not commercially unique to the Subscription Service, and the commercially unique aspects of the Subscription Service are not identified in the allegation giving rise to the claim, or (v) user interface or related user design elements not provided by us. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of such a claim, or if we believe that such a claim is likely, we may, at our sole option and expense: (a) modify the Subscription Service or provide you with substitute Subscription Service that is non-infringing; or (b) obtain a license or permission for you to continue to use the Subscription Service, at no additional cost to you; or (c) if neither (a) nor (b) is, in our judgment, commercially practicable, terminate your access to the Subscription Service (or to a portion of the Subscription Service as necessary to resolve the claimed infringement) and refund any prepaid but unused fees covering use of the Subscription Service after termination in accordance with the ‘Effect of Termination or Expiration’ provision of this Agreement. THIS SECTION STATES OUR ENTIRE LIABILITY AND YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM PROVIDED FOR UNDER THIS SECTION. 2. Limitation of Liability "EXCEPT FOR YOUR LIABILITY FOR PAYMENT OF FEES, YOUR LIABILITY ARISING FROM YOUR OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE ‘INDEMNIFICATION’ SECTION, OUR LIABILITY ARISING FROM OUR IP INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER THE ‘HUBSPOT INDEMNIFICATION’ SECTION AND YOUR LIABILITY FOR VIOLATION OF OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, IF, NOTWITHSTANDING THE OTHER TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, EITHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES IS DETERMINED TO HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY, ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY THIRD PARTY, THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF A PARTY AND ITS AFFILIATES WILL BE LIMITED TO A SUM EQUAL TO THE TOTAL AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE FOR THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE IN THE TWELVE MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO A CLAIM". APPENDIX 2 U.S. GOVERNMENT CUSTOMER ADDITIONAL TERMS These terms apply to the extent required by applicable law. Government Customer may only use the Subscription Service and Consulting Services for a governmental-related purpose. These terms will not apply in the event the Subscription Service and/or Consulting Services are used for any private, personal, or non-governmental-related purpose. 2. Indemnification 3. Limitation of Liability 4. Contracting Entity and Applicable Law You are contracting with HubSpot, Inc. and this Agreement is governed by the laws applicable to you as a Government Customer, or if no such laws are specified, then the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, U.S.A., without reference to conflicts of law principles. Government Customer agrees that we have standing and privity of contract to bring a claim directly against Government Customer in a court or body of competent jurisdiction. Facebook Instagram Youtube Twitter Linkedin Medium Tiktok Copyright © 2023 HubSpot, Inc.