Please Rotate Your Device 90 For the best experience, turn your mobile device portrait mode. Please Rotate Your Device 90 For the best experience, turn your mobile device portrait mode. Follow us on LinkedIn Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook instagram Search  English Deutsch Español (Americas) Français English English This Privacy Policy explains how NBCUniversal and its affiliates (“ NBCUniversal Affiliates”) (collectively “ we” or “ us”) collect, use, and share information from or about you when you use our websites, downloadable applications, interactive TV applications, voice-activated skills, other digital services, connected devices such as theme-park devices, and off-line services that link to this policy, or if you engage in business with us (“ NBCUniversal Services or Services”). This Privacy Policy applies to the NBCUniversal Services throughout the world. Any additional privacy terms that relate to specific NBCUniversal products or services should be read in conjunction with this Policy. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE HANDLE YOUR INFORMATION. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT WE WILL COLLECT, USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AS SET FORTH BELOW. Expand All The tables below explain the categories of information we collect and the purposes for which we use them. Each NBCUniversal Service’s collection and use may vary. Please note that we may use any or all of this information to comply with the law, detect or prevent fraud, for safety and security purposes, and to defend our legal rights. Further detail about each of the purposes is set out in the “Additional Information on Purposes” table below. Information you provide to us: Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use (“Processing Purposes” described in more detail below) Contact and account registration information For example: name, email, postal address, telephone number, account user name and password, business contact information, and any information you may provide to us at an event or in person. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices Safety and security Build and manage business-to-business relationships Market and advertise for third parties Identification information, and demographics, and interests For example: as permitted by law, date of birth, race*, ethnicity*, gender, interests, lifestyle information, school and sports information, photos, social media credentials, including identification information about friends, contacts or referrals you provide. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices Safety and security Market and advertise for third parties Transactional For example: credit/debit card details, purchase history, delivery address, membership information, reservations and other travel related information, meal preferences, and the personal details of any of your guests Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices Safety and security Market and advertise for third parties User-generated content For example: photos, videos, audio, and other information you may submit to us, such as comments on our forums. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising Safety and security Market and advertise for third parties Research and feedback For example: comments that you send us through online forms and social media platforms, by email, over the phone, by mail, or in surveys. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Biometric identifiers* For example: as permitted by law, facial scans or fingerprints we collect at some of our theme parks, studios, our offices. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Safety and security Health Data* For example: as permitted by law, vaccine or symptom related information Provide the NBCUniversal Services Safety and security Audio and video For example: audio recordings of customer service calls or security video footage if you visit one of our properties. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Safety and security Information you provide to us: Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use (“Processing Purposes” described in more detail below) Contact and account registration information For example: name, email, postal address, telephone number, account user name and password, business contact information, and any information you may provide to us at an event or in person. Identification information, and demographics, and interests For example: as permitted by law, date of birth, race*, ethnicity*, gender, interests, lifestyle information, school and sports information, photos, social media credentials, including identification information about friends, contacts or referrals you provide. Transactional For example: credit/debit card details, purchase history, delivery address, membership information, reservations and other travel related information, meal preferences, and the personal details of any of your guests User-generated content For example: photos, videos, audio, and other information you may submit to us, such as comments on our forums. Research and feedback For example: comments that you send us through online forms and social media platforms, by email, over the phone, by mail, or in surveys. Biometric identifiers* For example: as permitted by law, facial scans or fingerprints we collect at some of our theme parks, studios, our offices. Health Data* For example: as permitted by law, vaccine or symptom related information Audio and video For example: audio recordings of customer service calls or security video footage if you visit one of our properties. Information we collect automatically from you and/or your device: Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use (“Processing Purposes” described in more detail below) Device information and identifiers For example: IP address, cookie IDs, browser type and language, operating system, platform type, device type, and advertising and app identifiers. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices Safety and security Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising Market and advertise for third parties Build and manage business-to-business relationships Connection and Usage (including information collected through cookies) For example: domain names, browsing activity, scrolling and keystroke activity, advertisements viewed, forms or fields you complete or partially complete, search terms, whether you open an email, content you view and duration, quality of the service and interaction with the content, logs, and other similar information. If these events occur while you are offline, they may be logged and uploaded to us when you next connect. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices Safety and security Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising Market and advertise for third parties Build and manage business-to-business relationships Geolocation* For example: city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation. We will ask for your permission before using your precise location from GPS-based functionality on your mobile devices. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices Safety and security Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising Market and advertise for third parties Build and manage business-to-business relationships Information we collect automatically from you and/or your device: Device information and identifiers For example: IP address, cookie IDs, browser type and language, operating system, platform type, device type, and advertising and app identifiers. Connection and Usage (including information collected through cookies) For example: domain names, browsing activity, scrolling and keystroke activity, advertisements viewed, forms or fields you complete or partially complete, search terms, whether you open an email, content you view and duration, quality of the service and interaction with the content, logs, and other similar information. If these events occur while you are offline, they may be logged and uploaded to us when you next connect. Geolocation* For example: city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation. We will ask for your permission before using your precise location from GPS-based functionality on your mobile devices. Information we collect from third parties: Categories of personal information we collect Purposes of use (“Processing Purposes” described in more detail below) Sources of Information Information from public and commercial sources For example: demographic including at a household level, contact information, inferences about your preferences, viewing and other consumption choices, loyalty program membership, and purchasing data. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience and make recommendations Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising Build and manage business-to-business relationships Market and advertise for third parties Safety and security Advertising providers Analytics providers Marketers Partners (such as for sweepstakes partners) Consumer data resellers Public records databases Related Companies Content partners Social Media Information For example: if you interact with us through a social media service or log in using social media credentials, depending on your social media settings, we may have access to your information from that social network such as your name, email address, friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, your comments about our Services, and the people/sites you follow. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices Safety and security Market and advertise for third parties Social media networks Partners of social media networks Third Party Partners in Connection with providing the NBCUniversal Services For example: contact information such as authentication information, account legitimacy, search requests, log events and device identifiers such as IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers. Provide the NBCUniversal Services Personalize your experience Provide seamless experience across platforms and devices Safety and security Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising Market and advertise for third parties Payment Service Providers TV or Internet Service Providers Media Companies, Streaming Media Device Providers or Retailers Mobile Phone Carriers Information we collect from third parties: Sources of Information Information from public and commercial sources For example: demographic including at a household level, contact information, inferences about your preferences, viewing and other consumption choices, loyalty program membership, and purchasing data. Social Media Information For example: if you interact with us through a social media service or log in using social media credentials, depending on your social media settings, we may have access to your information from that social network such as your name, email address, friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, your comments about our Services, and the people/sites you follow. Third Party Partners in Connection with providing the NBCUniversal Services For example: contact information such as authentication information, account legitimacy, search requests, log events and device identifiers such as IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers. *Please note: this information is considered “sensitive” under certain laws, and we process this information in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Additional information that we collect for business-to-business relationships only Source of Information Business contact information For example: company name, your name, email address, and job. Transactional information For example: bank details of suppliers, credit/debit card details, purchase history, delivery address. Demographics For example (as permitted by law): ethnicity (minority owned businesses), gender (women-owned businesses) Due diligence information For example: contact information, nationality (as permitted by law), job title, age, date of birth, gender, country of residence, employment and education information, public, religious, political or trade union role (each as permitted by laws), personal and professional affiliations, connections to criminal activities or offences related to money laundering. Events Information For example: travel information including passport and visa, meal preferences and restrictions, payment details, and guest’s details. Social Media and Lifestyle Information For example: if you interact with us on social media or other platforms as an influencer or an athlete, we may have access to your name, photos, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, interests, lifestyle information, list of followers, engagement with your posts, school and sports information. Additional information on purposes of use Provide the NBCUniversal Services, for example: Personalize your experience, for example: Send you NBCUniversal marketing and advertising: Provide a seamless experience across platforms and devices, for example: Build and manage business-to-business relationships, for example: Market and advertise for third parties, for example: Compliance and risk management activities for business-to-business relationships, for example: Safety and security purposes, for example: We may combine all the information we collect from or receive about you for the outlined purposes. We may aggregate or deidentify your information and may use, share, rent or sell aggregated or deidentified information for any purpose, and such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your information to: Other Sharing We may provide connection and usage information about you along with a hashed or masked identifier (contact information), with third parties such as partners and social networks to inform the offers we send you and for advertising measurement or analytics. With your appropriate consent when required, and consistent with applicable law, we may disclose your video viewing behavior with third parties including service providers, advertising companies, analytic partners, and social media sites. Sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets In the event that NBCUniversal or any NBCUniversal Affiliate is involved in a merger, acquisition, transfer of control, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of assets, we may sell or transfer the information described in this Privacy Policy as part of that transaction or diligence associated with or in contemplation of such matters. The laws of some jurisdictions, such as the European Union the UK, or Brazil, require companies to tell you about the legal basis for using, sharing, or disclosing your information. To the extent those laws apply, we may rely on the following legal bases: [email protected] Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights with respect to your information. You have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights under some local laws such as in California. For example, under local laws, including in the European Union, you may be able to ask us to: We will respond within the time period prescribed by applicable law. Please note that many of the above rights are subject to exceptions and limitations. Some NBCUniversal Services can only be provided if we have your information, therefore deletion of your information will result in termination of such Services. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, including authenticating you through the email address. We may require further documentation such as a password and user ID before granting access to your information. Your rights and our responses will vary based on your state or country of residency. Please note that you may be located in a jurisdiction where we are not obligated, or are unable, to fulfill a request. In such a case, your request may not be fulfilled. If you have any unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to your data protection authority. Where NBCUniversal acts as a service provider for third-party organizations, such as sports leagues and clubs, please contact your organizations directly to exercise any applicable individual’s rights. “Privacy Choices”: Do Not Sell or Share or Process My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Residents only) If you or (in certain states where required by law) your authorized agent would like to opt out of NBCUniversal’s use or disclosure of your information for such purposes (to the extent this is considered a sale, share, or targeted advertising), you may do so in the footer or settings menu of the brand with which you engage by selecting “Your Privacy Choices” link. You may still receive advertising, including personalized ads based on NBCUniversal data on the Services. On some of our websites and applications when you click the “Your Privacy Choices” link in the website footer or in the application settings menu, you will be shown a tool that allows you to opt out of the online “sales” and sharing/processing of personal information for targeted ads on the website and application. Please note, if you use different browsers, devices, or services you will need to make your elections separately. In some cases, you may also be presented with form field to complete, in those cases we ask for your email address or other information so we may add it to an appropriate suppression list. In other cases, you will be directed to this page where we provide additional information and options for you to learn more about your choices and how to opt out from interest-based advertising more broadly. Please note, if we do not detect that you are in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia, the opt out of sale or sharing/processing for targeted advertising data choices will not apply even if you take the actions described above. Please note that if you have a legally recognized browser-based opt out preference signal turned on via your device browser (such as Global Privacy Control), we recognize such preference in accordance and to the extent required by applicable law. Sensitive Data We may use certain sensitive personal information as allowable by law for purposes including analytics and to enable marketing to you and the delivery of targeted advertising on the NBCUniversal Services or other sites, such displaying an ad relevant to your precise location data. Incentive Programs (California Residents Only) The Services may offer opportunities to receive certain services or benefits such as discounts or free or extended services (such as bonus streaming time or additional videos), which may require the provision of personal information. Such opportunities could be considered a financial incentive under applicable law (each, an “Incentive Program”). When you participate in an Incentive Program, you agree to the terms of that Incentive Program, and may revoke your participation depending on the Incentive Program (e.g., by opting out of emails or terminating a streaming service). To the extent we can determine the value of your information, we consider the value of providing you with a more personalized experience as well as the expenses we incur in providing Incentive Programs that are reasonably related to the costs associated with offering the Incentives. Third Parties List – Shine the Light (California Residents only) California residents can also request a list of all the third parties to which we have disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California’s Shine the Light law) during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California residents may contact us at 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US, NBCUniversal Legal Department Attn: Chief Privacy Officer. In the body of your request, you must include: “California Shine the Light Request”, your name, a current California address including, street address, city, state, and zip code, as well as sufficient information for us to determine if the law applies to you. You will need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident. We will not accept requests by telephone, email, or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information. Nevada Residents NBCUniversal does not engage in the following activity, however Nevada law requires us to post the following: certain Nevada consumers may opt out of the sale of “covered information” for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information. “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, phone number, Social Security Number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. Notice to Customers of Universal Studios Japan For customers of Universal Studios Japan, NBCUniversal and Universal Studios Japan may use your personal information jointly as follows: Cookies and Similar Technologies Mobile App and Connected Devices You can stop all collection of information by a mobile app by uninstalling the app. Opt-out of Video Measurement Research by Nielsen NBCUniversal video services may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software that will allow you to contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV Ratings. Third-Party Online Services NBCUniversal Services may be provided through and/or utilize features (such as voice controls) of third party platforms or contain links to third party services. These other platforms (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, and set top boxes) and sites (even if co-branded as NBCUniversal) may collect information about you and use this information in accordance with their own privacy policies and terms of service. We do not control those third parties’ policies or practices. Where NBCUniversal collects personal information on a co-branded website or service, we will provide a link to our privacy policy as appropriate. In some circumstances, NBCUniversal may host some websites on behalf of others and those entities may place or permit the placement of cookies and other tracking technology. NBCUniversal is not responsible for these tracking practices. We maintain organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to help protect the information we collect and use. These safeguards vary depending upon a variety of factors including the sensitivity of the information we collect and use. Despite all reasonable practices, no security method is infallible. We will keep your information only for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes described above, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. In determining how long to retain information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. The purposes for which we process information (as well as the other factors listed above) may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information. For example, we retain your email address as an authentication credential (where applicable) as long as you have an account with us and an additional period of time after that for our legitimate interests and for our fraud and legal compliance purposes. If you opt out of email marketing, we maintain your email on our suppression list for an extended time to comply with your request. We may delete or de-identify your information sooner if we receive a verifiable deletion request, subject to exemptions under applicable law. The retention period that applies to your information may vary depending on the NBCUniversal Services you use and how you interact with them. Some NBCUniversal Services may provide additional details on their data retention practices, so we encourage you to consult their website and/or FAQs. In addition, in the event you have an account that holds credits, point balances or other entitlements, we may continue to hold the account to allow you to obtain the benefit in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions. NBCUniversal is a global company and has its headquarters in the United States. We may transfer your information to Related Companies, service providers, and other third parties located outside of your country of residence, including in the United States. This is necessary to provide our Services and for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Data privacy laws vary from country to country and may not be equivalent to, or as protective as, the laws in your home country. We take steps to ensure that reasonable safeguards are in place with aim to ensure an appropriate level of protection for your information, in accordance with applicable law. These measures include data transfer agreements. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer, storage or use. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes to our practices or the law. We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through the NBCUniversal Services. Please check the NBCUniversal Services periodically for updates. The date at the top of the Privacy Policy tells you when it was last updated. If we make material changes to the way we collect or use your information, you will be provided with appropriate notice, including by, but not limited to, posting the updated Privacy Policy on this website, and providing notice in accordance with legal requirements. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted. By continuing to use the NBCUniversal Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge you have read and understand the updated Privacy Policy, and you understand that we will collect, use, and share information as stated therein. The UK Representative of our US-based NBCUniversal Affiliates is NBCUniversal International Limited, 1 Central St Giles, St Giles High Street, London WC2H 8NU, United Kingdom. The EU Representative of our US-based NBCUniversal Affiliates is Universal Studios International B.V., Moermanskkade 421, 1013 BC Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Germany: If you are using NBCUniversal Services provided by Universal Pictures Germany GmbH or Universal Pictures International Germany GmbH, you can contact our German Data Protection Officer. New © 2023 NBCUNIVERSAL MEDIA, LLC.