This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. There is a date of the last update of the terms. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. You waive your moral rights. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media. This service can license user content to third parties. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself. This service is only available to users of a certain age. The court of law governing the terms is in location X. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Spidering or crawling is not allowed. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder