Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes. You can opt out of promotional communications. Third parties are involved in operating the service. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location. Information is provided about how your personal data is used. Details are provided about what kind of information they collect. You are not allowed to use pseudonyms, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service.. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting. Extra data may be collected about you through promotions. Third-party cookies are used for statistics. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting and device fingerprinting. This service tracks you on other websites. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation. Your personal data is used to employ targeted third-party advertising. Do Not Track (DNT) headers are ignored and you are tracked anyway even if you set this header..  You are being tracked via social media cookies/pixels. The service claims to be CCPA compliant for California users. Your personal data is pseudonymized into statistics. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify. Information is gathered about you through third parties. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data. Third-party cookies are used for advertising. Your Personal data may be sold unless you live in California and you opt out. App required for this service requires broad device permissions