This service can license user content to third parties. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts.. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. There is a date of the last update of the agreements.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. This service is only available to users over a certain age. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages.. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. Prohibits the publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. This service informs users that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. You waive your moral rights. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites. The court of law governing the terms is in Florida, USA. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. You waive your right to a class action.. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future . The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service.. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder