 Home Product Range Contact Us Privacy & Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Recipe Inspo Nightinin Burger King Xbox Promotion Doritos Silent Follow us Burger King Summary Terms and Conditions:UK ONLY, excludes Republic of Ireland, 18+ only. Valid from 00:01 20/02/23. Claim and redeem by 23:59 30/10/23. 1. Purchase a promotional pack 2. Scan QR code or visit burgerking.co.uk/doritos 3.Login to your Burger King® account or register for a free account using your name and email 4.Enter your code (found in the Best Before box on this pack) to add the offer to your account 5.When purchasing a qualifying Burger King® meal, redeem offer in restaurant or via mobile order to claim your free Whopper® meal. Retain receipt. Gift: 1 x Burger King® Regular Whopper® Meal OR 1 x Plant-Based Regular Whopper® Meal. Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying Burger King® meal purchase is made. When redeeming in store the Gift will only be available for redemption for 15 minutes from time of activation. Not valid in conjunction with any other offer. One Gift per transaction. Gift valid only in the UK. Subject to availability. Gift valid at participating restaurants only. Not valid at Burger King® motorway service locations, airports, train stations and holiday parks. Not valid in combination with King Jr, Melts and selected burger or cheeseburger meals. BURGER KING® HAMBURGER DESIGN and WHOPPER® are trade marks of Burger King® Company LLC. Used under license. ©Burger King® Company, LLC 2023. Internet access, email address & Burger King® app required. Max 1 claim per person per day. Visit www.burgerking.co.uk/doritos for full T&Cs &gift details. Co-Promoters: Walkers Snacks UK Ltd 450 South Oak Way, Green Park, Reading, Berkshire, RG2 6UW & BKUK Group Limited. 5 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3TW. Full Terms and Conditions:This Promotion is open to residents of the United Kingdom only aged 18 or over, excluding employees of the Promoter, its agents and anyone professionally associated with this Promotion. Residents of the Republic of Ireland cannot enter this Promotion.Purchase is necessary to enter the Promotion and to claim Gift. Please retain an itemised receipt (of Promotional Product purchased) that states the time and date of purchase prior to entry, but within the Promotion Period, as this may be required for validation and in order for the winner to receive their Gift . Internet access and a valid email address are required. Promotion Period: Purchase a Promotional Product between 00:01 GMT on the 20 February 2023 and 23:59 GMT on the 30 October 2023 inclusive.Claim Period: All claims for the redemption of the Gift must be made by 23:59 GMT on the 30 October 2023. For the avoidance of doubt this includes claiming the Gift and redeeming the voucher at store or online. To Claim: Purchase a Promotional Product. Scan QR code or visit burgerking.co.uk/doritos. Login to your Burger King® account or register a free account using your name and email. Enter your code (found in the Best Before box on the promotional pack) which will add and save the offer to your account for future use before end of redemption period. When purchasing a qualifying Burger King® meal, redeem offer in restaurant or via mobile order to claim your free Whopper® meal. The Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying purchase is made. Please note that while we want to encourage you to participate and enjoy the benefits of the Promotion we believe in responsible consumption of our products. DO NOT purchase more product than you can reasonably use or consume just to participate in this Promotion.Promotional Products: Doritos Flame Grilled Whopper® 180g & 70gDoritos Tangy Cheese180g & 70gDoritos Chilli Heatwave 180g & 70gDoritos Cool Original 180g & 70gDoritos Dippers Hint of Salt 230gDoritos Dippers Hint of Sour Cream & Onion 230gDoritos Dippers Hint of Paprika 230gDoritos Loaded Pepperoni Pizza 180gDoritos Triple Cheese Pizza 180gMaximum of 1 claim is permitted per person per day during the Promotion Period. The Gift: Each valid claimant will receive 1 x Burger King® Whopper® Meal OR 1 x Plant-Based Whopper® Meal. Further Gift Details and Conditions: The Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying purchase is made.When redeeming in store the Gift will only be available for redemption for 15 minutes from time of activation.Not valid in conjunction with any other offer.One Gift per transaction.Gift valid only in the UK. Subject to availability. Gift valid at participating restaurants only. Not valid at Burger King® motorway service locations, airports, train stations and holiday parks.Valid only in combination with Whopper®, Double Whopper®, Triple Whopper®, Bacon Double XL, Bacon Double cheeseburger, Chicken Royale, Bacon & Cheese Chicken Royale, Steakhouse Crispy Chicken, Chicken fries meal, Steakhouse Angus, Farmhouse Angus and Premium Limited time offer meals. Not valid in combination with King Jr, Melts and selected burger or cheeseburger meals.i. The Gift must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Gift as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the Gift.Any pictures depicting the Gifts on any media including press advertisements, posters or TV commercials are indicative only and the actual Gifts may vary from the depictions. The Promotion does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of the products or services being offered as Gifts. Claimants will not receive any refund if the Gift is not used The Promoters seek to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you claim in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Gift awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoters reserves the right to bar you from claiming future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoters reserves the right at any point to:Verify the eligibility of claimants and/or provisional claimants by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Gift may be withheld until verification is completed.Disqualify claims that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion. Disqualify claims made using anonymous email services such as, but not limited to, GuerillaMail, Dispostable or Mailinator.Disqualify bulk claims from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete claims and claims submitted by macros or other automated means.Disqualify claims beyond the maximum allowed, or those using techniques such as ‘script’, ‘brute force’, multiple SIM cards for text claims, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.Disqualify claims which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions. h. Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoters which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.The Gift is not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for monetary value or for any other form of compensation. If for any reason the Gift is not available, the Promoters reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Gift for another of equal or greater value.No responsibility can be taken for claims which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt. The Promoters and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion or accepting or using the/a Gift(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law. Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.The Promoters will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.Any and all personal data provided by you in connection with this Promotion will be used solely by the BKUK Group Limited (or its appointed agents) to: (i) assist with running the Promotion; and/or (ii) conduct analytics to improve the BKUK Group Limited ’s promotions, products or services. BKUK Group Limited (or its appointed agents) will not contact you for reasons other than this Promotion unless you have provided your express consent. All personal data will be handled in accordance with the Burger King®’s privacy policy, available at: www.burgerking.co.uk/privacy-policy If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.By claiming, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail. These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.Co-Promoters: Walkers Snacks Ltd, 450 South Oak Way, Green Park, Reading, Berkshire, RG2 6UW & BKUK Group Limited, 5 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3TW Home Product Range Contact Us Privacy & Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Recipe Inspo Nightinin Burger King Xbox Promotion Doritos Silent Doritos© 2023 All Rights Reserved Home Product Range Contact Us Privacy & Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Recipe Inspo Nightinin Burger King Xbox Promotion Doritos Silent Home Product Range Contact Us Privacy & Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Recipe Inspo Nightinin Burger King Xbox Promotion Doritos Silent Summary Terms and Conditions:UK ONLY, excludes Republic of Ireland, 18+ only. Valid from 00:01 20/02/23. Claim and redeem by 23:59 30/10/23. 1. Purchase a promotional pack 2. Scan QR code or visit burgerking.co.uk/doritos 3.Login to your Burger King® account or register for a free account using your name and email 4.Enter your code (found in the Best Before box on this pack) to add the offer to your account 5.When purchasing a qualifying Burger King® meal, redeem offer in restaurant or via mobile order to claim your free Whopper® meal. Retain receipt. Gift: 1 x Burger King® Regular Whopper® Meal OR 1 x Plant-Based Regular Whopper® Meal. Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying Burger King® meal purchase is made. When redeeming in store the Gift will only be available for redemption for 15 minutes from time of activation. Not valid in conjunction with any other offer. One Gift per transaction. Gift valid only in the UK. Subject to availability. Gift valid at participating restaurants only. Not valid at Burger King® motorway service locations, airports, train stations and holiday parks. Not valid in combination with King Jr, Melts and selected burger or cheeseburger meals. BURGER KING® HAMBURGER DESIGN and WHOPPER® are trade marks of Burger King® Company LLC. Used under license. ©Burger King® Company, LLC 2023. Internet access, email address & Burger King® app required. Max 1 claim per person per day. Visit www.burgerking.co.uk/doritos for full T&Cs &gift details. Co-Promoters: Walkers Snacks UK Ltd 450 South Oak Way, Green Park, Reading, Berkshire, RG2 6UW & BKUK Group Limited. 5 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3TW. Full Terms and Conditions:This Promotion is open to residents of the United Kingdom only aged 18 or over, excluding employees of the Promoter, its agents and anyone professionally associated with this Promotion. Residents of the Republic of Ireland cannot enter this Promotion.Purchase is necessary to enter the Promotion and to claim Gift. Please retain an itemised receipt (of Promotional Product purchased) that states the time and date of purchase prior to entry, but within the Promotion Period, as this may be required for validation and in order for the winner to receive their Gift . Internet access and a valid email address are required. Promotion Period: Purchase a Promotional Product between 00:01 GMT on the 20 February 2023 and 23:59 GMT on the 30 October 2023 inclusive.Claim Period: All claims for the redemption of the Gift must be made by 23:59 GMT on the 30 October 2023. For the avoidance of doubt this includes claiming the Gift and redeeming the voucher at store or online. To Claim: Purchase a Promotional Product. Scan QR code or visit burgerking.co.uk/doritos. Login to your Burger King® account or register a free account using your name and email. Enter your code (found in the Best Before box on the promotional pack) which will add and save the offer to your account for future use before end of redemption period. When purchasing a qualifying Burger King® meal, redeem offer in restaurant or via mobile order to claim your free Whopper® meal. The Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying purchase is made. Please note that while we want to encourage you to participate and enjoy the benefits of the Promotion we believe in responsible consumption of our products. DO NOT purchase more product than you can reasonably use or consume just to participate in this Promotion.Promotional Products: Doritos Flame Grilled Whopper® 180g & 70gDoritos Tangy Cheese180g & 70gDoritos Chilli Heatwave 180g & 70gDoritos Cool Original 180g & 70gDoritos Dippers Hint of Salt 230gDoritos Dippers Hint of Sour Cream & Onion 230gDoritos Dippers Hint of Paprika 230gDoritos Loaded Pepperoni Pizza 180gDoritos Triple Cheese Pizza 180gMaximum of 1 claim is permitted per person per day during the Promotion Period. The Gift: Each valid claimant will receive 1 x Burger King® Whopper® Meal OR 1 x Plant-Based Whopper® Meal. Further Gift Details and Conditions: The Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying purchase is made.When redeeming in store the Gift will only be available for redemption for 15 minutes from time of activation.Not valid in conjunction with any other offer.One Gift per transaction.Gift valid only in the UK. Subject to availability. Gift valid at participating restaurants only. Not valid at Burger King® motorway service locations, airports, train stations and holiday parks.Valid only in combination with Whopper®, Double Whopper®, Triple Whopper®, Bacon Double XL, Bacon Double cheeseburger, Chicken Royale, Bacon & Cheese Chicken Royale, Steakhouse Crispy Chicken, Chicken fries meal, Steakhouse Angus, Farmhouse Angus and Premium Limited time offer meals. Not valid in combination with King Jr, Melts and selected burger or cheeseburger meals.i. The Gift must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Gift as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the Gift.Any pictures depicting the Gifts on any media including press advertisements, posters or TV commercials are indicative only and the actual Gifts may vary from the depictions. The Promotion does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of the products or services being offered as Gifts. Claimants will not receive any refund if the Gift is not used The Promoters seek to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you claim in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Gift awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoters reserves the right to bar you from claiming future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoters reserves the right at any point to:Verify the eligibility of claimants and/or provisional claimants by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Gift may be withheld until verification is completed.Disqualify claims that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion. Disqualify claims made using anonymous email services such as, but not limited to, GuerillaMail, Dispostable or Mailinator.Disqualify bulk claims from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete claims and claims submitted by macros or other automated means.Disqualify claims beyond the maximum allowed, or those using techniques such as ‘script’, ‘brute force’, multiple SIM cards for text claims, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.Disqualify claims which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions. h. Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoters which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.The Gift is not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for monetary value or for any other form of compensation. If for any reason the Gift is not available, the Promoters reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Gift for another of equal or greater value.No responsibility can be taken for claims which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt. The Promoters and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion or accepting or using the/a Gift(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law. Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.The Promoters will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.Any and all personal data provided by you in connection with this Promotion will be used solely by the BKUK Group Limited (or its appointed agents) to: (i) assist with running the Promotion; and/or (ii) conduct analytics to improve the BKUK Group Limited ’s promotions, products or services. BKUK Group Limited (or its appointed agents) will not contact you for reasons other than this Promotion unless you have provided your express consent. All personal data will be handled in accordance with the Burger King®’s privacy policy, available at: www.burgerking.co.uk/privacy-policy If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.By claiming, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail. These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.Co-Promoters: Walkers Snacks Ltd, 450 South Oak Way, Green Park, Reading, Berkshire, RG2 6UW & BKUK Group Limited, 5 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3TW Summary Terms and Conditions: UK ONLY, excludes Republic of Ireland, 18+ only. Valid from 00:01 20/02/23. Claim and redeem by 23:59 30/10/23. 1. Purchase a promotional pack 2. Scan QR code or visit burgerking.co.uk/doritos 3.Login to your Burger King® account or register for a free account using your name and email 4.Enter your code (found in the Best Before box on this pack) to add the offer to your account 5.When purchasing a qualifying Burger King® meal, redeem offer in restaurant or via mobile order to claim your free Whopper® meal. Retain receipt. Gift: 1 x Burger King® Regular Whopper® Meal OR 1 x Plant-Based Regular Whopper® Meal. Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying Burger King® meal purchase is made. When redeeming in store the Gift will only be available for redemption for 15 minutes from time of activation. Not valid in conjunction with any other offer. One Gift per transaction. Gift valid only in the UK. Subject to availability. Gift valid at participating restaurants only. Not valid at Burger King® motorway service locations, airports, train stations and holiday parks. Not valid in combination with King Jr, Melts and selected burger or cheeseburger meals. BURGER KING® HAMBURGER DESIGN and WHOPPER® are trade marks of Burger King® Company LLC. Used under license. ©Burger King® Company, LLC 2023. Internet access, email address & Burger King® app required. Max 1 claim per person per day. Visit www.burgerking.co.uk/doritos for full T&Cs &gift details. Co-Promoters: Walkers Snacks UK Ltd 450 South Oak Way, Green Park, Reading, Berkshire, RG2 6UW & BKUK Group Limited. 5 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3TW. Full Terms and Conditions: This Promotion is open to residents of the United Kingdom only aged 18 or over, excluding employees of the Promoter, its agents and anyone professionally associated with this Promotion. Residents of the Republic of Ireland cannot enter this Promotion.Purchase is necessary to enter the Promotion and to claim Gift. Please retain an itemised receipt (of Promotional Product purchased) that states the time and date of purchase prior to entry, but within the Promotion Period, as this may be required for validation and in order for the winner to receive their Gift . Internet access and a valid email address are required. Promotion Period: Purchase a Promotional Product between 00:01 GMT on the 20 February 2023 and 23:59 GMT on the 30 October 2023 inclusive.Claim Period: All claims for the redemption of the Gift must be made by 23:59 GMT on the 30 October 2023. For the avoidance of doubt this includes claiming the Gift and redeeming the voucher at store or online. To Claim: Purchase a Promotional Product. Scan QR code or visit burgerking.co.uk/doritos. Login to your Burger King® account or register a free account using your name and email. Enter your code (found in the Best Before box on the promotional pack) which will add and save the offer to your account for future use before end of redemption period. When purchasing a qualifying Burger King® meal, redeem offer in restaurant or via mobile order to claim your free Whopper® meal. The Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying purchase is made. Please note that while we want to encourage you to participate and enjoy the benefits of the Promotion we believe in responsible consumption of our products. DO NOT purchase more product than you can reasonably use or consume just to participate in this Promotion.Promotional Products: Doritos Flame Grilled Whopper® 180g & 70gDoritos Tangy Cheese180g & 70gDoritos Chilli Heatwave 180g & 70gDoritos Cool Original 180g & 70gDoritos Dippers Hint of Salt 230gDoritos Dippers Hint of Sour Cream & Onion 230gDoritos Dippers Hint of Paprika 230gDoritos Loaded Pepperoni Pizza 180gDoritos Triple Cheese Pizza 180gMaximum of 1 claim is permitted per person per day during the Promotion Period. The Gift: Each valid claimant will receive 1 x Burger King® Whopper® Meal OR 1 x Plant-Based Whopper® Meal. Further Gift Details and Conditions: The Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying purchase is made.When redeeming in store the Gift will only be available for redemption for 15 minutes from time of activation.Not valid in conjunction with any other offer.One Gift per transaction.Gift valid only in the UK. Subject to availability. Gift valid at participating restaurants only. Not valid at Burger King® motorway service locations, airports, train stations and holiday parks.Valid only in combination with Whopper®, Double Whopper®, Triple Whopper®, Bacon Double XL, Bacon Double cheeseburger, Chicken Royale, Bacon & Cheese Chicken Royale, Steakhouse Crispy Chicken, Chicken fries meal, Steakhouse Angus, Farmhouse Angus and Premium Limited time offer meals. Not valid in combination with King Jr, Melts and selected burger or cheeseburger meals.i. The Gift must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Gift as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the Gift.Any pictures depicting the Gifts on any media including press advertisements, posters or TV commercials are indicative only and the actual Gifts may vary from the depictions. The Promotion does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of the products or services being offered as Gifts. Claimants will not receive any refund if the Gift is not used The Promoters seek to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you claim in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Gift awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoters reserves the right to bar you from claiming future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoters reserves the right at any point to:Verify the eligibility of claimants and/or provisional claimants by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Gift may be withheld until verification is completed.Disqualify claims that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion. Disqualify claims made using anonymous email services such as, but not limited to, GuerillaMail, Dispostable or Mailinator.Disqualify bulk claims from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete claims and claims submitted by macros or other automated means.Disqualify claims beyond the maximum allowed, or those using techniques such as ‘script’, ‘brute force’, multiple SIM cards for text claims, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.Disqualify claims which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions. h. Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoters which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion.The Gift is not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for monetary value or for any other form of compensation. If for any reason the Gift is not available, the Promoters reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Gift for another of equal or greater value.No responsibility can be taken for claims which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt. The Promoters and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion or accepting or using the/a Gift(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law. Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence.The Promoters will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances.Any and all personal data provided by you in connection with this Promotion will be used solely by the BKUK Group Limited (or its appointed agents) to: (i) assist with running the Promotion; and/or (ii) conduct analytics to improve the BKUK Group Limited ’s promotions, products or services. BKUK Group Limited (or its appointed agents) will not contact you for reasons other than this Promotion unless you have provided your express consent. All personal data will be handled in accordance with the Burger King®’s privacy policy, available at: www.burgerking.co.uk/privacy-policy If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect.By claiming, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail. These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. This Promotion is open to residents of the United Kingdom only aged 18 or over, excluding employees of the Promoter, its agents and anyone professionally associated with this Promotion. Residents of the Republic of Ireland cannot enter this Promotion. Purchase is necessary to enter the Promotion and to claim Gift. Please retain an itemised receipt (of Promotional Product purchased) that states the time and date of purchase prior to entry, but within the Promotion Period, as this may be required for validation and in order for the winner to receive their Gift . Internet access and a valid email address are required. Please retain an itemised receipt (of Promotional Product purchased) that states the time and date of purchase prior to entry, but within the Promotion Period, as this may be required for validation and in order for the winner to receive their Gift Promotion Period: Purchase a Promotional Product between 00:01 GMT on the 20 February 2023 and 23:59 GMT on the 30 October 2023 inclusive. Promotion Period: Claim Period: All claims for the redemption of the Gift must be made by 23:59 GMT on the 30 October 2023. For the avoidance of doubt this includes claiming the Gift and redeeming the voucher at store or online. Claim Period: To Claim: Purchase a Promotional Product. Scan QR code or visit burgerking.co.uk/doritos. Login to your Burger King® account or register a free account using your name and email. Enter your code (found in the Best Before box on the promotional pack) which will add and save the offer to your account for future use before end of redemption period. When purchasing a qualifying Burger King® meal, redeem offer in restaurant or via mobile order to claim your free Whopper® meal. The Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying purchase is made. To Claim: Please note that while we want to encourage you to participate and enjoy the benefits of the Promotion we believe in responsible consumption of our products. DO NOT purchase more product than you can reasonably use or consume just to participate in this Promotion. Promotional Products: Doritos Flame Grilled Whopper® 180g & 70gDoritos Tangy Cheese180g & 70gDoritos Chilli Heatwave 180g & 70gDoritos Cool Original 180g & 70gDoritos Dippers Hint of Salt 230gDoritos Dippers Hint of Sour Cream & Onion 230gDoritos Dippers Hint of Paprika 230gDoritos Loaded Pepperoni Pizza 180gDoritos Triple Cheese Pizza 180g Promotional Products: Doritos Flame Grilled Whopper® 180g & 70gDoritos Tangy Cheese180g & 70gDoritos Chilli Heatwave 180g & 70gDoritos Cool Original 180g & 70gDoritos Dippers Hint of Salt 230gDoritos Dippers Hint of Sour Cream & Onion 230gDoritos Dippers Hint of Paprika 230gDoritos Loaded Pepperoni Pizza 180gDoritos Triple Cheese Pizza 180g Doritos Flame Grilled Whopper® 180g & 70g Doritos Tangy Cheese180g & 70g Doritos Chilli Heatwave 180g & 70g Doritos Cool Original 180g & 70g Doritos Dippers Hint of Salt 230g Doritos Dippers Hint of Sour Cream & Onion 230g Doritos Dippers Hint of Paprika 230g Doritos Loaded Pepperoni Pizza 180g Doritos Triple Cheese Pizza 180g Maximum of 1 claim is permitted per person per day during the Promotion Period. The Gift: Each valid claimant will receive 1 x Burger King® Whopper® Meal OR 1 x Plant-Based Whopper® Meal. The Gift: Further Gift Details and Conditions: The Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying purchase is made.When redeeming in store the Gift will only be available for redemption for 15 minutes from time of activation.Not valid in conjunction with any other offer.One Gift per transaction.Gift valid only in the UK. Subject to availability. Gift valid at participating restaurants only. Not valid at Burger King® motorway service locations, airports, train stations and holiday parks.Valid only in combination with Whopper®, Double Whopper®, Triple Whopper®, Bacon Double XL, Bacon Double cheeseburger, Chicken Royale, Bacon & Cheese Chicken Royale, Steakhouse Crispy Chicken, Chicken fries meal, Steakhouse Angus, Farmhouse Angus and Premium Limited time offer meals. Not valid in combination with King Jr, Melts and selected burger or cheeseburger meals.i. The Gift must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Gift as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the Gift.Any pictures depicting the Gifts on any media including press advertisements, posters or TV commercials are indicative only and the actual Gifts may vary from the depictions. The Promotion does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of the products or services being offered as Gifts. Claimants will not receive any refund if the Gift is not used Further Gift Details and Conditions: The Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying purchase is made.When redeeming in store the Gift will only be available for redemption for 15 minutes from time of activation.Not valid in conjunction with any other offer.One Gift per transaction.Gift valid only in the UK. Subject to availability. Gift valid at participating restaurants only. Not valid at Burger King® motorway service locations, airports, train stations and holiday parks.Valid only in combination with Whopper®, Double Whopper®, Triple Whopper®, Bacon Double XL, Bacon Double cheeseburger, Chicken Royale, Bacon & Cheese Chicken Royale, Steakhouse Crispy Chicken, Chicken fries meal, Steakhouse Angus, Farmhouse Angus and Premium Limited time offer meals. Not valid in combination with King Jr, Melts and selected burger or cheeseburger meals.i. The Gift must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Gift as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the Gift.Any pictures depicting the Gifts on any media including press advertisements, posters or TV commercials are indicative only and the actual Gifts may vary from the depictions. The Promotion does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of the products or services being offered as Gifts. Claimants will not receive any refund if the Gift is not used The Gift can only be redeemed when a qualifying purchase is made. When redeeming in store the Gift will only be available for redemption for 15 minutes from time of activation. Not valid in conjunction with any other offer. One Gift per transaction. Gift valid only in the UK. Subject to availability. Gift valid at participating restaurants only. Not valid at Burger King® motorway service locations, airports, train stations and holiday parks. Valid only in combination with Whopper®, Double Whopper®, Triple Whopper®, Bacon Double XL, Bacon Double cheeseburger, Chicken Royale, Bacon & Cheese Chicken Royale, Steakhouse Crispy Chicken, Chicken fries meal, Steakhouse Angus, Farmhouse Angus and Premium Limited time offer meals. Not valid in combination with King Jr, Melts and selected burger or cheeseburger meals. i. The Gift must be taken as stated and no compensation will be payable if a winner is unable to use the Gift as stated. The winner will be liable for all costs and expenses not stated relating to claiming the Gift. Any pictures depicting the Gifts on any media including press advertisements, posters or TV commercials are indicative only and the actual Gifts may vary from the depictions. The Promotion does not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of the products or services being offered as Gifts. Claimants will not receive any refund if the Gift is not used The Promoters seek to run a fair and secure promotion and prevent abuse and cheating. If you claim in a way that is not consistent with these Terms & Conditions, your entry (and any of your associated aliases) will be disqualified. Any Gift awarded may be void and recoverable, and the Promoters reserves the right to bar you from claiming future promotions for a period of at least six months. For this reason, the Promoters reserves the right at any point to: Verify the eligibility of claimants and/or provisional claimants by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Gift may be withheld until verification is completed.Disqualify claims that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion. Disqualify claims made using anonymous email services such as, but not limited to, GuerillaMail, Dispostable or Mailinator.Disqualify bulk claims from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete claims and claims submitted by macros or other automated means.Disqualify claims beyond the maximum allowed, or those using techniques such as ‘script’, ‘brute force’, multiple SIM cards for text claims, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means.Disqualify claims which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions. h. Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoters which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion. Verify the eligibility of claimants and/or provisional claimants by requesting such information it consider reasonably necessary for this purpose. Entry or a Gift may be withheld until verification is completed. Disqualify claims that are not made directly by the individual entering the Promotion. Disqualify claims made using anonymous email services such as, but not limited to, GuerillaMail, Dispostable or Mailinator. Disqualify bulk claims from individuals, trade, consumer groups or third parties, incomplete claims and claims submitted by macros or other automated means. Disqualify claims beyond the maximum allowed, or those using techniques such as ‘script’, ‘brute force’, multiple SIM cards for text claims, masking identity by manipulating IP addresses, using aliases or identities other than their own or any other means. Disqualify claims which, in some other way, do not meet the requirements of these Terms & Conditions. h. Cancel, modify or suspend the Promotion should it not be capable of running as planned for reasons including but not limited to tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, dishonesty, technical failures, or any other causes beyond the control of the Promoters which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of this Promotion. The Gift is not transferable or exchangeable and cannot be redeemed for monetary value or for any other form of compensation. If for any reason the Gift is not available, the Promoters reserves the right, at its sole discretion to substitute that Gift for another of equal or greater value. No responsibility can be taken for claims which are lost, delayed, corrupted, damaged, misdirected or incomplete or which cannot be delivered for any technical, delivery or other reason. Proof of sending will not be accepted as proof of receipt. The Promoters and its associated agencies and companies are not liable for any loss (including, without limitation, indirect, special or consequential loss or loss of profits), expense or damage which is suffered or sustained (whether or not arising from any person’s negligence) in connection with this Promotion or accepting or using the/a Gift(s), except for any liability which cannot be excluded by law. Nothing will exclude the Promotor’s liability for death or personal injury as a result of its negligence. The Promoters will not be liable for any delay or failure to comply with its obligations for reasons beyond its reasonable control arising from but not limited to Acts of God, global or regional epidemic or pandemic, adverse weather conditions, fire, industrial dispute, war, terrorist activity, hostilities, political unrest, riots, civil commotion, plague or other natural calamities, or any other circumstances. Any and all personal data provided by you in connection with this Promotion will be used solely by the BKUK Group Limited (or its appointed agents) to: (i) assist with running the Promotion; and/or (ii) conduct analytics to improve the BKUK Group Limited ’s promotions, products or services. BKUK Group Limited (or its appointed agents) will not contact you for reasons other than this Promotion unless you have provided your express consent. All personal data will be handled in accordance with the Burger King®’s privacy policy, available at: www.burgerking.co.uk/privacy-policy If any part/s of these Terms & Conditions are legally ruled to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will not be affected and will continue in full force and effect. By claiming, you will be deemed to have agreed to be bound by these Terms & Conditions. If there is a discrepancy between these Terms & Conditions and those in any promotional material, these Terms & Conditions will prevail. These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and their interpretation and application will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Co-Promoters: Walkers Snacks Ltd, 450 South Oak Way, Green Park, Reading, Berkshire, RG2 6UW & BKUK Group Limited, 5 New Street Square, London, EC4A 3TW Co-Promoters: Doritos© 2023 All Rights Reserved