 Downloads Privacy, extensions, and the best option for every platform. Crypto, NFTs, and all things blockchain. Learn the basics of Web3. Short, plain-language intros to common Internet and computer terms. See how Brave stacks up against other browsers. LLMs, machine learning, and the foundations of AI, for both users and devs. Blogs What's new in Brave? LAST UPDATED March 21, 2023 Brave Websites, Forums, and Email Privacy Policy LAST UPDATED March 21, 2023 When you buy from the Brave Merch Store, Brave and third parties acting on our behalf will process personal data such as your name and address, contact details, and payment information, to process orders and payments and to provide support to you. Data is held in the USA. Users of the Brave or BAT Community forums Purpose of processingCategories of personal data processedLegal basis of processingDuration of storage To operate the forum, including improving it based on feedback and use. IP address, user agent (version number of your operating system version and browser), community pages visited, incoming and outgoing links, reading times per post, user profiles viewed, likes given and flags being requested, registration IP addresses, posts that you write, pseudonym or real name, profile photo Necessary for the performance of a contract between us (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The time necessary to deliver the requested service. To send user-requested notifications or respond to user questions E-mail address, pseudonym or real name Necessary for the performance of a contract between us (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The time necessary to deliver the requested service. To provide customer service and support IP address, user agent (version number of operating system version and browser), community pages visited, incoming and outgoing links, reading times per post, user profiles viewed, likes given and flags being requested, registration IP addresses, posts that you write, pseudonym or real name, profile photo Necessary for the performance of a contract between us (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The time necessary to deliver the requested service. To display ongoing community conversations that include posts from members who have left the community. Posts by former members (these may no longer be personal data because once user name is removed the former user may no longer be identifiable) Our interest in maintaining an unbroken community conversation. The data are used in a way that does not negatively affect your rights or interests. Until the forum closes. Purpose of processingCategories of personal data processedLegal basis of processingDuration of storage To operate the forum, including improving it based on feedback and use. IP address, user agent (version number of your operating system version and browser), community pages visited, incoming and outgoing links, reading times per post, user profiles viewed, likes given and flags being requested, registration IP addresses, posts that you write, pseudonym or real name, profile photo Necessary for the performance of a contract between us (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The time necessary to deliver the requested service. To send user-requested notifications or respond to user questions E-mail address, pseudonym or real name Necessary for the performance of a contract between us (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The time necessary to deliver the requested service. To provide customer service and support IP address, user agent (version number of operating system version and browser), community pages visited, incoming and outgoing links, reading times per post, user profiles viewed, likes given and flags being requested, registration IP addresses, posts that you write, pseudonym or real name, profile photo Necessary for the performance of a contract between us (and necessary for us to provide the requested service). The time necessary to deliver the requested service. To display ongoing community conversations that include posts from members who have left the community. Posts by former members (these may no longer be personal data because once user name is removed the former user may no longer be identifiable) Our interest in maintaining an unbroken community conversation. The data are used in a way that does not negatively affect your rights or interests. Until the forum closes. Applicants for BAT Ambassadors program Purpose of processingCategories of personal data processedLegal basis of processingDuration of storage To consider applications Full name, email address, social media usernames Legitimate interests—it is necessary for Brave to process the personal data to provide the service Data will be held for 6 months for unsuccessful applications in order to consider future openings for the program To operate the BAT Ambassador Program: Understanding volunteer goals Assessing volunteer areas of interest or specialization Tracking volunteer contributions Launching focussed initiatives with volunteers Group messaging volunteers Full name, email address, social media usernames, languages, skills or talents, country where based Legitimate interests—it is necessary to fulfil participation in the program We will delete data after 6 months of an Ambassador’s registration becoming inactive, or after an Ambassador chooses to leave the program Purpose of processingCategories of personal data processedLegal basis of processingDuration of storage To consider applications Full name, email address, social media usernames Legitimate interests—it is necessary for Brave to process the personal data to provide the service Data will be held for 6 months for unsuccessful applications in order to consider future openings for the program To operate the BAT Ambassador Program: Understanding volunteer goals Assessing volunteer areas of interest or specialization Tracking volunteer contributions Launching focussed initiatives with volunteers Group messaging volunteers Full name, email address, social media usernames, languages, skills or talents, country where based Legitimate interests—it is necessary to fulfil participation in the program We will delete data after 6 months of an Ambassador’s registration becoming inactive, or after an Ambassador chooses to leave the program To operate the BAT Ambassador Program: First and last name; full postal address; email address; telephone number; order number. Recipients name if different from the person placing an order. Email address and telephone number are deleted after 180 days. The remaining data is pseudonymised after 180 days & stored for 10 years. (to meet legal obligations). Brave will have access to payment data supplied to Stripe (except the credit card verification code - CVC) for a period of 15 months, to arrange refunds and provide customer support. Advertising Brave to people using Facebook, Google, and X (formerly Twitter) Purpose of processingCategories of personal data processedLegal basis of processingDuration of storage To market Brave to prospective users who use Facebook and Google websites and apps. For Facebook: Facebook ID (not available to Brave, and used by Facebook for people logged in to Facebook), actions on Facebook, location, age, gender, previously visited website, device details. For Google: Google ID (not available to Brave), keywords used in searches, and interests determined by Google based on what the person has done and browsed (“affinity audiences” and “custom intent audiences”). Legitimate interest. Brave’s interest is to attract users, and to defend those users’ privacy over the long term. Everybody has an interest in gaining protection from tracking. Therefore, Brave uses advertising on Facebook and Google to offer its service to people whose privacy and data rights are currently unprotected. Brave does not receive or store data. Google or Facebook store the data until the user deletes their Google or Facebook account. To market Brave to prospective users using variations of landing pages that cater to their interests. Unique ID assigned by Unbounce, unique ID assigned by Facebook, referral URL. Country/region, timezone, operating system, device, browser, ID, IP address, timestamp, page variant visited. Legitimate interest. This might seem unusual, but consider the following. Brave’s interest is to attract users, and to defend those users’ privacy over the long term. Everybody has an interest in gaining protection from tracking. Therefore, Brave uses advertising on Facebook and Google to offer its service to people whose privacy and data rights are currently unprotected. Unbounce stores the data for 184 days. Purpose of processingCategories of personal data processedLegal basis of processingDuration of storage To market Brave to prospective users who use Facebook and Google websites and apps. For Facebook: Facebook ID (not available to Brave, and used by Facebook for people logged in to Facebook), actions on Facebook, location, age, gender, previously visited website, device details. For Google: Google ID (not available to Brave), keywords used in searches, and interests determined by Google based on what the person has done and browsed (“affinity audiences” and “custom intent audiences”). Legitimate interest. Brave’s interest is to attract users, and to defend those users’ privacy over the long term. Everybody has an interest in gaining protection from tracking. Therefore, Brave uses advertising on Facebook and Google to offer its service to people whose privacy and data rights are currently unprotected. Brave does not receive or store data. Google or Facebook store the data until the user deletes their Google or Facebook account. To market Brave to prospective users using variations of landing pages that cater to their interests. Unique ID assigned by Unbounce, unique ID assigned by Facebook, referral URL. Country/region, timezone, operating system, device, browser, ID, IP address, timestamp, page variant visited. Legitimate interest. This might seem unusual, but consider the following. Brave’s interest is to attract users, and to defend those users’ privacy over the long term. Everybody has an interest in gaining protection from tracking. Therefore, Brave uses advertising on Facebook and Google to offer its service to people whose privacy and data rights are currently unprotected. Unbounce stores the data for 184 days. Research and product development, including related surveys Purpose of processingCategories of personal data processedLegal basis of processingDuration of storage To receive user testing responses (from survey and tests in person) Name, contact details, responses to survey questions about use of Brave Browser Consent 1 year To send Brave Beta Testers new software E-mail address, Name Consent The duration of a person’s participation in Brave Beta Testing Purpose of processingCategories of personal data processedLegal basis of processingDuration of storage To receive user testing responses (from survey and tests in person) Name, contact details, responses to survey questions about use of Brave Browser Consent 1 year To send Brave Beta Testers new software E-mail address, Name Consent The duration of a person’s participation in Brave Beta Testing Support/General Correspondence/competitions Purpose of processingCategories of personal data processedLegal basis of processingDuration of storage To respond to requests for customer support IP address, email address, data submitted in a support request Legitimate interests of Brave and the customer The time needed to resolve the customer support query To run occasional contests E-mail address, IP address Consent The duration of an individual contest. General correspondence Data sent by the person communicating. Our interest in correctly responding to users, and maintaining good relations with them. The data are used in a way that does not negatively affect your rights or interests. Indefinite. Purpose of processingCategories of personal data processedLegal basis of processingDuration of storage To respond to requests for customer support IP address, email address, data submitted in a support request Legitimate interests of Brave and the customer The time needed to resolve the customer support query To run occasional contests E-mail address, IP address Consent The duration of an individual contest. General correspondence Data sent by the person communicating. Our interest in correctly responding to users, and maintaining good relations with them. The data are used in a way that does not negatively affect your rights or interests. Indefinite. Brave EU Nominated Representative Care of Castlebridge Unit 7, 12 Mountjoy Square, Dublin 1 Ireland We’ll update this policy whenever we make material changes to our practices, and we’ll announce it to let you know. Please only use this email address if you are interested in purchasing advertising with Brave. For support, please visit community.brave.com. 580 Howard St. Unit 402, San Francisco, CA 94105 English 日本語 Click “Save” in the window that pops up, and wait for the download to complete. Wait for the download to complete (you may need to click “Save” in a window that pops up). Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the top right of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file, and follow the instructions to install Brave. Click the downloaded file at the bottom left of your screen, and follow the instructions to install Brave. During setup, import bookmarks, extensions, & passwords from your old browser. Download Brave mobile for privacy on the go. Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave Click this file to install Brave 1234