 Etusivu Hae Valikko Sarjat. Podcastit. Suorat. Yle ID Menu Yle ID Terms of service We have updated the terms of use for the Yle ID service on December 12th 2023. How do I accept the new Terms of service? D and accept the new Terms of service. You can also accept the Terms of service later by logging into to any Yle service with your Yle ID. and accept the Terms of service when you create the id. The Parties, i.e. Yleisradio ("Yle") as the provider of the Yle ID ("Services") services and You as their client and user, hereby agree to the terms of this Yle ID agreement ("Agreement") on the Services and their content, provision and use. Please note that additional terms of service may apply to the use of Yle’s different Services or their parts. For example, can be found here (in Finnish). By registering, creating an Yle ID ("Username") and accepting the terms and conditions of this Agreement by clicking on "I ACCEPT" on Yle's website at www.yle.fi ("Website"), you hereby agree to comply with the terms and conditions of the Agreement and declare that: You are at least 13 years of age. You have familiarised yourself with the and you understand and agree that the purpose of the Agreement is to provide personalised Services, for which it is necessary to use all data, responses, selections, consent and settings that you have submitted as well as use history concerning any content that you have viewed and listened to on any device, such as a phone or smart TV, that has been collected by means of cookies (or similar technologies) in accordance with the Service description. In addition, personalisation is carried out based on the use history of other similar customers. The processing of personal data is described in the , which you can find here. If you do not wish to commit to the terms of the Agreement, do not register and do not accept the Agreement. The Services are described in the description of Yle ID services ("Service description") available on the current Website. Services include: Viewing and listening to programmes regardless of location and device. Mobile and Internet applications needed to view programmes and use the Services. Interactive services that allow you to participate in a discussion by commenting on articles and programmes, chatting with programme creators or other participants, or asking a specialist about select topics. When logged in, you can also participate in voting and games offered by Yle. Personal favourites and specially ordered personal recommendations and notifications. Personal recommendations where the Service selects, displays, provides and recommends content and services that best serve you personally. Recommendations are implemented on the basis of the information you provide through AI (e.g. age, gender, language, place of residence) and survey responses, as well as on the basis of your use history collected through cookies (or similar technologies). In addition, personalisation is carried out based on the use history of other similar customers. Data on the use of Services is stored in the use history. It includes your choices in the Service, such as your favourite and subject matter choices, orders, consent and settings. Similarly, it stores information collected with cookies on what you have viewed and listened to while logged in on any device, such as a phone or smart TV. Yle is free to change the Services and Service description without prior notice. Yle may decide, at its discretion, to discontinue the maintenance and provision of the Service or any part thereof. Yle shall give notification of such cases beforehand. Yle is responsible for the Services and their contents in accordance with this Agreement and the additional terms and conditions applicable to individual Services. The Service is available 24 hours a day. However, Yle reserves the right, at its discretion, to develop, modify and repair the Yle ID, its features, use or background systems. The Service may also be unavailable during service breaks and at other times due to, for example, overloading. In the settings of the Yle ID Service, you can easily manage the Agreement and change the ordering and selection of individual services, such as which personalised recommendations and notifications you want to order. You can turn off personalised content recommendations in your own settings. In your personal settings, you can also download all the data we have collected about you at any time and view your profile's use history, i.e. what Yle content and services you have used. Yle sends essential information to its users by email regarding the content and features of its services. You can manage customer communications in your own settings. To enter into the Agreement, register for the Service and create a Username and associated password. You must be at least 13 years of age. You must provide the required registration data in order to be authenticated. You can use your Username to log in to all Services on any supported device. Your Yle ID is personal - you may not give it to anyone else. You must store your Username and password carefully. You are personally responsible for all use of the Services under your Username and password. You must immediately notify Yle if you suspect that an unauthorised party has gained possession of your Username. If you no longer want to use the Yle ID Service, you can delete the Username in your settings. Once you have deleted your Username, you will no longer be able to access the Services or their features that require registration with the Username. Naturally, you may create a new Yle ID. Yle may cancel your Username or restrict access to the Services if you are in breach of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Yle may also cancel your Yle ID if you have not used it to log in to the Services during the past two (2) years. Yle ID is a secure Finnish service. We will take care of all information we collect and will not disclose your information to any third parties without your consent. We will use your data to provide the Services specified in this Agreement and the Service description and, for example, manage the customer relationship. All data to be collected, the purposes for which they are processed, the legal grounds for their processing, and other data protection principles related to your personal data related to the Yle ID are specified in . Yle processes your personal data in accordance with the valid legislation and privacy policy. Cookies and other similar identifiers can be used in the Services as described in Yle’s cookie policy. Cookies that are used to collect user history for providing the Service are essential to the execution of the Yle ID agreement. Consequently, you will not be asked to provide separate consent for their use. . If desired, you can also use the Yle ID to log in to Services offered by some third party operators. In this case, the terms of service of the specific third party apply to the Services used. Yle is not responsible for the services provided by third party operators. In this case, the data protection principles regarding the specific services are defined in the privacy policy of the third party in question. The Service and related background systems and software are protected by copyright laws, and the intellectual property rights to them are held by Yle or Yle’s licensors. Yle provides the Service “as is”. Yle does not guarantee that the Yle ID is available without any interruptions or faults. Yle does not provide any direct or indirect guarantees related to the availability, perfection, reliability, information or content of the Yle ID. Use of the Service is done at your own risk, and you are responsible for acquiring, using and protecting the devices, applications and network connections required to use the Services. With the exception of any liabilities arising from intent or gross negligence, Yle shall not be liable for any direct, indirect or unexpected losses resulting from the use of the Service or any inability to use the Service. The Agreement shall enter into force on the date which you accept the Agreement. The Agreement will end if you delete your Username or if Yle terminates the Username. This Agreement is subject to valid Finnish law, with the exception of provisions on the choice of law. Yle reserves the right to change the terms of service at any time without any prior notification. If there are significant changes in the terms of service, Yle shall give a prior notification of such changes. Changes shall enter into force within one week after Yle has given notification of the changes in the terms of service on its website and/or in an application offered by Yle. If changes in the terms of service result from changes in legislation or official regulations or for other unexpected reasons, the changes shall enter into force immediately after Yle has given notification of them. The service provider of the Yle ID is Yle (Uutiskatu 5, 00024 Yleisradio). In matters concerning the terms of service for the Yle ID, you may contact us by sending email . In matters concerning data protection, you may send an email to . You may also use the or send us post to Yleisradio Oy, P.O. Box 77, 00024 Yleisradio. , that were in use before December 12th 2023. In other languages