Search Home Knowledge Base General Privacy Policy Web Player Terms of Use and Privacy iOS Android Your privacy is critically important to us. At Pocket Casts we have a few fundamental principles: Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles. Who We Are and What This Covers Howdy! We’re Automattic Inc. (“Automattic”), the folks behind the Pocket Casts applications and its related websites (each, an “App​” or a “​Site​”, respectively). Through Pocket Casts’s application (“App”) and website (“Site”), we offer podcast fans tools that make it easier to discover and organize podcasts, and to customize the listening experience. Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information. Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to Pocket Casts’ Sites, Apps, and other services collectively as “Services.” This Privacy Policy only applies to the Pocket Casts Services and not to other services provided by Automattic. Creative Commons Sharealike License Information We Collect We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better. We collect this information from three sources: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our Services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect. Information You Provide Us It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us directly. Here are some examples: Your Podcasts: Account Information: Transactional Information: Communications with Us: Information We Collect Automatically We also collect some information automatically: Log information: Device and Usage Information: Location Information: Information from Cookies & Other Technologies: Information We Collect from Other Sources We may also get information about you from other sources. For example: Third Party Account Information: How We Use Information We use your personal information to: We will communicate with you primarily in the form of push alerts, emails, and forum threads. You can manage the frequency and/or opt out of receiving our communications by changing your App settings, and/or clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of each email. Please note that even if you unsubscribe or opt-out of our emails, we may still send you Services related communications (e.g., emails related to your account or the App). How We Share Information We share information about you in limited circumstances, and with appropriate safeguards to protect your privacy. These are spelled out below: Third Party Vendors: Subsidiaries: Business Transfers: Legal, Regulatory, & Other Obligations: With Your Consent: Anonymous Information We reserve the right to disclose anonymous information or other information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you publicly without restriction. How Long We Keep Information We generally discard information about you when it’s no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it — described in the section above on “How We Use Information” — and we’re not legally required to keep it. For example, we keep web server logs for a few months. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic, and investigate issues if something goes wrong. As another example, if you delete your sync account we will discard your account information including your email address, password, and podcast subscriptions, lists, and listening history. Security While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so. We monitor our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks. We use a variety of technologies designed to encrypt and protect your information to help prevent access by unauthorized parties. Your Choices You have several choices available when it comes to information about you: Limit/Update the Information You Provide: Delete the Sync service: Opt out of marketing communications: Set your browser to reject cookies: Opt out of our internal analytics program: Your Rights If you are located in certain parts of the world, including some US states and countries that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (aka the “GDPR”), you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, like the right to request access to or deletion of your data. European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) If you are located in a country that falls under the scope of the GDPR, data protection laws give you certain rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to: You also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority. A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that: If you are located in the EEA, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland and you have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority where you reside. Contact details for your Data Protection Authority can be found using the links below: US Privacy Laws Laws in some US states, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia, require us to provide residents with additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it. In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information, depending on the Services used: In some US states you have additional rights, subject to any exemptions provided by your state’s respective law, including the right to: We do not “sell” or “share” your personal data as those terms are defined under the privacy laws of the relevant US states. We also do not have any knowledge of any “sales” or “sharing” of the personal data of minors under 16 years of age. We do not collect or process your sensitive personal information except where it is strictly necessary to provide you with our service, where the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do not require an option to limit under California law. Contacting Us About These Rights When you contact us about one of your rights under this section, we’ll need to verify that you are the right person before we disclose or delete anything. For example, if you are a user, we will need you to contact us from the email address associated with your account. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by giving us written authorization. We may still require you to verify your identity with us. Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials In some circumstances we may deny your request to exercise one of these rights. For example, if we cannot verify that you are the account owner we may deny your request to access the personal information associated with your account. As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information. In the event that we deny your request, we will communicate this fact to you in writing. You may appeal our decision by responding in writing to our denial email and stating that you would like to appeal. All appeals will be reviewed by an internal expert who was not involved in your original request. In the event that your appeal is also denied this information will be communicated to you in writing. If your appeal is denied, in some US states (Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia) you may refer the denied appeal to the state attorney general if you believe the denial is in conflict with your legal rights. The process for how to do this will be communicated to you in writing at the same time we send you our decision about your appeal. Other Things You Should Know Third Party Software and Services This Privacy Policy addresses only our use and disclosure of information we collect from and/or about you on our Services. If you’d like to use third party software and services, any information you disclose to that third party is not covered by this Privacy Policy. Our Sites may contain content or links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. We have no control over the privacy policies or content displayed on websites run by third parties. Child Usage Restrictions Our Services are not directed to children, and children are not eligible to use our Services. Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. We do not collect or maintain personal information from people we actually know are under 13 years of age, and no part of our Services is designed to attract people under 13 years of age. If we later learn that a user is under 13 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user’s personal information from our databases and to prevent the user from utilizing the Services. Transferring Information When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with entities based in countries outside the EEA. You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU. Changes to this Privacy Policy Although most changes are likely to be minor, Pocket Casts may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Pocket Casts encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. We will post any revised version of the Privacy Policy on this page, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (like adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification through email or the app). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy. How to Reach Us If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our information collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at support@pocketcasts.com. This Privacy Policy was last revised: June 30, 2023.  Copyright Pocket Casts 2023