Learn Spanish Translation Conjugation Sign in Privacy Policy Last Updated: June 14, 2023 Thank you for using SpanishDictionary.com! Our mission is to bring high quality reference and education products to every Spanish-English learner in the world. To do that, we show you personalized services and ads that we think will be relevant based on the information we collect from you and third parties. We recognize the importance of protecting your personal information. We wrote this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect, use, and share your information in connection with your use of the SpanishDictionary.com services, including the SpanishDictionary.com website, located at SpanishDictionary.com (the "Website"), mobile applications (the "Application"), or other online services provided under the SpanishDictionary.com name (collectively, the "SpanishDictionary.com Services"). When we mention "SpanishDictionary.com", "inglés.com", "we", "us", "our", or "Curiosity Media", we are referring to the company that owns and operates SpanishDictionary.com and inglés.com, Curiosity Media, Inc. By using the SpanishDictionary.com Services or submitting any personally identifiable information to us, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. In order to offer the SpanishDictionary.com Services, we rely on the ability to collect, store, and analyze basic information about how people interact with our website and other products. We also engage in agreements with third party partners who help us to provide our services, analyze our data, and deliver a customized and high-quality user experience. As such, we and our third party partners may collect and store personal information about you when you use SpanishDictionary.com Services. This information can come from information you provide to us, technical information that is shared with us, and third party information that is shared with us, each of which we describe below. When you use the SpanishDictionary.com Services, you may provide information to us voluntarily. This information includes: The SpanishDictionary.com Services include interfaces that allow you to connect with social networking sites (each, a “SNS”). If you connect to a SNS through the SpanishDictionary.com Services, you authorize us to access, use and store the information that you agreed the SNS could provide to us based on your settings on that SNS. We will access, use and store that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can revoke our access to the information you provide in this way at any time by amending the appropriate settings from within your account settings on the applicable SNS. When you use the SpanishDictionary.com Services, we collect certain technical information automatically. This information includes: We may also obtain information about you and your activity outside SpanishDictionary.com from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with, or other publicly available sources. For example, online advertisers or third parties may share information with us to measure or improve the performance of ads on the SpanishDictionary.com Services, or to figure out what kinds of ads to show you. This includes information about your visits to an advertiser's site or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third party service, which we might use to help show you ads. We use the information we collect to provide the SpanishDictionary.com Services to you. Specifically, we use the information to: For these reasons, we have a legitimate interest in using your information in these ways, as it is fundamental to the nature of the SpanishDictionary.com Services we provide. As part of providing SpanishDictionary.com Services to you, we may share information with third parties, which can include: If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your SNS account linked to your SpanishDictionary.com account, you may de-link the SNS account in your SpanishDictionary.com account settings. You may also manage the sharing of certain personal information with us when you connect with us through an SNS. Please refer to the privacy settings of the SNS to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between the Services and your SNS account or mobile device. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such a change or deletion. We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You can stop all collection of information by our Application by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. You also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access the SpanishDictionary.com Services. For example: To learn more about these choices, please see the information provided by your device or software provider. SpanishDictionary.com may contain links to unaffiliated third party services. When you click on a link to any other website, you will leave the SpanishDictionary.com Services and go to another site and another entity may collect personal information from you. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your personal information with them, and have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for their privacy practices. We suggest you read the privacy policies on or applicable to all such third party services. You may elect to submit public information to us, including your user name, profile photo, vocabulary lists, forum posts, and other information. By choosing to use these features of SpanishDictionary.com Services, you understand and agree that anyone may access, use, and disclose any information that you submit. If you have purchased a subscription of SpanishDictionary.com Premium via our website, you must cancel your Premium subscription prior to closing your account. This enables us to ensure that you are not improperly charged for subscription services after your final subscription period has elapsed. This applies only to web subscriptions of a Premium product, and excludes in-app purchases not directly tied to your SpanishDictionary.com user account. We will retain your information for at least as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We may use other companies to serve third-party advertisements when you use SpanishDictionary.com Services. These companies may collect and use click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to SpanishDictionary.com and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use Log data, Cookie data, and device data to collect this information. Other companies' use of their tracking technologies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you. Additionally, we may share non-personally identifiable information from or about you with third parties, such as demographic data, advertising identifiers, or a cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to facilitate the display of targeted advertising. For example, we may transmit a securely hashed version of your email address to Verizon Media for the purpose of delivering targeted advertisements to you during your time on the site. You can limit our sharing of some of this information through your mobile device settings, as described in the section on managing Cookies above. SpanishDictionary.com offers email and push notifications to provide its services. For example, we offer a daily Word of the Day email or notification. If you no longer want to receive these communications, you may opt-out by click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email, or turning off the SpanishDictionary.com notification privileges on your mobile operating system. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or via mobile device, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. For users residing in the European Economic Area (EEA), please note that the personal data information we obtain from or about you may be transferred, processed and stored outside of the EEA for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including in the United States of America. We take the privacy of our users seriously and therefore take steps to safeguard your information to create an adequate level of data protection in accordance with EEA standards. For the purposes of UK and EU data protection legislation, Curiosity Media Inc., a division of IXL Learning, a California corporation with a principle place of business at 777 Mariners Island Blvd., Suite 600, San Mateo, CA 94404, is the "data controller". Users residing in the states of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia are advised that we may collect limited personal information, and share this information with our partners, including our advertising partners, when you use SpanishDictionary.com Services. (For detailed information regarding the specific types of information we collect, the sharing of this information, and your rights regarding this information under US law, please read this Privacy Policy in its entirety.) As a user in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia, you have the additional right to opt out of the sale of your personal information to our third-party advertising partners. Opt-out selections are tracked at the device level; therefore, if you access SpanishDictionary.com Services from multiple devices and wish to exercise your right of opt-out, you must complete the process separately from each relevant device. Please note that opting-out of the sale of your personal data under California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, or Virginia law does not mean that you will no longer receive ads when you visit SpanishDictionary.com Services, including some interest-based ads. Furthermore, should you choose to opt out, you may continue to receive targeted advertisements based upon personal information that either predated your opt-out selection by more than 90 days or was collected from external sources from which you have not opted out. We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal data, which may include, for example, social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership. If you send or disclose any sensitive personal data to us, you consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data, you must not send us such content. SpanishDictionary.com is the world's most popular Spanish-English dictionary, translation, and learning website. FEATURES ABOUT SOCIAL NETWORKS APPS Making educational experiences better for everyone. Immersive learning for 25 languages Marketplace for millions of educator-created resources Fast, easy, reliable language certification Fun educational games for kids Comprehensive K-12 personalized learning Trusted tutors for 300+ subjects 35,000+ worksheets, games, and lesson plans Adaptive learning for English vocabulary Copyright © Curiosity Media, Inc., a division of IXL Learning • All Rights Reserved.