Search Change your Location Change Privacy  McDonald’s Global Customer Privacy Statement Last updated: October 17, 2023 This Privacy Statement describes how McDonald’s in the countries listed below – collect, use, protect and share the personal information of our customers. Customers include those who visit our restaurants, use our websites and mobile apps, and otherwise interact with us. Some of the countries in which we operate have laws that require us to share specific privacy information with our customers in those countries. As such, this Privacy Statement is comprised of two sections – a globally applicable statement and country-specific addenda for the following countries: The data controller of your personal information is the McDonald’s entity in the jurisdiction where your personal information is collected (“we” or “us”). Please refer to the applicable country specific addendum for more information. Many of our restaurants are owned and operated by franchisees, who are independent businessmen and women. This Privacy Statement does not apply to our franchisees or to websites or mobile apps that they operate. Please reference our franchisees’ privacy notices for information on how they collect and use customer information. 1. Information we collect You may provide the following information to us, depending on how you interact with us: We may use automated technology to collect information from your computer system or mobile device when you visit our restaurants, use our online services, or in-restaurant technology. Automated technology may include cookies, local shared objects, and web beacons. There is more information below about cookies and other technologies in Section 6. We may collect information about your: Our online services and in-restaurant technology may collect information about the exact location of your mobile device or computer using geolocation and technology such as GPS, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, or cell tower proximity. For most mobile devices and computer systems, you can disable the collection of this information by using the device or web-browser settings. If you have any questions about how to prevent us from collecting exact information about your location, we recommend you contact your mobile-device service provider, the device manufacturer, or your web-browser provider. Some online services and in-restaurant technology may not work properly without information about your location. We may collect information about you from our business partners and vendors (e.g., food delivery platforms, data providers, or payment processors) or from public sources (e.g., your public social media posts). We use the information we collect for the following purposes: We may use the information we collect about you in other ways, which we will tell you about at the time we collect it or before we begin using it for those other purposes. If we are established in the EU or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or are otherwise subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), we process your personal information on the basis of We do not sell your personal information and only share your information as described in this Privacy Statement or as otherwise communicated to you at the time we collect your information. Please note that some US state statutes may define a “sale” to include sharing of personal information with third parties for valuable consideration. Many companies have common arrangements with online advertising networks and analytics companies that may potentially be considered sales under these definitions. Please reference our Additional Notice for California Consumers in the US Country Specific Addendum (below) for more information. We may share your personal information with: We understand how important it is to protect your privacy when you use our online services. We are especially committed to protecting the privacy of children who visit or use our online services. For more information on how a specific country protects children’s privacy, please review the country specific addendum. We urge parents to regularly monitor and supervise their children's online activities. If you have any questions about our children’s privacy practices, please contact us at our Global or Local Data Protection Office using the contact information provided below. If you are contacting a Local Data Protection Office, please choose the office in the country in which you are a customer. If you are subscribed to our marketing communications, you can later opt out by following the opt-out instructions in the marketing communications we send you. You can also generally find your communication preferences with instructions on how to opt out in the profile section of the online services that you use. You may also have the ability to change your communication preferences using your device settings. You can also opt out by contacting us at our Global or Local Data Protection Office using the contact information provided below. If you are contacting a Local Data Protection Office, please choose the office in the country in which you are a customer. If you do opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may still send communications to you about your transactions, any accounts you have with us, and any contests, competitions, prize draws or sweepstakes you have entered. Opting out of one form of communication does not mean you have opted out of other forms as well. For example, if you opt out of receiving marketing emails, you may still receive marketing text messages if you have opted in to receiving them. Please note that if you are receiving communications from a McDonald’s franchisee, then you will need to opt out from them directly. We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, unless you give us permission to do so. When we give you notice, and you consent, we will share your personal information as you direct us to. Under applicable law, you may have the rights (under the conditions and to the extent set out in applicable law): For more information regarding these rights, and the countries where these rights are available, please refer to the country specific addendum. We and our vendors may use cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies on our online services and in other areas related to our business, such as online advertising, to collect information and provide you with the services or products that you have requested. A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed onto an Internet user’s web browser or device and is used to remember and/or obtain information about the user. A “web beacon” is a small object or image that is embedded into a web page, application, or email and is used to track activity. They are also sometimes referred to as pixels and tags. Please note the following: Both we and selected third parties (such as our advertising networks) may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities, over time and across third-party websites and devices, and when using our online services to further personalize your experience with us. Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Select the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features available on a website. Some newer web browsers may have a "Do Not Track" preference that transmits a "Do Not Track" header to the websites you visit with information indicating that you do not want your activity to be tracked. McDonald’s does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created. More information regarding how cookies and related technologies are used in a country in which you are a customer may be available in the country-specific addendum or a cookie preferences section of the online service. When you use our online services, we (and our vendors) may collect information about your activities so that we can provide you with advertising tailored to your interests. Because we utilize advertising (“ad”) networks, you may notice certain ads on other websites. Ad networks allow us to target the information we send you based on your interests, other information related to you, and contextual means. These ad networks track your online activities over time by collecting information through use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. The ad networks use this information to show you advertisements that may be of particular interest to you. The ad networks we utilize may collect information about your visits to websites that also take part in the relevant ad network, such as the pages or advertisements you view and how you use the websites. We use this information, both on our online services and on third-party websites that take part in the ad networks, to provide you with advertising tailored to you, and to help us assess how effective our marketing is. Our online services may offer links to websites that are not run by us but by third parties. If you visit one of these linked websites, you should read the website’s privacy policy, terms and conditions, and their other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of third parties. Any information you give to those organizations is dealt with under their privacy policy, terms and conditions, and other policies. We may also have providers of other apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins (“Plug-Ins”) on our online services, such as Facebook “Like” buttons, which may also use automated methods to collect information about how you use these features. These organizations may use your information in line with their own privacy policies. Please refer to the country-specific addendum for further information on your choices concerning such Plug-Ins. We are committed to taking appropriate measures designed to keep your personal information secure. Our technical, organizational and physical measures are designed to protect personal information from accidental, unlawful or unauthorized loss, access, disclosure, use, alteration, or destruction. While we make efforts to protect our information systems, no website, mobile application, computer system, or transmission of information over the internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We keep your information for the length of time needed to carry out the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement and to adhere to our policies on keeping records (unless a longer period is needed by law). Our records policies reflect applicable laws. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to manage your relationship with us, personalize and improve your overall customer experience, and to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws), resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this Statement. The McDonald’s Family is global in nature with business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders. As such, we may share information about you within the McDonald’s Family and transfer it to countries in the world where our vendors or members of the McDonald’s Family are established. Any international data transfers will be in accordance with this Privacy Statement and in compliance with applicable laws. If we are established in EU/EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, or are otherwise subject to the GDPR or similar laws, we only transfer your personal information to countries that are considered by those laws to provide an adequate level of protection or otherwise where we have established or confirmed that all data recipients will provide an adequate level of data protection, in particular by way of entering into appropriate data transfer agreements based on Standard Contractual Clauses (e.g., Commission Implementing Decision (EU) 2021/914) and other suitable measures, which are accessible from us upon request. McDonald’s Corporation and McDonald’s Global Markets LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary, participate in and comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“EU-U.S. DPF”), the UK Extension of the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (“Swiss-U.S. DPF”) (collectively, “DPF”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from European Union member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland. For purposes of this DPF section only, McDonald’s Corporation and McDonald’s Global Markets LLC are each individually and collectively referred as “McDonald’s Global.” McDonald’s Global’s participation in the DPF subjects it to the investigatory and enforcement power of the Federal Trade Commission. McDonald’s Global privacy practices are provided in this Privacy Statement. McDonald’s Global encourages you to contact it at any time as specified in the Contact Us section below with questions, concerns or complaints about its privacy practices and participation in the DPF. You may also refer a complaint to your local data protection authority and McDonald’s Global will work with them to resolve your concern. Please note that the foregoing processes apply only to the resolution of disputes regarding personal information received by McDonald’s Global under the DPF. All other disputes that you may have with McDonald’s Global or any other members of the McDonald’s Family, or any agents, representatives, agencies, officers, directors, or employees, must be resolved in accordance with the terms and conditions of any applicable websites, mobile apps, email newsletters, email subscriptions or other digital properties owned or controlled by a member of the McDonald’s Family. This Privacy Statement is in effect as of the date noted at the top of the statement. We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we do, we will post the revised version here and change the “last updated date” (the date it applies from) at the top of the statement and/or contact you directly where we deem appropriate to do so under applicable law. You should check here regularly for the most up-to-date version of the statement. In line with our Standards of Business Conduct, we hold ourselves to ethical standards when it comes to data privacy and protection and we welcome any feedback or questions you may have concerning the collection and processing of your personal data. Our contact details and those of our Local Data Protection Offices as well as the contact details of our data protection officer, if appointed, can be found in the country specific addendum. United States Last updated: July 1, 2023 McDonald’s USA is committed to protecting the information of our customers. The below is meant to provide additional information regarding our privacy practices in the United States. We do not knowingly collect personal information through our online services from children under the age of 13. We may offer certain features on our online services, such as games, coloring activities, and digital books, that children can use without providing any personal information. In the future, should we decide to collect personal information from children under 13 through our online services, we will do so in compliance with applicable law, including any notices to and obtaining any consents from parents or guardians that are required by law. We urge parents to regularly monitor and supervise their children's online activities. If you have any questions about our children’s privacy practices, please contact us at: McDonald’s collects personal information in connection with providing the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program to consumers. This includes the following categories of personal information: Identifiers Personal information described in Cal. Civil Code § 1798.80(e) Commercial information Internet or other electronic network information Geolocation data Inferences McDonald’s may share this personal information with the categories of third parties listed in “How we share the information we collect.” We do not disclose personal information collected in connection with the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program to data brokers. We may disclose certain identifiers such as email addresses and pseudonymized identifiers, information about the use of our websites and apps, and inferences drawn about you to our social media, advertising and analytics partners. Under certain state laws, this may be considered a sale of personal information for consideration. We may also process and share this information for targeted advertising. McDonald’s benefits financially from the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program through increased customer loyalty and sales, but we do not assign an independent monetary value to the personal information we collect in connection with the program. Further, the precise value each MyMcDonald’s Rewards member receives from the program can vary greatly by individual, and depends on (without limitation) (a) the number of dollars spent and points accumulated, (b) the rewards redeemed, (c) whether someone is a regular or occasional customer of McDonald’s, and (d) whether participants elect to collect points for in-restaurant purchases. Some benefits to participants may also be intangible, such as the ability to streamline the ordering and/or payment process. In general, however, McDonald’s estimates in good faith that the value of the personal information that McDonald’s collects through the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program would be less than the value that the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program provides to consumers. To the extent McDonald’s calculates the value of the personal information it collects through MyMcDonald’s Rewards, it does so in good faith based on the expenses related to the collection and retention of personal information in connection with the program. You are given the choice to opt in to the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program when you set up a MyMcDonald’s account. You may also opt in at any time in your profile settings in the McDonald’s app under “MyMcDonald’s Rewards”. You may withdraw from the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program at any time in your profile settings in the McDonald’s app under “MyMcDonald’s Rewards”. Please note that by withdrawing from MyMcDonald’s Rewards, you will no longer have access to MyMcDonald’s Rewards, but you can otherwise continue to use the McDonald’s app. All points and rewards you have earned until the time of withdrawal will no longer be available. If you request that McDonald’s delete your personal information, then the points and rewards you have earned will no longer be available because we will no longer be able to associate you with those points and rewards. If you are a registered user of online services under the age of 18, and we have actual knowledge of your age, then under California law you may request and obtain removal of certain content or information you have posted on our online services. To do so, please contact us at the address, phone number or email address below. Please note that removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content. For example, removal may not be possible or permitted if another provision of law requires the content to be maintained, if it was posted or reposted by others, or if we paid compensation to you in exchange for the posting. This part of our Privacy Statement applies to consumers who reside in the states of Connecticut, Colorado, Utah and Virginia. Targeted Advertising. Privacy Rights. Right of Access: Right of Correction: Right of Deletion If your rights request is denied, applicable law may give you a right to lodge an appeal with us. The response to your rights request will inform you of any appeal rights you may have, and tell you how you can exercise them. This part of our Privacy Statement applies to consumers who reside in the State of California. The business purposes for which we may use personal information about California consumers include: We may also use the information we collect for our own or our service providers’ other operational purposes, purposes for which we provide you additional notice, purposes disclosed elsewhere in this Privacy Statement, or for purposes compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. We may de-identify personal information about you or receive de-identified personal information about you, and we may use and disclose such information for any purpose in accordance with applicable law. We will maintain de-identified information in de-identified form, and will not re-identify such information, except in accordance with the requirements of applicable law. As is common practice among businesses that operate Internet websites and mobile apps, within the past 12 months, we may have shared certain identifiers such as email addresses and pseudonymized identifiers, information about the use of our websites and apps, and inferences drawn about you to our social media, advertising, and analytics partners. Under certain state laws, this may be considered to be a sale of personal information for consideration and/or the “sharing” of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. We do not disclose personal information of individuals we know to be under the age of 16 to other businesses or third parties for consideration or for cross-context behavioral advertising. If you are a California resident, you have the following rights. We will honor requests received to the extent required by applicable law and within the time provided by law. a. Right to Access, Right to Correction, and Right to Deletion For requests made in connection with the Right of Access, Right to Know, Right to Correct, and/or Right of Deletion, please note: b. Right to Opt Out of Sales or Sharing. Additionally, McDonald’s will process opt-out requests submitted by a consumer’s opt-out preference signal as required by applicable law. The technical specifications of a consumer’s opt-out preference signal determine how we process such signals. For example, if a consumer installs opt-out preference technology on a browser, and the opt-out preference signal it sends is associated solely with a user’s browser, the opt-out will be applied to the browser. As of the “Last Updated” date of this Privacy Statement, our processing of opt-out preference signals can be considered “frictionless” under California law. c. Sensitive Personal Information. McDonald’s does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes that, under applicable law, require us to offer consumers a “Right to Limit” the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information. c. Sensitive Personal Information. d. Right to Non-Discrimination. We may not discriminate against you because of your exercise of any of the foregoing privacy rights, or any other rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, including by: d. Right to Non-Discrimination. We may, however, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to McDonald's by your personal information. You may request to exercise these rights by: As required or permitted under applicable law, please note that we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. We may limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law. The following metrics relate to our handling of California rights requests in the period from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2022. Right to Know/Access Right to Delete Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing There were no instances of partial completion by McDonald’s. *Requests may not be completed due to factors such as inability to verify the identity of the requestor, or because no personal information was found. You may designate an authorized agent to request any of the above rights on your behalf. You may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission, signed by you, to act on your behalf. Your agent may contact us as set forth below in “How to Contact McDonald’s USA” to make a request on your behalf. Even if you choose to use an agent, as permitted by law, we may require verification of the agent’s authorization to act on your behalf, require you to confirm you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf, or require you to verify your own identity. If you have privacy questions specific to McDonald’s USA, you can reach us at: About Us Services Community Contact Us © 2017 - 2023 McDonald's. All Rights Reserved close Leaving McDonald's Web Site You are leaving McDonald’s to visit a site not hosted by McDonald’s. Please review the third-party’s privacy policy, accessibility policy, and terms. McDonald’s is not responsible for the content provided by third-party sites. No, Cancel Yes, Continue close Leaving McDonald's Web Site You are leaving McDonald’s to visit a site not hosted by McDonald’s. Please review the third-party’s privacy policy, accessibility policy, and terms. McDonald’s is not responsible for the content provided by third-party sites. You are leaving McDonald’s to visit a site not hosted by McDonald’s. Please review the third-party’s privacy policy, accessibility policy, and terms. McDonald’s is not responsible for the content provided by third-party sites. No, Cancel Earn points on delivery or pickup via the app Select a delivery partner to continue Or, please select your McDelivery option Delivery From You are leaving McDonald’s to visit a site not hosted by McDonald’s. Please review the third-party’s privacy policy, accessibility policy, and terms. McDonald’s is not responsible for the content provided by third-party sites. Read More Select a delivery partner to continue Or, please select your McDelivery option Delivery From