The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. This service is only available to users of a certain age. Spidering or crawling is not allowed. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. There is a date of the last update of the terms. You waive your right to a class action.. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify. Third parties may be involved in operating the service. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. The court of law governing the terms is in Illinois, USA.. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. You have the right to leave this service at any time. You cannot opt out of promotional communications. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service