Search Change your Location Change Terms and Conditions for McDonald’s Online Services (USA)  Effective: October 20, 2023 limitations on McDonald’s liability and other provisions that affect your legal rights. By installing, accessing or using any websites, mobile apps, email newsletters and subscriptions, and other digital properties on which these terms are posted or referenced (together, “online services”), you are entering into a binding agreement with McDonald’s USA, LLC (“McDonald’s”, “we” or “us”), which controls and operates the online services from its headquarters at 110 North Carpenter Street, Chicago, Illinois 60607. In addition to terms that apply generally to the online services, these terms contain sections applicable to the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program, McDonald’s Text Messaging program, and the McDonald’s Delivery program that apply only with regard to your participation in those programs. The terms for these programs may vary from the terms applicable to the online services generally. By accepting these terms, you understand and agree that, as stated in Section 9, you are waiving your right to resolve any dispute through other processes that could be available to you, such as court actions or administrative proceedings. It also means that you are waiving your rights to a trial by jury or to combine your dispute with others in a class action. The online services are not intended to be used by, or targeted to, anyone under the age of 13 years old. You must be at least 13 years old to use the online services. McDonald's products and services are available in many parts of the world. However, the online services may describe products and services that are not available worldwide. Whenever you use the online services, you must obey the rules of the road and all applicable rules and regulations. You must not use the online services while driving or while behind the wheel or controls of a vehicle that is moving or not in “park”. In the interest of safety at all times, you should only use the online services when it is lawful and safe to do so. . You must not use the online services while driving or while behind the wheel or controls of a vehicle that is moving or not in “park”. You are responsible for any devices, software and services needed to use the online services. McDonald’s does not guarantee that the online services will fully function on any particular device or with any particular software. You are also responsible for any messaging and data charges, fees, and taxes for your use of the online services, including when we communicate with you by text, email, or other means that you choose. You may only use the online services with devices that you own or control and using only the authorized operating system (e.g., Apple iPhone OS for Apple devices). If you create an online services account, you are responsible for keeping the account secure and for all activity under the account. You can only use one online services account and must keep your account information accurate at all times. An email may be required to create an online services account. You are not permitted to register multiple accounts under multiple email addresses. You understand and consent that (with or without notice) McDonald’s may update, modify, or terminate the online services (or your access to them) from time to time, including by pushing updates to (or removing functionality or access from) any McDonald’s mobile app that you have installed on your device. If you are not satisfied with the online services following such changes, your sole remedy is to discontinue use of those online services. McDonald's may also update these terms at any time and at its sole discretion. If McDonald’s makes material changes to the terms, we will notify you by reasonable means. In addition, McDonald’s will post the new terms in the online service. Please review these terms from time to time to view any changes. If you do not agree to the changed terms, then you must immediately stop using the online services and request that McDonald’s close any online services account that you have created. To close your account, you can visit ‘your profile’ and select ‘delete account’. While McDonald’s operates and controls the online services, it is not responsible for the operation of most restaurants. Most restaurants are instead owned and operated by independent franchisees of McDonald’s and some are operated by McDonald’s subsidiaries (such franchisees and subsidiaries are together, “restaurants”). Each restaurant is solely and independently responsible for its legal and regulatory compliance, for any issues relating to the supply of the products to you, and for any employment related matters in the restaurant. McDonald's and all restaurants are equal opportunity employers committed to diverse workforces. The online services may provide links to job opportunities posted by McDonald’s or restaurants. These opportunities are with the restaurant alone and not with McDonald’s or its parent company (McDonald’s Corporation). This means that the restaurant that posted the opportunity is alone responsible for setting the job requirements, all hiring decisions, and all other employment related matters in its business. Neither McDonald’s nor its parent company receives a copy of any application you submit to a restaurant that is a franchisee, neither controls whether you receive an interview or are hired, and neither controls franchisees’ employment policies and practices. Neither McDonald’s nor its parent company employs independent franchisees. If you are hired by a restaurant that is a franchisee, only that franchisee, and not McDonald’s or its parent company (McDonald’s Corporation), will be your employer. The purpose of ordering (including MOP) is to provide customers with a convenient way of building orders for products in advance and submitting their orders to a participating restaurant. You must register an online services account in order to use ordering (including MOP). Before you submit an order, you must register a credit card or debit card (either one, a “payment card”) or another payment method that McDonald’s supports to use with your orders. Not all restaurants may choose to make their products available via ordering. Please note MOP may not be available in all geographic areas or through all online services that McDonald’s provides. You may need to enable location services on your device in order for ordering to function properly. McDonald’s and the restaurants use third party payment services providers to securely store your payment card information and process your payments to restaurants. You understand and agree that, when you register a payment card, McDonald’s or its third party payment services providers may verify that the payment card you registered is valid, including by authorizing a low-value, temporary charge. You are able to update your saved payment method information if there are changes to that information (e.g., as a result of a re-issued card with new account numbers and expiration date). Alternatively, McDonald’s and its third party payment services providers may obtain updated payment method information from your bank or financial services institution provided you have authorized your bank or financial services institution to provide this updated information. You also understand and agree that when you use ordering to make a purchase from a restaurant, that restaurant will be the merchant of record. Restaurants may require information other than your order code to verify your purchase. You represent and warrant that you are of sufficient age and have all legal rights to use all payment methods you register. When you use ordering (including MOP), you submit orders directly to a participating restaurant and the contract for supplying the products will be between you and the restaurant that accepts your order. The restaurant where you collect your products is responsible for preparing the products and providing them to you. You further understand and agree that you are purchasing directly from restaurants (and not McDonald’s or any other Members of the McDonald’s System, as defined below) and that neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility arising out of or related to any products that you purchase from restaurants using ordering. McDonald’s Corporation (which is McDonald’s parent company), its subsidiaries, affiliates, their franchisees, agents, representatives, and agencies and their officers, directors, and employees are together, “Members of the McDonald’s System”. All products are subject to availability at the restaurant where you collect your order. Some restaurants do not sell all products. Images of products and packaging on the online services are examples only and may not be identical to the product or packaging you receive from a restaurant. Differences may be due to your device’s display of colors or factors such as the ingredients used, the supplier, the region of the country, and the season of the year. Each restaurant independently determines its own prices and independently applies any additional taxes and fees as required by law. Certain offers and pricing may not be available for all orders at all locations. In the event you discover an error in the price of a product charged to you, please contact the restaurant where you purchased the product to seek a refund of the difference. You can use ordering to build your order and send it to a participating restaurant that you select. Payment is charged when you select ‘Pay & Place Order’. Orders made must be collected in person from the restaurant. When you select ‘Pay & Place Order’ you authorize the restaurant to process your order total. The restaurant’s payment service provider will process your order total amount to the payment method you selected when you built your order. Orders must be collected in person from the restaurant you selected when placing your order. You own the products after you have collected them. You have the ability to update or abandon your order at any time prior to selecting ‘Pay & Place Order’. If you desire to seek a refund for any reason after you select ’Pay & Place Order’, including if the products are unsatisfactory or other reasons, please contact the restaurant where you purchased the product. The decision regarding how to resolve any refund request is in the discretion of the restaurant where you purchased the product (excluding delivery). Your legal rights in this respect are not affected by anything in these terms. You have the possibility of receiving deals through the online services. The following general terms apply to the deals: Any and all rights in the online services are and shall remain the exclusive property of McDonald’s or its licensors. For purposes of clarity, “online services” includes any and all content on the online services, such as, but not limited to, text, images, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, software, trademarks, service marks, trade dress, audio, video, data and other materials (together, “content”) as well as any part of the online services any features and functionality provided by third parties, and in which those third parties own certain intellectual property rights. Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility arising from or related to any such third-party features or functionality. The online services are licensed, not sold, to you. Nothing in these terms intends to transfer any such rights to, or to vest any such rights in, you. You may not take any action to jeopardize, limit or interfere with McDonald’s or its licensors’ rights. Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility arising from or related to any such third-party features or functionality Subject to these terms, you are granted a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable and revocable license to use the online services solely for your own personal, non-commercial purposes and solely in accordance with these terms. For purposes of clarity, “Use” includes a license to access, interact with, and display the online services. No licenses or rights are granted to you by implication or otherwise, except for the licenses and rights these terms expressly grant to you, McDonald’s or its licensors reserve all other rights. Trademarks, service marks, and all graphical elements, including the look and feel appearing on the online services, are distinctive and protected trademarks or trade dress of McDonald’s or its licensors. The online services may also contain various third-party names, trademarks, and service marks that are the property of their respective owners. Some online services may allow you to send comments, remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics, photographs, questions, complaints or other information posted or communicated to McDonald’s through the online services (together, “submissions”). You understand that by submitting any submissions to McDonald’s through the online services, you grant McDonald's a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, sublicense to others, modify, translate, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, and publicly perform the submissions, including to use them for any commercial or other purpose whatsoever without approval from or compensation, notice or attribution to you or any other person. McDonald’s will not be required to treat any submissions as confidential. You expressly waive any and all claims against McDonald’s and all other Members of the McDonald’s System in connection with McDonald’s consideration, use or development of any product, design, concept or other materials similar or identical to your submission. McDonald’s will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”). If you believe that your copyrighted work is infringed by content appearing on the online services, please provide a written DMCA notice to McDonald’s at: Please include the following information in your notice to us, along with your full name, address, telephone number and email address: With respect to the online services (which includes content) or any portion thereof, you may not, and may not allow third parties, to: Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System shall be liable for any direct or indirect lost profits or lost business damage, special, indirect, consequential, exemplary or incidental damages, including lost data, personal injury or property damage related to or arising out of the online services or out of the acts or omissions of Members of the McDonald’s System whether arising out of contract, tort or ordinary negligence. Nothing in this section is intended to limit McDonald’s liability for damages to the extent caused by McDonald’s own gross negligence or intentional or unlawful misconduct. Additionally, nothing in this section is intended to limit or alter your rights as a consumer that cannot be limited or altered under applicable law. McDonald’s reserves all legal rights to recover damages or other compensation under these terms or as allowed by law. Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System shall be liable for any direct or indirect lost profits or lost business damage, special, indirect, consequential, exemplary or incidental damages, including lost data, personal injury or property damage related to or arising out of the online services or out of the acts or omissions of Members of the McDonald’s System whether arising out of contract, tort or ordinary negligence. Nothing in this section is intended to limit McDonald’s liability for damages to the extent caused by McDonald’s own gross negligence or intentional or unlawful misconduct. Additionally, nothing in this section is intended to limit or alter your rights as a consumer that cannot be limited or altered under applicable law. The online services may include inaccuracies or errors. McDonald’s provides the online services “as is” and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. McDonald’s disclaims all warranties of merchantability and fitness or a particular purpose. McDonald’s does not warrant or make any representation that the online services will be accurate, reliable, uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the online services are free of viruses or other harmful components. You assume total responsibility related to your use of the online services. Your sole remedy against McDonald’s and all other Members of the McDonald’s System for dissatisfaction with the online services is to stop using them. This limitation of relief is a part of the bargain between the parties. These warranty exclusions may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law does not allow the exclusion of implied warranties. McDonald’s provides the online services “as is” and without warranties of any kind either expressed or implied. McDonald’s disclaims all warranties of merchantability and fitness or a particular purpose. McDonald’s does not warrant or make any representation that the online services will be accurate, reliable, uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the online services are free of viruses or other harmful components. You assume total responsibility related to your use of the online services. Your sole remedy against McDonald’s and all other Members of the McDonald’s System for dissatisfaction with the online services is to stop using them. This limitation of relief is a part of the bargain between the parties. These warranty exclusions may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law does not allow the exclusion of implied warranties. The online services may link to or allow you to use third-party websites, downloadable materials, content, social networks, or other digital services (together, “third party services”). These third parties may have their separate terms and conditions or privacy policies that you should review and understand before using them. McDonald’s does not endorse and is not associated with any of these third-party services. Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility arising from or related to these third-party services. Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility arising from or related to these third-party services. We may permit you to login to the online services using an account from a third party service such as Apple ID, Google+ or other social networking platforms in place of creating a new account specifically for the Online Services. McDonald’s has no control over, makes no representations or warranties whatsoever about any of the third party services that you may access, is not responsible for the availability of such third party services, and does not endorse nor is responsible or liable for any content or other materials on or available from such third party services. Your use of the third-party services may be subject to additional terms, including software license terms, from those third parties. Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility for McDonald’s failure to perform any of its obligations under these terms cause by or related to any event beyond McDonald’s reasonable control. If such an event occurs, then McDonald’s obligations under these terms will be suspended for the duration of the event; and McDonald’s may, but is not required to, use reasonable endeavors to find a solution by which its obligations under these terms may be performed despite the event. Neither McDonald’s nor any other Members of the McDonald’s System have any responsibility for McDonald’s failure to perform any of its obligations under these terms cause by or related to any event beyond McDonald’s reasonable control. You agree that: 1,000 followed the procedures set forth in subsections 3 and 4 above and If litigation ensues for any reason, Further, neither you nor McDonald’s shall be precluded from seeking remedies in small claims court for disputes or claims within the scope of its jurisdiction. If the mobile application that you have purchased does not conform to any warranty applying to it, you may notify Apple or Google, which may refund the purchase price of the mobile application to you subject to then-current Platform Terms. Subject to that, and to the maximum extent permitted by law, neither Apple nor Google give or enter into any warranty, condition or other term in relation to the mobile application and will not be liable to you for any claims, losses, costs or expenses of whatever nature in relation to the mobile application or as a result of you or anyone else using the mobile application or relying on any of its content. Apple and Google shall be intended third-party beneficiaries of this section. In certain geographical areas, McDonald’s makes available its MyMcDonald’s Rewards program (“MyMcDonald’s Rewards”, or the “program”). If you are within those geographical areas, the program may be displayed to you. You understand and acknowledge that you have already agreed to the online services terms when you registered and logged into your online services account. Although the program terms are intended to supplement and not to change the online services terms, in the event of a conflict between the program terms and online services terms that relates to the program itself, the program terms will control. In the event of any other conflict between the program terms and the online services terms, the online services terms will control. Important MyMcDonald’s Rewards is only open to you if you meet the age requirements for the online services. In order to join MyMcDonald’s Rewards, you must register an online services account. When you use the online services outside of the geographical area of the program, neither the program nor any points you accumulated in the program will be available to you. Once enrolled in the program, when you identify your online services account at the time of purchase, you will earn 100 points for every $1 U.S. dollar spent on qualifying purchases. You can identify your online services account at the time of purchase by any way that we recognize, such as: (a) making a purchase using the Mobile Order & Pay feature of the mobile app, (b) scanning a QR code at a register or kiosk, or (c) giving the code displayed in your account to the restaurant crew person who is taking your order. If you don’t properly identify your online services account before you complete your qualifying purchase, a manual adjustment can be made to add the points to your account for up to seven (7) days from the actual purchase date. As long as you ordered at a restaurant that participates in MyMcDonald’s Rewards, you can use your receipt from the restaurant to get missing points in the McDonald’s app. A “qualifying purchase” means using the online services to purchase eligible products from a participating restaurant in a manner that properly identifies you as described above. Qualifying purchases where an active reward, mobile offer, or promotional offer is redeemed will accrue points, but you will only accrue points for U.S. dollars actually spent in the transaction. Further, the following are not considered qualifying purchases and will not accrue points: (a) taxes, bag and bottle fees, and other surcharges or fees, and (b) loading any money on a McDonald’s Arch card (gift card), but when a McDonald’s Arch card is used to make a qualifying purchase, you will accrue points. You can check your points balance in your online services account using the McDonald’s app. Points that you earn may not always immediately post to your account. You are responsible to ensure points from your qualifying purchases are correct. If you believe points from your qualifying purchase were incorrectly calculated, you must notify McDonald’s within six (6) months of the qualifying purchase by providing your receipt to McDonald’s Customer Care. McDonald’s has the sole discretion to determine points in your account and McDonald’s has no liability for any delay or failure to correctly credit points to your account. You can exchange your points for rewards for free products on the Rewards Menu (each a “reward”), which you can then use at participating restaurants. You must use the McDonald’s app or other online services in order to exchange your points for rewards. If you have enough points for a reward, the reward will be unlocked in the online services and be available for a points exchange. Potential rewards for which you don’t have enough points may be displayed but locked. Once you select a reward and exchange your points for it, the number of points for that reward will be temporarily deducted from your account and the reward will be displayed in your account. The reward will temporarily remain in your account until you redeem it for a product, and if you do not, it will be converted back to points. When you redeem the reward for which you exchanged points, the points will be permanently deducted from your account and will not be refunded to your account for any reason, even if your order is cancelled. You cannot exchange points for more than one reward at a time. When you redeem your reward for a product, you are obtaining that product directly from the participating restaurant, not from other Members of the McDonald’s System. From time to time, McDonald’s may offer new and different ways for you to earn and redeem points, including bonus campaigns or points accelerators. McDonald’s has the sole discretion to offer, change and terminate the different ways to earn and redeem points, including for example, the points associated with bonus campaigns and accelerators. Sometimes earning and redeeming points may be subject to additional terms disclosed at the time of the offer. McDonald’s publishes eligible rewards in the online services and identifies how many points are required for each reward. The Rewards Menu may have multiple reward levels and multiple rewards on each level, which can change from time to time. McDonald’s makes no promise of the continued availability of any reward, even if it is displayed to you in the online services. Rewards are available until supplies last at participating restaurants and may be modified, changed and discontinued at any time. Points expire on the first (1st) day of the month after the sixth (6th) month from the date such points were earned. Points will be maintained in your online services account until you exchange your points for a reward, or until they expire, whichever occurs first. If McDonald’s terminates the program, any unused points in your account will expire and be void when the program is terminated. Upon termination of your online services account for any reason (including, but not limited to, whether you choose to close your account or McDonald’s terminates your account for a violation of these terms), all points that you have accumulated in MyMcDonald’s Rewards will immediately expire. By opting out of the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program, all points and rewards you have earned until now will no longer be available. McDonald’s has the discretion to invalidate or void points from your online services account, or to suspend or terminate your account (both now and in the future), if McDonald’s believes you improperly obtained points, abused the program or otherwise violated these terms. In that event, you forfeit any points you have accumulated (including properly obtained points) and you forfeit your right to earn points in the future. McDonald’s has the sole discretion to determine your compliance with these terms. McDonald’s determination is final. Points are not property and you have no vested right or interest in points. Points have no cash value. Points are not assignable or transferrable between online services accounts or otherwise, and points cannot be combined across accounts, regardless of who registered the account. MyMcDonald’s Rewards can change from time to time, so be sure to continue to refer to these terms for the latest details and news. We are also constantly improving the program and we may have exciting new offers. McDonald’s reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to cancel, change, modify or discontinue MyMcDonald’s Rewards, in whole or in part, including any terms, rules, features, benefits, rewards, conditions of participation, points accruing or accumulation ratio, the points redemption policy, the points expiration policy, or any other aspect of the program at any time, and such changes may affect points and rewards already in your account. We will post any changes to the program terms to the online services so that you can review the current terms at any time. McDonald’s may make changes to any element of the program to correct for typographical, printing or other errors and you waive any rights relating to same. Any changes will become effective immediately upon posting the revisions. At all times, you are solely responsible for remaining knowledgeable about and in compliance with these terms. All rewards offered via the program are subject to availability. Some participating restaurants do not sell all products offered as rewards. Images of products and packaging of rewards are examples only and may not be identical to the product or packaging you receive from a participating restaurant. Last Updated: October 20, 2023 Important: These text messaging program terms & conditions (USA) apply only if you have opted in to a text messaging program of McDonald’s USA, LLC (“McDonald’s”) and may include both short message service (SMS) and multimedia message service (MMS) functionality. You understand and agree that McDonald’s text messaging program is considered an “online service” under the terms. McDonald’s does not charge for its text message program; however, your mobile carrier’s message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. To participate in McDonald’s text messaging program, you must have a text messaging enabled mobile device with a current text messaging plan. Please contact your mobile carrier for information about your text messaging plan. All related charges and fees are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. Your mobile carrier may impose message or charge limitations on your account that are outside our control. message and data rates may apply. Message frequency varies. Many of our restaurants are owned and operated by franchisees. These terms do not apply to any of our franchisees’ text marketing programs. If you are receiving text messages from a McDonald’s franchisee, you will need to opt out from them directly. Each franchisee is solely and independently responsible for its legal and regulatory compliance. If you need assistance, send HELP to the McDonald’s number you opted in to at any time to receive program contact information. HELP To opt into McDonald’s text messaging program, you can text the number and keyword(s) provided to begin your subscription. From time to time, McDonald’s may also provide other numbers and/or keyword(s) to opt in to additional campaigns. How to Opt-Out. To stop receiving text messages from McDonald’s text STOP to the McDonald’s number you opted in to opt out of McDonald’s text messaging program. You can also opt out by contacting us at the phone number or email address below. Opting out of one form of communication does not mean you’ve opted out of other forms as well. For example, if you opt out of receiving text messages, you may still receive marketing email messages if you’ve opted in to receiving them. Please note that if you are receiving text messages from a McDonald’s franchisee, then you will need to opt out from them directly. STOP What Keywords You Can Use. At any time during the campaign, you can text the following to us: HELP, or STOP, . From time to time, McDonald’s may also provide other keyword(s). HELP, STOP, McDonald's Delivery Program Terms (USA) In certain geographical areas, you can place a delivery order via the McDonald’s mobile app (“delivery” or “delivery program”). If you are within those geographical areas, the delivery option may be displayed to you. You understand and agree the delivery program is considered part of the “online services” under the Terms and Conditions for McDonald’s Online Services (USA) (the “online services terms”). These McDonald’s delivery program Terms (USA) (the “delivery program terms”) apply only if you participate in the delivery program. The delivery program terms are intended to supplement (not change) the online services terms. Important: You understand and acknowledge that the terms contain an , and other provisions that affect your legal rights regarding delivery program. Please carefully read and understand these terms. The purpose of the delivery program is to provide customers with a convenient way to place an order for products through the McDonald’s mobile app for delivery. To participate in the delivery program, you will need to enter your address, name, and phone number, and McDonald’s will share the information you enter with the third-party delivery provider assigned to your order, and such information will be subject to McDonald’s Privacy Statement and/or the third-party delivery provider’s privacy policy, if applicable. You will not be able to choose the restaurant or the third-party delivery provider, as each will be pre-determined for you based on a number of different factors, including the delivery address. You must register an online services account in order to use delivery. Before you submit an order for delivery, you must register a credit card or debit card (either one, a “payment card”) to be associated with your online services account, or use another payment method that McDonald’s supports to use with your orders. For payment cards that you register to use with the online services, McDonald’s and the restaurants use third party payment services providers to securely store your payment card information and process your payments to restaurants and third-party delivery providers. You understand and agree that, when you register a payment card, McDonald’s or its third-party payment services providers may verify that the payment card you registered is valid, including by authorizing a low-value temporary charge. You also understand and agree that when you use the delivery program to make a purchase from a restaurant, that restaurant will be the merchant of record. You do not make your purchase until you select ‘Place Order’, and your payment method will be charged upon selecting ‘Place Order’. You represent and warrant that you are of sufficient age and have all legal rights to use all payment methods you register. When you select ‘Place Order’ you authorize the restaurant to process your order total, which includes other applicable fees. The restaurant’s payment service provider will process your order total amount (and if updated with a tip, your updated order total amount) to the payment method you selected when you built your order. You own the products after they have been delivered to you by the third-party delivery provider. McDonald’s and the restaurants use third-party delivery providers for the delivery program. You acknowledge and agree that the third-party delivery provider is responsible for collecting the delivery order, providing the delivery services, and providing customer support for delivery orders, refunds, and complaints. Each restaurant independently determines its own prices and independently applies any additional taxes and fees as required by law. Prices for items for delivery orders may be higher than the prices for the same items for pick up. Certain offers and pricing may not be available for all orders at all locations. Item prices may be different if you switch restaurants or change how you’re getting your order. Updated order totals can result from the unavailability of certain products, changes in price, or other reasons. Delivery orders are subject to a delivery fee, service fee (calculated from pre-discounted subtotal), small order fee, and sales tax. You can earn points and redeem rewards on eligible delivery orders if you join the MyMcDonald’s Rewards program. The following are not considered qualifying purchases for delivery orders and will not accrue points: sales tax, delivery fee, service fee, small order fee, and delivery tip. If you cancel your order before a driver is assigned, you will not earn any points and any rewards redeemed will be returned as an active reward. About Us Services Community Contact Us © 2017 - 2023 McDonald's. All Rights Reserved close Leaving McDonald's Web Site You are leaving McDonald’s to visit a site not hosted by McDonald’s. Please review the third-party’s privacy policy, accessibility policy, and terms. McDonald’s is not responsible for the content provided by third-party sites. No, Cancel Yes, Continue close Leaving McDonald's Web Site You are leaving McDonald’s to visit a site not hosted by McDonald’s. Please review the third-party’s privacy policy, accessibility policy, and terms. McDonald’s is not responsible for the content provided by third-party sites. You are leaving McDonald’s to visit a site not hosted by McDonald’s. Please review the third-party’s privacy policy, accessibility policy, and terms. McDonald’s is not responsible for the content provided by third-party sites. No, Cancel Earn points on delivery or pickup via the app Select a delivery partner to continue Or, please select your McDelivery option Delivery From You are leaving McDonald’s to visit a site not hosted by McDonald’s. Please review the third-party’s privacy policy, accessibility policy, and terms. McDonald’s is not responsible for the content provided by third-party sites. Read More Select a delivery partner to continue Or, please select your McDelivery option Delivery From