Media Center Newsroom  Last update: November 27, 2023 Tripadvisor LLC owns and operates an online platform that provides users with information, recommendations and services related to travel and leisure, including tools for researching and/or booking hotels, rentals and other accommodations, attractions and experiences, restaurants, flights, and cruises, among other leisure-related services. In this Statement, we refer to these as our “Services”. The information that you and others entrust us with enhances our ability to provide more relevant, personalized and helpful Services. We know that sharing your information with us is based on trust. We take your trust in us seriously and are committed to providing you helpful information, products and services, curated based on the information you have shared with us. Equally, and perhaps more importantly, we are committed to respecting your privacy when you visit our website or use our Services and being transparent about how we use the information you have entrusted to us. This Statement describes how we obtain, use, and process your information – hopefully, in an easily understandable and transparent manner. It informs you of the rights you have, how you can exercise them and how you can contact us. Please review this Statement carefully to learn about our practices with respect to information and privacy. By visiting our websites and related mobile applications, as well as other online platforms such as our affiliated partners’ websites, apps and social media, whether on a computer, phone, tablet, or similar device (each of these is referred to as a “Device”), you acknowledge and confirm that you have read this Statement. We offer our Services to users in a number of countries and territories where the laws and customs differ. This Statement provides a general overview of our privacy practices. In addition, Sections 12 through 15 of this Statement provide specific information relevant to users residing in certain regions or countries. 1. Information Collected and Processed When you access or use our Services, we collect and process information from and about you to provide the Services in a more personalized and relevant way. Some information we collect passively, for example, with our servers or with cookies or other similar tracking technologies. Some information we collect from different sources, including from you, affiliated entities, business partners, and other independent third-party sources. When you use our Services by “clicking-through” from a third-party website or when you visit third-party websites via our Services, those third-party websites may share information with us about your use of their service. Any information that we receive from third-party websites may be combined with the information provided by you. Information processed may include the following: Contact information, including name, phone number, and postal and email addresses (both hashed and unhashed) Billing and other payment information (such as your bank account information, credit card number, cardholder name, expiration date, authentication code and billing address) Documentation to support travel and planning Username and password Details relating to your membership with Tripadvisor Photos, reviews, forum and social posts, and videos you may have provided to us Geolocation information Device information, such as when you accessed our Services and information about the Device used (for example, IP address, software or internet browser used, preferred languages, unique Device identifiers, and advertising identifiers) Online activity, including pages you have visited, content reviewed, and apps reviewed Other information about yourself that you have voluntarily disclosed Purchasing and booking history Information about your travel, experience and dining plans and preferences Communications when you contact our customer service team, including inbound and outbound calls Information that you have provided to other third party companies for the purposes of logging in to social media. This includes publicly available information, such as name, age-range as well as email addresses. We may also collect – in instances where you have provided it – information about other travellers or guests, including their email address and other travel, dining or experience-related information. If you are sharing information with us about other individuals, you must obtain their consent and ensure that they have understood and accepted how we will use their personal information (as described in this Statement). In addition to the categories noted above, we may also collect certain location information if you have instructed your Device to send such information via the privacy settings on that Device, or, for example, if you have uploaded photos tagged with location information. 1. Information Collected and Processed When you access or use our Services, we collect and process information from and about you to provide the Services in a more personalized and relevant way. Some information we collect passively, for example, with our servers or with cookies or other similar tracking technologies. Some information we collect from different sources, including from you, affiliated entities, business partners, and other independent third-party sources. When you use our Services by “clicking-through” from a third-party website or when you visit third-party websites via our Services, those third-party websites may share information with us about your use of their service. Any information that we receive from third-party websites may be combined with the information provided by you. Information processed may include the following: We may also collect – in instances where you have provided it – information about other travellers or guests, including their email address and other travel, dining or experience-related information. If you are sharing information with us about other individuals, you must obtain their consent and ensure that they have understood and accepted how we will use their personal information (as described in this Statement). In addition to the categories noted above, we may also collect certain location information if you have instructed your Device to send such information via the privacy settings on that Device, or, for example, if you have uploaded photos tagged with location information. 2. Information Uses and PurposesTo the extent possible, we want to provide you with relevant content and a tailored experience when you use our Services, and we use information about you to do that, including in the following ways: Registration, membership, and other contracts Register and manage your account, including to allow you access to and use of our Services Facilitate your bookings Process payments or credits Offer you promotional programs that may include competitions, gift cards, rewards, cash back, and discounts Improve our Services Use your information for analytical purposes and to enable us to improve our Services Provide you with a tailored/optimized experience by grouping users based on, for example, usage, interests and demographics Send you survey, market research invitations, or panel interviews for analytics purposes Individualization and customization Notify you about special offers and products or services available from us, our affiliates, or our partners that may be of interest to you Tailor your experience, including by making inferences about your interests and preferences based on your activity and customize the ads shown to you both on and off our website Communication Communicate with you or facilitate communication between you and our partners and/or affiliates Conduct, monitor and record your calls or interactions with us; for example, your communications with our customer service or sales teams, or through our use of pixels and similar technologies to monitor how you interact with our emails to you, such as whether you open or click on content in our emails Host your reviews, forum posts, photos, videos, and other content Respond to your questions and comments Legal Compliance Resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems Prevent fraud and other potentially prohibited or unlawful activities Comply with relevant laws, respond to legal requests, prevent harm, and protect our rights Provide payment services, including to detect and prevent money laundering, fraud and security incidents, to comply with legal obligations, and to enforce any applicable terms of service Please note, if we use automated decision-making to process your personal information, we will implement appropriate measures required to safeguard your rights and freedoms including your right to obtain human intervention. 2. Information Uses and Purposes To the extent possible, we want to provide you with relevant content and a tailored experience when you use our Services, and we use information about you to do that, including in the following ways: Registration, membership, and other contracts Improve our Services Individualization and customization Communication Legal Compliance Please note, if we use automated decision-making to process your personal information, we will implement appropriate measures required to safeguard your rights and freedoms including your right to obtain human intervention. 3. Information Sharing In order to provide some of our Services and processing activities, we use service providers and may need to share information with these service providers and certain other third parties, including our group of companies, in the following circumstances: Certain Device operating system versions permit you to opt out of certain types of information sharing, including to certain advertising networks. You can change the privacy settings of your Device at any time in order to turn off the functionality that collects and shares location information. Please check your Device settings if you want to limit such tracking However, turning off location-sharing may affect certain features that we offer. If you have any questions about the privacy settings of your Device, we suggest you contact the manufacturer of your Device or your mobile service provider for help. We also may share your information if we believe, in our sole discretion, that such disclosure is necessary: 4. Information Choices You have options with respect to the processing and use of your information by us. You can access, update, and even close your account by visiting the “Member Profile” section on our website or app. In addition, you can do the following: Choose the way we communicate with you. Choose not to provide us with certain information, although it may be needed to take advantage of certain features offered on our websites. Prevent the collection of certain geolocation information (e.g. by switching off location services for our app in the settings of your phone), but note that turning off location sharing may affect certain features of our Services. Close your account directly from within your Member Profile. Note that if you close your account, we will deactivate your account and remove your profile information from active view. We may retain some information associated with your account (including past transactions) for internal purposes including backups, fraud prevention, dispute resolution, investigations, our own legitimate business interests, and legal compliance for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Statement. As a registered member, you can modify your marketing subscriptions, including email subscription choices, at any time, within your member settings. Unsubscribe from promotional messages, including emails with travel-related opportunities, in any such email we send. 4. Information Choices You have options with respect to the processing and use of your information by us. You can access, update, and even close your account by visiting the “Member Profile” section on our website or app. In addition, you can do the following: 5. Information on ChildrenOur Services are not intended for children, which we consider to be: (i) individuals that are 13 years of age or under, or the age of privacy consent in your jurisdiction; or (ii) when processing data on the basis of a contract, the age of legal capacity to enter into the agreement. We will only collect or process information belonging to children under very limited circumstances. We might need to collect personal information belonging to children as part of our Service if, for example, the personal information is required as part of a travel-related reservation. We will only collect personal information belonging to children if it is provided by and with consent of a parent or guardian. If we become aware that we have processed the personal information of a child without the valid consent of a parent or guardian, we will delete the personal information. 5. Information on Children Our Services are not intended for children, which we consider to be: (i) individuals that are 13 years of age or under, or the age of privacy consent in your jurisdiction; or (ii) when processing data on the basis of a contract, the age of legal capacity to enter into the agreement. We will only collect or process information belonging to children under very limited circumstances. We might need to collect personal information belonging to children as part of our Service if, for example, the personal information is required as part of a travel-related reservation. We will only collect personal information belonging to children if it is provided by and with consent of a parent or guardian. If we become aware that we have processed the personal information of a child without the valid consent of a parent or guardian, we will delete the personal information. 6. Information TransfersWe offer our Services to users located in many different jurisdictions. If we transfer your information to other countries, we will use and protect that information as described in this Statement and in accordance with applicable law. 6. Information Transfers We offer our Services to users located in many different jurisdictions. If we transfer your information to other countries, we will use and protect that information as described in this Statement and in accordance with applicable law. 7. Information SecurityWe have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect your information. We only authorize specific personnel to access personal information and they may do so only for permitted business functions. We use encryption when transmitting your information between your system and ours, and between our system and those of the parties with whom we share information. We also employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized access to your information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of information from unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, or other circumstances outside of our control. 7. Information Security We have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect your information. We only authorize specific personnel to access personal information and they may do so only for permitted business functions. We use encryption when transmitting your information between your system and ours, and between our system and those of the parties with whom we share information. We also employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized access to your information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of information from unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, or other circumstances outside of our control. 8. Information Deletion and RetentionWe will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise, or defend any legal rights. 8. Information Deletion and Retention We will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise, or defend any legal rights. 9. Information from Cookies We want your access to our Services to be as easy, efficient, and useful as possible. To help us do this, we use cookies and similar technologies to improve your experience, to enhance website security, and to show you relevant advertising. Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed on your Device when you visit almost any website. They are stored by your internet browser and contain basic information about your internet use. Your browser sends the information from these cookies back to a website every time you revisit it, so it can recognize your Device and improve your experience by, among other things, providing you with personalized content. We also use other tracking technologies, such as pixel, SDKs, or server logs, that have a similar functionality. We also use cookies and tracking technologies to remember your login details, so you don’t have to re-enter them repeatedly when you use our Services or to help us understand your preferences. To give you control, we provide you with a Cookie Consent Tool which allows you to adjust and customize your cookie settings. You can access the Cookie Consent Tool by clicking the “Cookie consent” link at the bottom of every page and modify your preferences in our cookie banner. In addition, you can manage cookies through the settings of your internet browser. You have the right to withdraw your consent to cookies at any time by clicking on the “Cookie consent” link and modifying and saving your preferences. In the settings of your Internet browser, you can choose which cookies to accept and reject. We allow third parties to collect and use information obtained during your browsing activities in order to deliver tailored advertisements to you. These parties are listed in our Cookie Consent tool where we provide you with their details and links to their privacy notices. If you decline certain cookies, your access to some functionality and areas of our Services might be degraded or restricted. Our use of any information we collect through cookies is subject to this Statement, which is linked on every page of our website. 10. Information on Statement Changes We may update this Statement in the future. If we believe any changes are material, we will let you know by doing one or more of the following: sending you a communication about the changes, placing a notice on the website and/or posting an updated Statement on the website. We will note at the top of this Statement when it was most recently updated. We encourage you to check back from time to time to review the most current version and to periodically review this Statement for the latest information on our privacy practices. 10. Information on Statement Changes We may update this Statement in the future. If we believe any changes are material, we will let you know by doing one or more of the following: sending you a communication about the changes, placing a notice on the website and/or posting an updated Statement on the website. We will note at the top of this Statement when it was most recently updated. We encourage you to check back from time to time to review the most current version and to periodically review this Statement for the latest information on our privacy practices. 11. Contact 12. Europe and the UK General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Statement (“GDPR Statement”)This GDPR Statement applies to persons in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including those based in the United Kingdom. This GDPR Statement supplements our Statement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the GDPR Statement, the GDPR Statement will prevail as to persons located in the EEA. General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Statement (“GDPR Statement”) This GDPR Statement applies to persons in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including those based in the United Kingdom. This GDPR Statement supplements our Statement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the GDPR Statement, the GDPR Statement will prevail as to persons located in the EEA. Controller of Personal Information and Local RepresentativeTripadvisor LLC is the controller of personal information we collect; however, in accordance with applicable data privacy law, we have appointed representatives within the European Union and United Kingdom. The contact details of our European Union representative are: Tripadvisor Ireland Limited C/O Matheson 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2 D02 R296 Ireland The contact details of our United Kingdom representative are: Tripadvisor Limited 7 Soho Square London W1D 3QB United Kingdom Attn: Privacy Officer Tripadvisor Ireland Limited and Tripadvisor Limited’s roles in this respect are limited solely to being a contact point for questions on data protection from European (including UK) residents and data protection supervisory authorities. For the avoidance of doubt, neither Tripadvisor Ireland Limited nor Tripadvisor Limited can field other communications or legal process on behalf of Tripadvisor LLC. Controller of Personal Information and Local Representative Tripadvisor LLC is the controller of personal information we collect; however, in accordance with applicable data privacy law, we have appointed representatives within the European Union and United Kingdom. The contact details of our European Union representative are: Tripadvisor Ireland Limited C/O Matheson 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay Dublin 2 D02 R296 Ireland The contact details of our United Kingdom representative are: Tripadvisor Limited 7 Soho Square London W1D 3QB United Kingdom Attn: Privacy Officer Tripadvisor Ireland Limited and Tripadvisor Limited’s roles in this respect are limited solely to being a contact point for questions on data protection from European (including UK) residents and data protection supervisory authorities. For the avoidance of doubt, neither Tripadvisor Ireland Limited nor Tripadvisor Limited can field other communications or legal process on behalf of Tripadvisor LLC. Information Rights Under GDPR You have certain rights regarding your personal information. Your rights with respect to your own personal information include the following: You will not usually have to pay a fee to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights described in this Statement). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Information Uses and Legal BasisWe will only use your personal information under the circumstances permitted by the law or you. Pursuant to GDPR, we will use your personal information in one or more of the following circumstances: Information Uses Information Processing Legal Basis Registration, membership and other contracts Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. Improve our Services and customization Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) to provide or improve Services, including our interest to provide you improved and personalized Services, and where your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Communication Where you are a registered member, the information uses might be required to perform the contract with you. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) to communicate with you and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Where we need your consent for the information use, we will seek your prior consent. Legal Compliance Where it is necessary to meet our legal obligations. Information Uses and Legal Basis We will only use your personal information under the circumstances permitted by the law or you. Pursuant to GDPR, we will use your personal information in one or more of the following circumstances: Information Uses Information Processing Legal Basis Registration, membership and other contracts Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. Improve our Services and customization Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) to provide or improve Services, including our interest to provide you improved and personalized Services, and where your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Where you are a registered member, the information uses might be required to perform the contract with you. Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) to communicate with you and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests. Where we need your consent for the information use, we will seek your prior consent. Where it is necessary to meet our legal obligations. International TransfersYour personal information may be stored or transferred to countries outside the EEA and the UK for the purposes described in this Statement. When we store or transfer your personal information outside the EEA and the UK, we take the following precautions to ensure that your personal information is properly protected. Whenever we store or transfer your personal information outside the EEA and the UK, we will do so in accordance with applicable law, and we will ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by implementing appropriate safeguards. Transfers of personal information are made: to a country recognised by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection; or to a country which does not offer adequate protection but whose transfer has been governed by the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission or by implementing other appropriate cross-border transfer solutions to provide adequate protection. By using our Services, you understand that your personal information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it, as described in this Statement. International Transfers Your personal information may be stored or transferred to countries outside the EEA and the UK for the purposes described in this Statement. When we store or transfer your personal information outside the EEA and the UK, we take the following precautions to ensure that your personal information is properly protected. Whenever we store or transfer your personal information outside the EEA and the UK, we will do so in accordance with applicable law, and we will ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by implementing appropriate safeguards. Transfers of personal information are made: By using our Services, you understand that your personal information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it, as described in this Statement. 13. United States DisclosuresIn addition to the further details as described in the Statement, we make the following disclosures: We may collect, disclose, and use the following categories of personal information for our business and commercial purposes: Identifiers/Contact Information, transactional information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation, visual and audio information and inferences drawn from the above. We may collect the following categories of sensitive personal information: government identification cards such as driver’s license; precise geolocation data. We may also collect race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or religion where you voluntarily disclose it to us, including, for example, in the context of diversity and inclusivity disclosures you choose to make. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in Section 2 of this Statement. We may disclose each of these categories of personal information for the commercial and business purposes described in this Statement to the extent permitted by applicable law to the categories of third parties as described in Section 3 of this Statement. We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described in Section 1 of this Statement. We may” sell” or “share” categories of personal information, including Identifiers/Contact Information, Internet or other electronic network activity information and inferences drawn from the above. We may “sell” or “share” these categories of personal information to or with the categories of third parties described in Section 3 of this Statement. We do so for the commercial or business purposes described in Section 2. Disclosures In addition to the further details as described in the Statement, we make the following disclosures: California Privacy Statement This California Privacy Statement is provided pursuant to California laws. It applies to California residents and supplements our overall Statement with additional disclosures and rights. Your California Rights California residents are permitted one time each year to request certain details about how their personal information is shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please submit a request, or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry. California residents may also take advantage of the following rights: Multi-State Privacy Statement for Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado This Multi-State Privacy Statement is provided pursuant to applicable state laws and applies to Virginia, Connecticut, and Colorado residents, and supplements our overall Statement with additional disclosures and rights. If you are a resident of Virginia, Connecticut, or Colorado you may take advantage of the following rights in accordance with applicable law: 14. Korea Korean Privacy Laws Statement This Korea Statement applies to persons in the Republic of Korea. This Korea Statement supplements our Statement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the Korea Statement, the Korea Statement will prevail as to persons in Korea. Korean Privacy Laws Statement This Korea Statement applies to persons in the Republic of Korea. This Korea Statement supplements our Statement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the Korea Statement, the Korea Statement will prevail as to persons in Korea. Purpose and Retention of Information CollectedWe process the personal data we have collected for the purposes set forth below. We will retain your personal data in accordance with the Statement and as described in further detail below. Type of personal data Purpose and use Retention period Contact information, including email address, name, username (Mandatory) To manage user registration and the account, and to facilitate access to and use of the website/app. To host user generated content such as reviews, ratings, forum posts, etc. To facilitate reservations, including sending booking confirmations and updates. To communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the Services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems. To measure interest in and improve our products, Services and website; and to customize user experiences. To notify users about promotions and targeted marketing campaigns. To administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities. We will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights. Contact information, including postal address, telephone number (Optional) User submitted content (to the extent that it contains personally identifiable attributes) (Mandatory) To host user generated content, such as reviews, ratings, forum posts, etc. IP and/or browser/device data (Mandatory) To manage user registration and the account, and to facilitate access to and use of the website/app. To host user generated content such as reviews, ratings, forum posts, etc. To facilitate reservations, including sending booking confirmations and updates. To communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems. To measure interest in and improve our products, Services and site; and to customize user experiences. To notify users about promotions and targeted marketing campaigns. To administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems, and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities Email user subscription preferences, including unsubscribe status (Mandatory) To communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the Services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems. Session and location data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches and/or reservations facilitated or made) (Mandatory) To measure interest in and improve our products, Services and site; and to customize user experiences. To notify users about promotions and targeted marketing campaigns. To administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems and to prevent potentially prohibited, fraudulent or illegal activities. Location data (Optional) To measure interest in and improve our products, Services and site; and to customize user experiences. To notify users about promotions and targeted marketing campaigns. Purpose and Retention of Information Collected We process the personal data we have collected for the purposes set forth below. We will retain your personal data in accordance with the Statement and as described in further detail below. Type of personal data Purpose and use Retention period Contact information, including email address, name, username (Mandatory) We will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights. Contact information, including postal address, telephone number (Optional) User submitted content (to the extent that it contains personally identifiable attributes) (Mandatory) IP and/or browser/device data (Mandatory) Email user subscription preferences, including unsubscribe status (Mandatory) Session and location data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches and/or reservations facilitated or made) (Mandatory) Location data (Optional) Rights Under Korean Privacy Laws You have certain rights regarding your personal data. Your rights with respect to your own personal data include those under the Statement and the following: Children’s DataTripadvisor is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to minors. We do not knowingly collect data relating to minors. If a person whom we know is under 14 years of age sends us personal data, we will delete or destroy this information as soon as reasonably possible. Children’s Data Tripadvisor is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to minors. We do not knowingly collect data relating to minors. If a person whom we know is under 14 years of age sends us personal data, we will delete or destroy this information as soon as reasonably possible. Information Sharing and International TransfersWe may share information with third parties, such as those listed below, in order to facilitate some of our Services and products. There may also be legal reasons for which we have to share your personal data. Some of our Services and products require that we share information with the third parties listed below. There may also be legal reasons that we have to share your personal data. To efficiently provide our Services to you, we have delegated certain processing functions as described below to the third parties listed below. We will obtain your consent when you provide your information and delegate processing to such third parties pursuant to the agreements in place with such third parties. Your personal data may be stored or transferred to countries outside Korea for the purposes described in this Statement. When we store or transfer your personal data outside Korea, we will notify you and request your consent unless such transfer is being made for the purpose of performing the services requested by you and to further your convenience. Third Party Details Purpose and Use Shared/Transferred Personal Data Retention period Salesforce.com, Inc. USA Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94105, USA To manage user registration and the account, and to facilitate access to and use of the website/app. To facilitate reservations, including sending booking confirmations and updates. To communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the Services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems. To administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities. (Mandatory) Contact information, including email address, name, username. User submitted content (to the extent that it contains personally identifiable attributes). We will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights. (Optional) Contact information, including postal address, telephone number Zendesk, Inc. USA Zendesk’s European Representative: Zendesk International Ltd Attn: AGC, EMEA & Global Privacy Counsel 55 Charlemont Place, Saint Kevin’s, Dublin, D02 F985 Ireland privacy@zendesk.com To manage user registration and the account, and to facilitate access to and use of the website/app. To host user generated content such as reviews, ratings, forum posts, etc. To facilitate reservations, including sending booking confirmations and updates. To communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the Services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems. To administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities (Mandatory) Contact information, including email address, number, username. User submitted content (to the extent that it contains personally identifiable attributes). IP and/or browser/device data Email user subscription preferences, including unsubscribe status Session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches and/or reservations facilitated or made. (Optional) Contact information, including postal address, telephone number Amazon Web Services, Inc. USA AWS Korea Privacy Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com To manage user registration and the account, and to facilitate access to and use of the website/app. To administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities. (Mandatory) Contact information, including email address, name, username. IP and/or browser/device data Session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches and/or reservations facilitated or made. (Optional) Contact information, including postal address, telephone number Snowflake Computing, Inc. USA privacy@snowflake.com To manage user registration and the account, and to facilitate access to and use of the website/app. To administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities. (Mandatory) Contact information, including email address, name, username. IP and/or browser/device data Session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches and/or reservations facilitated or made. (Optional) Contact information, including postal address, telephone number Google LLC USA Chief Privacy Officer Google LLC Google Data Protection Office 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/7575787?visit_id=637109041821835307-4099556209&rd=2 To manage user registration and the account, and to facilitate access to and use of the website/app. To measure interest in and improve our products, services and site; and to customize user experiences. To administer and protect our business, to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems and to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities. (Mandatory) Contact information, including email address, name, username. IP and/or browser/device data Session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches and/or reservations facilitated or made. (Optional) Contact information, including postal address, telephone number Location data SYNNEX-Concentrix UK Limited United Kingdom DPO@concentrix.com To communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the services; user questions and comments; notifying users of changes to terms, including privacy policies; prompting users to leave a review or complete a survey; and to administer the website/app and diagnose problems. (Mandatory) Contact information, including email address, name, username. IP and/or browser/device data Email user subscription preferences, including unsubscribe status (Optional) Contact information, including postal address, telephone number OneTrust, LLC USA OneTrust, LLC 1200 Abernathy Road Atlanta, GA 30328 United States dpo@onetrust.com To communicate with users in general, particularly regarding the website/app and the services; user questions, requests and comments; (Mandatory) Contact information, including email address, name, username. IP and/or browser/device data Email user subscription preferences, including consent status Session data and online activity (Optional) Contact information, including postal address, telephone number Tableau Software, Inc. USA Tableau Software, Inc., Attn: Tableau Legal, 1621 N 34th St., Seattle, Washington 98103 privacy@tableau.com To measure interest in and improve our products, services and site; and to customize user experiences. (Mandatory) Contact information, including email address, name, username. IP and/or browser/device data Email user subscription preferences, including unsubscribe status Session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches and/or reservations facilitated or made. (Optional) Contact information, including postal address, telephone number Location data Twilio, Inc. USA 375 Beale Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105 Office of the Data Protection Officer privacy@twilio.com To notify users about promotions and targeted marketing campaigns. (Mandatory) Contact information, including email address, name, username. IP and/or browser/device data Session data and online activity (such as content viewed, how you interacted with our website(s), pages visited, searches and/or reservations facilitated or made. (Optional) Contact information, including postal address, telephone number Location data Information Sharing and International Transfers We may share information with third parties, such as those listed below, in order to facilitate some of our Services and products. There may also be legal reasons for which we have to share your personal data. Some of our Services and products require that we share information with the third parties listed below. There may also be legal reasons that we have to share your personal data. To efficiently provide our Services to you, we have delegated certain processing functions as described below to the third parties listed below. We will obtain your consent when you provide your information and delegate processing to such third parties pursuant to the agreements in place with such third parties. Your personal data may be stored or transferred to countries outside Korea for the purposes described in this Statement. When we store or transfer your personal data outside Korea, we will notify you and request your consent unless such transfer is being made for the purpose of performing the services requested by you and to further your convenience. Third Party Details Purpose and Use Shared/Transferred Personal Data Salesforce.com, Inc. USA Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94105, USA (Mandatory) (Optional) Zendesk, Inc. Zendesk’s European Representative: Zendesk International Ltd Attn: AGC, EMEA & Global Privacy Counsel 55 Charlemont Place, Saint Kevin’s, Dublin, D02 F985 Ireland privacy@zendesk.com Contact information, including postal address, telephone number Amazon Web Services, Inc. AWS Korea Privacy Email: aws-korea-privacy@amazon.com Snowflake Computing, Inc. privacy@snowflake.com Google LLC Chief Privacy Officer Google Data Protection Office 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 https://support.google.com/policies/troubleshooter/7575787?visit_id=637109041821835307-4099556209&rd=2 SYNNEX-Concentrix UK Limited United Kingdom DPO@concentrix.com OneTrust, LLC 1200 Abernathy Road Atlanta, GA 30328 United States dpo@onetrust.com Tableau Software, Inc. Tableau Software, Inc., Attn: Tableau Legal, 1621 N 34th St., Seattle, Washington 98103 privacy@tableau.com Twilio, Inc. 375 Beale Street, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105 Office of the Data Protection Officer privacy@twilio.com Information SecurityWe want you to feel confident about using our Services so we are committed to protecting the information we collect. We have implemented the following administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information that you provide us. Administrative Security Procedures: Only a limited number of authorized workers are permitted access to personal data in accordance with internal access controls. Access is granted on a role permission basis only for permitted business functions. Technical Security Procedures: Personal data is encrypted when it is transmitted. We use firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to personal data. Certain user data may be hashed depending on its sensitivity. Physical Security Procedures: Data is secured in lockdown restricted cages. This data is stored in restricted data centres. Hard drives are physically destroyed when replaced and we have internal procedures in place to secure access to restricted server rooms and physical assets. Information Security We want you to feel confident about using our Services so we are committed to protecting the information we collect. We have implemented the following administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information that you provide us. Destruction and Deletion of InformationWe will destroy or delete your data when the data retention period has lapsed, when you no longer maintain your account or if the purpose of data collection has been achieved. The procedure and method of destruction and deletion is as follows: Procedure: Personal Information is disposed of, destroyed, or deleted for the protection of information in accordance with our internal company policy and other applicable laws, after the purpose of its collection has been fulfilled. Method: Personal Information in paper format will be destroyed using paper shredder, and Personal Information stored in electronic format will be destroyed using technical methods which make the records unrecoverable. Destruction and Deletion of Information We will destroy or delete your data when the data retention period has lapsed, when you no longer maintain your account or if the purpose of data collection has been achieved. The procedure and method of destruction and deletion is as follows: Contact The contact details of our representative are: LAB Partners (Managing Partner: Young Hee Jo) Tel: 02-6956-6311 Email: tripadvisor@labpartners.co.kr Address: 8th Floor, VPLEX, 501 Teheran-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, Korea 06168 LAB Partner’s role in this respect is limited solely to being a contact point for questions or requests on personal data protection from persons in Korea and data protection supervisory authorities. For the avoidance of doubt, LAB Partners cannot field other communications or legal process on behalf of Tripadvisor LLC. 15. Brazil Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) StatementThis LGPD Statement is applicable whenever you access our website and application provided in Brazil. This LGPD Statement supplements our Statement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the LGPD Statement, the LGPD Statement will prevail as to persons in Brazil. This LGPD Statement is intended to help you understand what information is collected, why we collect it, whether we share it, and with whom. In addition, this LGPD Statement is intended to inform you of your rights in connection with this information and how to exercise them. Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) Statement This LGPD Statement is applicable whenever you access our website and application provided in Brazil. This LGPD Statement supplements our Statement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the LGPD Statement, the LGPD Statement will prevail as to persons in Brazil. This LGPD Statement is intended to help you understand what information is collected, why we collect it, whether we share it, and with whom. In addition, this LGPD Statement is intended to inform you of your rights in connection with this information and how to exercise them. Controller of Personal InformationTripadvisor LLC is the data controller of personal information we collect; however, in accordance with applicable Brazilian data privacy law, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) in Brazil: Opice Blum, Bruno e Vainzof Advogados Associados tripadvisor@opiceblum.com.br Controller of Personal Information Tripadvisor LLC is the data controller of personal information we collect; however, in accordance with applicable Brazilian data privacy law, we have appointed a Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) in Brazil: Opice Blum, Bruno e Vainzof Advogados Associados tripadvisor@opiceblum.com.br Information UsesWe will only use your personal data when the law allows us. Pursuant to LGPD, we may use your personal information in one of or more of the following circumstances: Meet the purpose given at the time of collection, including to allow the performance of the contract we have entered into with you. Comply with legal or regulatory obligations, regulations of government agencies, tax authorities, judiciary, and/or other competent authorities. Allow the regular exercise of our rights guaranteed by law, including as evidence in judicial, administrative, or arbitration proceedings. Enable the necessary activities for our operations involving the continuity of our operations whilst balancing against your interests and expectations so as not to cause a detriment to your interests, rights and fundamental freedoms. Fulfill the purpose for which the information was provided or for other purposes compatible with them and informed to you at the time of collection of your data. For example, we may process your data when contacting our service channels, including for information about our products or for your feedback. Based on our legitimate interests, we may also process your personal information, for example, to enable our communication and marketing activities and improve our products, services, and relationships with our customers and partners whilst balancing against your interests and expectations so as not to cause a detriment to your fundamental rights or freedoms. Prevent fraud and ensure your safety to detect, prevent, and investigate fraudulent activity. We will only use your personal data when the law allows us. Pursuant to LGPD, we may use your personal information in one of or more of the following circumstances: Your Rights Under LGPD and How to Exercise them You have the following rights relating to your services: You may also contact our DPO, whose contact details are made available at the beginning of this LGPD Statement. You will not have to pay fees to access your personal information (or to exercise any of the other rights described in this LGPD Statement). We may need to request specific information from you to confirm your identity and secure your right to access your personal information (or exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal information is not disclosed to anyone who does not have the right to receive it. In an effort to speed up our response, we may also contact you to request more information regarding your request. In specific cases, your request may not be fulfilled. In these cases, we will explain the justifications for our refusal. For example, requests involving personal information and/or documents of other individuals will not be shared so as to protect the privacy of those individuals unless permitted by applicable law. In the case of request for deletion, we may keep your personal information if there is a legal basis that authorises us to do so, as in the case of mandatory storage for a minimum period determined by applicable laws. Information Sharing and International TransfersWe may share information with third parties in order to facilitate some of our services and products. There may also be legal reasons that we have to share your personal information. Some of our services and products require that we share information with third parties. There may also be legal reasons that we have to share your personal information. To efficiently provide our Services to you, we have delegated certain processing functions to third parties. Please see “Information Sharing” section above for more information. Your personal information may be stored or transferred to countries outside Brazil for the purposes described in this Statement. Such transfers are generally made for the purpose of performing the Services made available to you and are made in accordance with any applicable legal requirements, including with the relevant safeguards and security. We may share information with third parties in order to facilitate some of our services and products. There may also be legal reasons that we have to share your personal information. Some of our services and products require that we share information with third parties. There may also be legal reasons that we have to share your personal information. To efficiently provide our Services to you, we have delegated certain processing functions to third parties. Please see “Information Sharing” section above for more information. Your personal information may be stored or transferred to countries outside Brazil for the purposes described in this Statement. Such transfers are generally made for the purpose of performing the Services made available to you and are made in accordance with any applicable legal requirements, including with the relevant safeguards and security. Information SecurityWe have implemented the following administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect your personal information. Administrative security procedures: a limited number of authorized workers have access to personal data in accordance with internal access controls. Access is granted based on role permission only for allowed business roles. Technical security procedures: The personal information is encrypted when it is transmitted. We use firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized people from accessing personal data. Certain user data can be hashed or encrypted depending on its sensitivity or processing activity. Important security procedures: the data is protected and stored in restricted data centers. Hard drives are physically destroyed when replaced, and we have built-in procedures to ensure access to restricted server rooms and physical assets. We have implemented the following administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect your personal information. Retention of Personal InformationWe may retain your information if it is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation or for our legitimate interests in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights. The procedure and method of destruction and exclusion are as follows: Procedure: Personal information is deleted, destroyed, or deleted in accordance with our company's internal policy and other applicable laws. Method: Personal information in paper format will be destroyed securely, such as using paper shredders. Personal information stored in electronic format will be destroyed using technical methods that make records unrecoverable. Retention of Personal Information We may retain your information if it is necessary to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation or for our legitimate interests in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights. The procedure and method of destruction and exclusion are as follows: Tripadvisor LLC is not a booking agent or tour operator, and does not charge any service fees to users of our site. Our partners (airlines, travel providers, and booking agents) who list airfare, tours, and travel packages on Tripadvisor are required to include all fees and surcharges in their listed prices. Examples include the Federal September 11th Security Fee, international departure and arrival taxes and fees, federal excise tax, and other service, handling and miscellaneous fees and surcharges. When you book with one of our partners, please be sure to check their site for a full disclosure of all applicable fees as required by the U.S. Department of Transportation. Airfares are generally quoted per person in USD unless otherwise noted. For your convenience, Tripadvisor LLC calculates an average price for each hotel, which is based on the rates of available rooms obtained from our booking partners. For tours and attractions, the price displayed is usually the lowest available per person adult price. For any travel packages or deals listed, Tripadvisor LLC does not guarantee any specific rates or prices. In addition, average hotel prices are updated nightly and displayed in your preferred currency using prevailing conversion rates. Since these converted prices are estimates, please check with the booking site for the exact amount and currency. Furthermore, Tripadvisor LLC makes no guarantees for availability of prices advertised on our site. Listed prices may require a stay of a particular length or have blackout dates, qualifications or restrictions. Tripadvisor LLC is not a booking agent or tour operator, and does not charge any service fees to users of our site. Our partners (airlines, travel providers, and booking agents) who list airfare, tours, and travel packages on Tripadvisor are required to include all fees and surcharges in their listed prices. Examples include the Federal September 11th Security Fee, international departure and arrival taxes and fees, federal excise tax, and other service, handling and miscellaneous fees and surcharges. When you book with one of our partners, please be sure to check their site for a full disclosure of all applicable fees as required by the U.S. Department of Transportation. Airfares are generally quoted per person in USD unless otherwise noted. For your convenience, Tripadvisor LLC calculates an average price for each hotel, which is based on the rates of available rooms obtained from our booking partners. For tours and attractions, the price displayed is usually the lowest available per person adult price. For any travel packages or deals listed, Tripadvisor LLC does not guarantee any specific rates or prices. In addition, average hotel prices are updated nightly and displayed in your preferred currency using prevailing conversion rates. Since these converted prices are estimates, please check with the booking site for the exact amount and currency. Furthermore, Tripadvisor LLC makes no guarantees for availability of prices advertised on our site. Listed prices may require a stay of a particular length or have blackout dates, qualifications or restrictions. Tripadvisor LLC is not responsible for content on external web sites. Taxes, fees not included for deals content.