Menu Yello Privacy Policy Effective Date: January 1, 2023  RECSOLU, Inc., DBA Yello (“Yello” or “we” or “us” or “our”) is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors and users of the yello.co website (the “Site”) and our mobile and web recruiting applications (the “Apps”), and in connection with providing our services (the “Services”). We want our Customers and their Authorized Users (collectively, our “Customer(s)”) and Candidates (“Candidate(s)”) to have a positive experience while using the Site or Apps. We respect and protect our Customers’ and Candidates’ rights to privacy as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to both the Site and the Apps and other platforms where this Privacy Policy is posted. To provide some background to our Customers and Candidates, we primarily process Personal Information (defined below) on behalf of and in accordance with the instructions of our Customers, who may collect such information from Candidates during the employment recruitment process or otherwise. In addition, we act as a data controller with respect to some Candidate Personal Information that we make available to our Customers upon authorization from such Candidates. We and our Customers collect such information from Candidates using the Site or the Apps. We also work with partners, who obtain information from Candidates, and offer this information to our Customers. The Personal Information from the Candidate(s) is concurrently and automatically stored and backed up from the Site and/or the Apps to servers that are under the control and in the possession of our hosting provider, who acts as our sub-processor. It is important to note that the provision of Personal Information by Customers or Candidates is not mandatory, and Customers and Candidates can refrain from such provision at any time and still maintain access to the Site and Apps. We may modify this Privacy Notice at any time. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site. Material changes will be conspicuously posted on the Site or otherwise communicated to you. Click on the links below to jump to each section: Yello collects Personal Information relating to Candidates and Customers’ use of the Site and Apps in the following ways: We may collect a range of Personal Information. “Personal Information” means information that uniquely identifies, relates to, describes, or is reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to you. We collect Candidate Personal Information when Candidates register on the Site and enter their Personal Information and/or upload their resume. We may collect sensitive Personal Information of Candidates such as ethnic origin, race, religion, and gender. Our Customers and sourcing partners may also transfer Candidate Personal Information to us to enable us to share such Personal Information with our other Customers for recruitment and hiring purposes. Our sourcing partners may collect and share Personal Information, including sensitive Personal Information of Candidates such as ethnic origin, race, religion, and gender. If you apply for employment with us or through us, we will collect your employment and work history, as well as other Personal Information related to your potential employment. This may include your education and employment history, address and contact information, demographic information, and any other information included in your resume or application. We may also collect your account information, such as your username and password when submitting your resume or application. We may also collect audio, electronic, or visual information, which includes any data in files uploaded, emailed or otherwise provided by users, the contents of your communications with us, whether via email, social media, telephone or otherwise, and inferences we may make from other Personal Information we collect. While navigating our Site, your mobile device or browser may share your location data, both through WiFi and GPS. We will collect this information based on the settings of your phone and browser. You may opt-out of having your location data collected by Yello at any time by editing the appropriate setting on your mobile device (which is usually located in the settings of your device). We use Customer information in order to administer our Customers’ accounts and allow them to use the Site and Apps. We use Customer information to support and enhance our Customers’ use of the Site and its features and the Apps, including, at times and as an example, tracking emails that our Customers send. We will also use Customer information to fulfill customer requests, such as provide customer service. We also use our Customer’s Personal Information for any purpose for which they provide it (for example, if a Customer wishes to share its email address or Personal Information with us for a particular purpose). In addition, we may send our Customers service or promotional communications, including notifying them of new services, offerings, or changes to the Site, Apps, or this Privacy Policy. Our Customers can opt-out of receiving these emails by contacting us at privacy@yello.co. We may use Customer information to enable us to display advertisements to third parties’ target audiences. Even though we do not disclose your Personal Information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume you meet its target criteria. We use Candidate Personal Information that we obtain directly from Candidates, from third party providers or otherwise with Candidates’ consent to share such Personal Information with our Customers so they can contact Candidates for recruitment and hiring purposes. We do not sell, trade, or transfer your Personal Information to third parties, except in the circumstances described below. As part of our service offerings, we may disclose to our Customers any Candidates’ Personal Information provided to us, if Candidates consent to such disclosure. By providing Candidates’ Personal Information to our Customers, our Customers will be able to contact such Candidates to inquire about potential future hiring or recruitment opportunities. We may share de-identified information and reports and analyses based on de-identified information publicly and with other companies. We may disclose Personal Information to our vendors and other third-party service providers that help us provide our services. The purpose of such disclosure is to provide our services to our Customers, and may include: the sub-processing of such Personal Information between our Site, the Apps, and our and our Customers’ networks; the parsing of such Personal Information to allow our Customers to filter through the information that the Candidates voluntarily provide to our Customers via the Site or Apps; and, generally, allowing our Customers to build a work candidate database based on the information provided by Candidates and manage their recruitment process. We may also disclose aggregated, de-identified Personal Information, and analyses and reports derived from such information, to service providers, advertisers, merchants, consumer and market research companies and other organizations. These service providers are responsible for their own compliance with data protection laws. We may share your Personal Information with third parties for their marketing purposes. This may include third parties whose services we believe you may be interested, or who are interested in providing you with services. We may disclose Personal Information (i) if we are required to do so by law, legal process, statute, rule, regulation, or professional standard, or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant, or other government official requests, (ii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, (iii) in connection with an investigation of a complaint, detect, prevent, or otherwise respond to fraud, security threat or technical concerns, or suspected or actual illegal activity; (iv) in connection with an internal audit; or (v) in the event that Yello is subject to mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, sales of assets, reorganizations, divestitures, dissolutions, bankruptcies, liquidations, or other types of business transactions. In these types of transactions, Personal Information may be shared, sold, or transferred, and it may be used subsequently by a third party. We offer certain choices about how we communicate with you and what Personal Information we obtain about you, use, and share with others. If you have created a profile or account on our Site or Apps, you can update your contact information after you log into your account. Yello responds to DSARs over email, directly with the Candidate or an authorized representative of the Candidate. We will not log into third party portals or respond to requests within third party applications (including but not limited to: portals, etc). Additionally, please note that if you withdraw your consent or object to processing, or if you choose not to provide certain Personal Information, we may be unable to provide some or all of our services to you. As described above, we will disclose to our Customers Candidates’ Personal Information who provide their consent, which will enable our Customers to contact such Candidates for hiring and recruitment purposes. If a Candidate does not wish to be contacted by our Customers regarding future hiring and recruitment opportunities, they can choose not to provide their consent when prompted by us or by contacting us at privacy@yello.co. While we make efforts to accommodate requests to restrict our use of Personal Information, we reserve the right to erase all or any portion of a Customer or Candidate’s information if we are not able to reasonably accommodate a requested restriction. Please note that in some instances, we may not be able to delete the Personal Information or our Customers or Candidates except by closing such Customer’s user account. We will notify our Customers if we are not able to accommodate their requests or if we have elected to close a Customer account as a result of a failure to accommodate such request. Our Site is hosted and operated in the United States. However, we and our service providers may store information about individuals in the United States, or we may transfer it to, and store it within, other countries. In very limited circumstances and at our sole discretion, we may provide certain Customers with the option to elect that their data is hosted in Ireland. Visitors from jurisdictions outside the United States visit us at their own choice and risk. If you are not a resident of the United States, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect and use your Personal Information outside your home jurisdiction, and that we may store your Personal Information in the United States or elsewhere. Please note that the level of legal protection provided in the United States from which you may access our Sites may not be as stringent as that under privacy standards or the privacy laws of other countries, possibly including your home jurisdiction. We will keep your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is permitted or required by law. Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our Site or Apps. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. We urge you to read the privacy policies of other websites before submitting any information to those websites. We are committed to protecting the information we receive from our Customers and Candidates. We have implemented commercially reasonable, appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on the Site and on the Apps, including from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, while considering the risks involved; including, but not limited to, severity of foreseeable harm and likelihood that our processing could threaten the individual rights and freedoms of the Candidates. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved. In addition, only those employees and third parties who need access to Personal Information in order to perform their duties are allowed such access. Although we do our best to protect the Personal Information of our Customers and Candidates, we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Information transmitted to the Site or Apps. Any transmission of Personal Information is at the Customer’s or Candidate’s own risk. We are not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site or Apps. The safety and security of Personal Information also depends on the Customers and Candidates. Customers and Candidates are responsible for keeping their self-created passwords confidential, and Customers and Candidates must not share passwords with anyone. Customers and Candidates must also take all reasonable steps to ensure the protection of their Personal Information and must be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Site or Apps or elsewhere. This Section applies to our collection and use of Personal Information if you are a resident of California, as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (the “CCPA”). This Section describes (1) the categories of Personal Information, collected and disclosed by us, (2) your privacy rights, and (3) how to exercise your rights. If you would like to receive a copy of this Section in an alternate format (e.g., printable) or language, please contact us using the information provided in the Contact Us section below. When we use the term “Personal Information” in this section, we mean information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. Yello makes the following disclosures regarding the categories of Personal Information (enumerated in Section 1798.140(o)(1) of the CCPA) that we have collected within the last 12 months: For use in Yello apps and to share with Customers for recruitment and hiring purposes If you are a California resident, you have the following rights: Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your Personal Information. You may only make a request for access twice within a 12-month period. The request must: We must verify your identity before fulfilling your requests. If we cannot initially verify your identity, we may request additional information to complete the verification process. We will only use Personal Information provided in a request to verify the requestor’s identity. If you are an authorized agent making a request on behalf of a California consumer, we will also need to verify your identity, which may require proof of your written authorization or evidence of a power of attorney. We endeavor to respond to requests within the time period required by applicable law. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We may deny certain requests, or only fulfill some in part, as permitted or required by law. For example, if you request to delete Personal Information, we may retain Personal Information that we need to retain for legal purposes. If you are located in the EU, you have certain rights under EU data protection law with respect to your personal data, including the right to request access to, correct, and delete your personal data. You may also have the right to receive a copy of your personal data in a commonly used and machine-readable format, and to transmit such data to another controller. You also may object to processing of your personal data, or ask that we restrict the processing of your personal data in certain instances. Upon written request from a Candidate or Customer, with proper verification of identity at our sole discretion (e.g. via certification from a notary public), we can promptly destroy, correct, amend and/or return to such verified Candidate or Customer any and all Personal Information in our or our sub-processor’s control or possession, subject to our right to retain such information as deemed necessary to comply with legal obligations. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to respond to such requests within thirty (30) days of receipt of such request and proper identity verification. All requests in this regard should be submitted via email to privacy@yello.co. Please note that not all requests can be honored. Our legal basis for processing the personal data of Candidates is that processing is necessary for the performance of a contract, or in order to take steps at the request of the Candidate. Yello processes Candidate personal data in order to fulfill contractual obligations with its Customers, who are Data Controllers, and have instructed Yello, as a data processor, to process the personal data of their Candidates. Our legal basis for processing personal data of Yello Customers is that the Yello Customer(s) has given consent to the processing of their personal data for one or more specific purposes including developing new services, management and completion of demo requests, the building of leads as related to product purchases, and/or the provision of thought leadership and blog content to those Yello Customers who are voluntarily subscribed (such subscription is revocable upon written request to marketing@yello.co). We have formally appointed a Data Protection Officer, Greg Leighton, reachable via email at Gregory.Leighton@quarles.com, who will, amongst other things: monitor compliance with the GDPR, applicable Union or Member State data protection laws, and our policies related to the protection of personal data; provide advice, where requested and appropriate, regarding data protection impact assessments; reasonably cooperate with applicable supervisory authority; and act as the contact point on issues related to our processing of Ppersonal information. In light of CJEU Case C-311/18 (Schrems ii), we are amenable to entering into the Commission Decision C(2010)593 Standard Contractual Clauses (processors) with any of our Customers that are authorized to use the Site or the Apps in the EEA. Please contact us via email at contracts@yello.co to request entrance into the Standard Contractual Clauses or for more information regarding this topic. Yello commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your Personal Information. EU, Swiss and California individuals with inquiries or complaints should first contact Yello at: OR RECSOLU INC., DBA Yello Attn: Privacy 55 E Monroe St Suite 3600 Chicago, IL 60603 Yello’s representatives in the EU: Postal Address: The DPO Centre Europe Ltd, Alexandra House, 3 Ballsbridge Park, Dublin, D04C 7H2 Phone number: +353 1 631 9460 Email: EUREP@YELLO.CO Yello’s representatives in the UK: Postal Address: The DPO Centre Ltd, 50 Liverpool street, London, EC2M 7PY, UK Phone number: +44 (0) 203 797 6340 EMAIL: UKREP@YELLO.CO Yello commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and to comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland in the context of the employment relationship. For any questions, or to request further information regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: RECSOLU, Inc., DBA Yello 55 E. Monroe St., Suite 3600 Attn: General Counsel 1-312-517-3200 privacy@yello.co © 2023 Yello Twitter Linkedin