 Sign Up: Help Center · Privacy & Terms Staff Support Terms of Service Acceptance of these Terms You are at least 13 years of age. You acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree with the , the and the . You will comply and be bound by the Terms of Service and the Privacy Policy, including any future modifications. Privacy Sharing Your Content and Information For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos ("IP content"), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your privacy and application settings: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, and display any IP content that you post on or in connection with SimilarWorlds ("IP License"), for the purposes of operating the platform and providing related services. This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account unless your content has been shared with others, and they have not deleted it. When you delete IP content, your removed content may persist in the database and backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others). When you publish content or information on a group, it means that everyone, including people off of SimilarWorlds, will have access to that information and we may not have control over what they do with it. We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about SimilarWorlds, but you understand that we may use them without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them). Safety You will not send or post unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam), post advertisements or solicitations of business on SimilarWorlds. You will not collect users' content or information, or access SimilarWorlds, using automated means (such as harvesting bots, robots, spiders or scrapers) without our permission. You will not engage in unlawful multi-level marketing, such as a pyramid scheme, on SimilarWorlds. You will not upload viruses or other malicious code. You will not solicit login information or access an account belonging to someone else. You will not bully, intimidate or harass any user, directly or indirectly. You will not post content that is hateful, defamatory, discriminatory, threatening, pornographic or that contains graphic or gratuitous violence. You will not develop or operate a third party application containing or advertising or otherwise market alcohol-related or other mature content without appropriate age-based restrictions. You will not develop or operate a third party application that embeds the SimilarWorlds website or that asks for the user login details. You will not offer any contest, giveaway or sweepstakes ("promotion") on SimilarWorlds without our prior written consent. If we consent, you take full responsibility for the promotion and will follow all applicable laws. You will not use SimilarWorlds to do anything unlawful, misleading, malicious or discriminatory. You will not distribute private or personal information, photos, videos or other material of another person without their express consent for you to do so. You will not do anything that could disable, overburden or impair the proper working of SimilarWorlds, such as a denial of service attack. You will not facilitate or encourage any violations of this Statement. You will not post any content that promotes, sexualizes or encourages behaviors that are seen as illegal or criminal by general/majority international consensus (such as Pedophilia, Bestially, Sexual Abuse, Incest, etc...), or any images or videos that contain such behaviors. You will not post any content which relates to, describes, or depicts, any form of violence or physical/embarrassing punishment towards minors. The only exception is with regards to legitimate personal experiences that has happened to the poster before adulthood (such as personal experiences of past trauma, which they may wish to share for support or education), as long as that content is not sexualized or fetishized. Please Note: Acceptable Behavior & Protecting Other People's Rights You agree to follow our . You will not post content or take any action on SimilarWorlds that infringes or violates someone else's rights or otherwise violates the law. You will not submit or upload material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third-party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant SimilarWorlds all of the license rights granted herein. You will not publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage SimilarWorlds or any third party. We can remove any content or information you post on SimilarWorlds if we believe that it violates this Statement. If we remove your content for infringing someone else's copyright and you believe we removed it by mistake, we will provide you with an opportunity to appeal. If you repeatedly infringe other people's intellectual property rights, we will disable your account when appropriate. You will not use our copyrights or trademarks or any confusingly similar marks, without our written permission. If you collect information from users, you will: obtain their consent, make it clear you (and not SimilarWorlds) are the one collecting their information, and post a privacy policy explaining what information you collect and how you will use it. You will not post anyone's identification documents or sensitive financial information on SimilarWorlds. You will not share anyone's private message(s) or private post(s) (including screen capture, plain text, or any other form), without that user's consent, or without fully removing or censoring every personally identifiable information, such as username, profile picture and any other contents that may identify the user in any way or break that user's privacy. You will not mention other users by their username, profile picture and other contents that identify the user, in a way that harasses or insults them, and you will remove the post if requested by the mentioned user. You will not send email invitations to non-users without their consent. You will not post the same or very similar posts/replies repeatedly, even if you post them to different groups. By doing so, you are duplicating contents, attracting more attention to your posts unfairly and annoying other users. You will not abuse, misuse or manipulate Reaction and Downvote features, whether manually, programmatically or otherwise. This includes using multiple accounts to react/downvote, or asking people to react/downvote, or forming or joining a group that reacts/downvotes together. You will not abuse, misuse or manipulate the submission of abuse reports, whether manually, programmatically or otherwise. This includes using multiple accounts to report, or asking people to report, or forming or joining a group that reports together. Content Moderation, Monitoring & Reports We reserve the right to remove or moderate any content that violates our terms or community guidelines. We reserve the right to restrict contact between members as a protection measure, if there have been complaints or if our system's algorithms prevent that contact. SimilarWorlds has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any and all activity on SimilarWorlds. SimilarWorlds also has the right, but not the obligation, to investigate the reports of improper conduct. We reserve the right to remove any user submission or terminate any user account or ban any user at any time for any action in violation of the Terms of Service including, for conduct detrimental to other users or SimilarWorlds, or for any other reason that in SimilarWorlds' sole discretion warrants such termination. When an investigation is required, due to a user report or other indication that a user may be engaged in illegal activities, we may examine private messages to assess for further proof of offenses. All content (posts, messages, media), transmitted on or uploaded to SimilarWorlds, are subject to scans for malware, child abuse material, and other types of content that can harm users of SimilarWorlds in any way. You will not submit false or inaccurate reports concerning members, posts or groups. Kindly use the report feature only for abusive, harmful, or harassing content, spam or scam, instances of self-harm or endangerment, or illegal activities. SimilarWorlds strictly prohibits the use of our services to create, upload, or distribute content that exploits or abuses children. In order to maintain the safety of our platform, we use technology to detect such content. If such content is identified, we will take appropriate actions, which may include removing the content and disabling accounts. Relevant information, which may include personal information and the violative content, is reported to the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (NCMEC). Subsequently, NCMEC may share reports with law enforcement authorities worldwide, as deemed appropriate. Registration and Account Security You will not create multiple accounts on SimilarWorlds in a way that can be seen as abusive usage. The average user has only one account, but it is acceptable for someone to own up to three accounts as long as your accounts are following our terms of service and not causing conflicts with other users. Canceling old accounts does not make it acceptable to create new accounts to stay on this limit. You will not create additional accounts in order to be able to contact users who blocked you on your previous accounts. You will not use any of your additional/alternative accounts to contact users who blocked you on any of your other accounts. You will not create an account for anyone other than yourself without permission. You will not impersonate another person. You will not use your personal profile for your own commercial gain (such as selling a shared message, comment, message or post to an advertiser, or asking users for money). You will not use SimilarWorlds if you are under 13. You will not use SimilarWorlds if you are a convicted sex offender. You will keep your contact information accurate and up-to-date. You will not share your password, let anyone else access your account or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account. You will not transfer your account to anyone. You will not submit a fake, modified or incomplete photo to our verification system. If you want to be verified, you can upload your own photos, unmodified. If you select a username for your account, we reserve the right to remove or reclaim it for any reason (such as when a trademark owner complains about a username that does not closely relate to a user's actual name; or if the username is inappropriate). Termination We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account if you violate the terms, engage in fraudulent or abusive behavior, or fail to comply with applicable laws. We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account without the obligation of providing explicit justification. However, such actions will be taken in accordance with our commitment to maintaining a respectful and inclusive community. We will exercise this right judiciously and responsibly, considering the overall well-being of the platform and its users. Our aim is to ensure a safe, enjoyable, and positive environment for all members. While we may not always provide specific reasons for individual bans, we will consistently enforce our policies with a fair and common-sense approach. Users found in violation of our Terms of Service, including engaging in harmful behavior, spam, or other disruptive activities, may be subject to account suspension or termination. You may cancel your account at any time by accessing your Account Settings, then Leave SimilarWorlds and following the instructions there. After your account has been set to hiatus, you can complete the process to cancel your account. Once canceled, it can no longer be reactivated. Anonymous or Fictional Profiles Content Rating Levels - This category is for content that is considered to be completely safe, free of any Adult/Mature, Inappropriate, Abusive, Offensive or Sensitive content. This is typically content that is safe for viewing in the presence of family, co-workers, public audiences or in any other setting. SimilarWorlds makes an extra effort to thoroughly screen (algorithmically) content entering this category, so that it is likely safe for even the youngest users of our website. Family Safe - This category is for content that is considered to be safe, free of Adult/Mature, Inappropriate, Abusive, Offensive or Sensitive content. This is typically content that is safe for viewing in most settings. Content falling in this category must not be obviously Mature or Inappropriate in nature. As SimilarWorlds allows for freedom of speech, opinion and expression, we attempt to strike some balance as to not over-aggressively filter everything appearing in this category. Non-Adult - This category is for content which may be of "Mildly Adult" nature. This includes very slightly/mildly Adult/Mature, very slightly/mildly Inappropriate, very slightly/mildly Offensive or very slightly/mildly Sensitive content. Example: Mildly Adult Language, Jokes, References, Imagery. Content within this category may be considered as "PG 13" by today's standards, but not at/above "18+" / "R" rating. Mildly Adult - This category is for content which may be of "Adult" nature. This includes Adult/Mature, Inappropriate, Offensive or Sensitive content. Example: Adult Language, Jokes, References, Imagery (not including nudity). Content within this category is not suitable for minors. Please note that we do not allow the posting of Nudity, Extremely Offensive or Abusive content, within areas of SW that are labelled as "Adult". Adult Although we allow freedom of speech, opinion and expression, users are not permitted to bully, abuse, harass or offend other members. - This category is for content which may contain imagery of mild "Nudity". This includes any image, video or other media content which displays or depicts mild Nudity. Please note that we do not allow images that are focused or zoomed in to genital areas, or where sexually explicit acts are involved. Nudity - This category is for content which may be considered to be a "Fetish". While the definition and categorization of "Fetish" is very broad, users are expected to use their discretion, while also keeping in line with the other Terms of Service of SimilarWorlds. Please note that this category is NOT allowed the posting of highly Explicit, highly Violent or highly Revolting content. Fetish - This category is for content which may be of "Sensitive" nature. This includes content that may be visually or mentally disturbing to viewers. Example: Content that is Mildly Gruesome, Revolting or Violent. Please note that this category is NOT allowed the posting of Strong Violence, Strong Gore or Strong Revolting content. Sensitive Copyright Guidelines User Responsibilities Prohibited Content Reporting Copyright Infringement our email A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed. The URL or location of the allegedly infringing content on our platform. Your contact information, including your name, address, phone number (optional), and email address. A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Counter-Notification Your contact information. Identification of the removed content. A statement under penalty of perjury that you have a good-faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification. Your consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court located within [your jurisdiction] and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the original infringement notice or an agent of such person. Repeat Infringers VIP Membership, Payment & Renewal Terms of Service You can upgrade your account to VIP by paying or subscribing to one of the packages available. If you already have an active VIP subscription and purchase VIP again, the new VIP time you purchase will be added/accumulated onto your existing VIP time. You may choose to purchase a VIP subscription for another user, by choosing that user at the time of purchase. If the recipient already has an active VIP subscription, the new VIP time you purchase will be added/accumulated onto their existing VIP time. If you choose to become a VIP on SimilarWorlds, your membership subscription may be automatically renewed based on the frequency you choose, until canceled by you. After your initial subscription commitment period, your subscription may be automatically renewed for additional equivalent periods, at the purchase price of your initial subscription. Once you have paid for any premium services on SimilarWorlds, they are non-refundable. In the exceptional scenario where we agree to offer a refund due to unusual circumstances, the transaction fee that we (the seller) were charged for (by the payment processor) in the original transaction will be deducted from the total amount refunded to you. If, at any point, you wish to discontinue your VIP membership, and you have an active auto-renewable subscription, you must visit the VIP Subscriptions page and click 'Cancel' or 'Suspend' before the next scheduled automatic payment. We do not issue partial/pro-rated refunds for early cancelation of any subscriptions. We do not have access to your Debit/Credit Card information through our sales. The payments are processed by a trusted 3rd-party payment processor, PayPal. By subscribing, you confirm you are at least 18 years of age and you authorize PayPal to charge your Debit/Credit Card now and again at the beginning of any subscription period. In the event that your Debit/Credit Card is ever denied, we reserve the right to cancel/suspend your subscription and you may have to resubscribe/resume in order to continue your VIP Membership. You can also contact us by sending an email to with your question and we will get back to you as soon as we can. You intended to gift the VIP to someone else, but you forgot to choose the recipient at the time of purchasing, and you contacted us within a few hours after purchasing; or You want to transfer the remaining VIP time to another account of yours because you used the wrong account to purchase, and you contacted us within a few hours after purchasing. Limitation of Liability Disputes Severability Modification of these Terms Complaints Disclaimer: SimilarWorlds © 2024