· Your Status: Your IP: Unknown · ISP: Protected Unprotected Online security and privacy VPN for your company network Password management Business Business password solutions Encryption with cloud storage Pricing Features Servers What Is a VPN? Download VPN Blog Business VPN Help Log in Products Meet NordVPN Online security starts with a click. And the story of the leading VPN provider starts with a vision. Our mission We strive to make the internet better than it is today. It can be free from online threats, censorship, and surveillance, as envisioned in 1989 — the year the World Wide Web was invented. How it all started The spark NordVPN was launched by childhood friends in 2012. They had spent a lot of time in different parts of the world, but saw the same picture: growing internet censorship, content control, and intrusive government surveillance. In other words, they saw a rapidly growing need for an internet security tool that’s easily accessible to everyone. The first server The creators set up the first VPN server and shared the prototype among friends. The feedback was extremely positive, which encouraged them to continue their work. The road wasn’t easy, but grit, determination, and pursuit of innovation kept them going. 10 years of NordVPN From first users to becoming the world’s leading VPN. Who we are now Nordic ideals NordVPN takes its inspiration from the Nordic ideals of confidence, trust, and innovation. We value our customers’ freedom of choice and strive to be innovative with our technology. Market leader What started with a single VPN server is now one of the most trusted internet security providers in the market. Known for strong values, well-thought-out features, and excellent customer service, NordVPN is recognized by influential tech sites and IT security specialists. Internet security solutions NordVPN grew beyond its original design. Along with VPN solutions, we now provide wide-ranging internet security solutions for our users. Creating a safer and better internet VPN Trust Initiative Internet freedom is one of our core values, so we’re always involved in . We give others emergency VPN access to help fight surveillance and censorship, materially support causes focusing on human and digital rights, and work hard to educate the public about the importance of cybersecurity. Social responsibility Bug bounty Nobody’s perfect. To help improve the quality and security of NordVPN services, we’ve launched a generous . This way, both ordinary people and professionals can be rewarded for uncovering vulnerabilities in our network and protecting our users. Audits Audits can reveal weaknesses — and strengths. We routinely submit our apps to independent researchers for thorough security testing, fixing any flaws uncovered. We also rigorously audit our vendors for reliability. Finally, NordVPN was the first VPN to have its no-log policy audited independently — a practice that has since been adopted by the rest of the VPN industry. NordVPN manifesto Our mission is to make Tim Berners-Lee’s vision of a truly open internet a reality. Mr. Berners-Lee imagined the internet as a very different place when he implemented the first successful HTML communication in 1989. It was to be a safe space, free from censorship and surveillance. Unfortunately, as headlines around the world show daily, this is hardly the case.Our team of mathematicians and technologists wake up every morning with one core goal — to keep the internet as free as possible. This is our passion and why we come to work every day. We strive to provide security and privacy on the web. We make sure no one sees what you do online because they shouldn’t. Nor should we, for that matter. For this reason, our VPN servers keep no logs. If someone asks us about you, we have nothing to share. We are free internet enthusiasts who believe in a common, secure future online. We support fighters for human rights, journalists, volunteers in conflict zones, information activists, and anyone who believes in the power of the open web as imagined by Mr. Berners-Lee.In the spirit of transparency, we’ll do everything we can to keep you updated about all aspects of our service, from server status upgrades to occasional glitches. We aim to create a lasting relationship of mutual trust with you, the customers who share our deeply held values. The trust we’ve earned Here is what people say about us on social media. A|ch3m1st @Alch3m1s7 the new meshnet is mond-blowingly amazing piece of tech 🚀, with unlimited bottomless use cases. God bless ya all! 🙌 @NordVPN 12:47 PM – Mar 25, 2023 Nathan Corliss @MrNathanCorliss This is completely unsolicited praise, , is very helpful as an advertiser testing search ads, and as a work-anywhere person who needs to ensure I have a safe internet connection. Great value. So easy to use, I actually use it. Keep up the good work. 11:22 PM – Mar 17, 2023 Pedro @PedroTheKiwi I’ve been using NordVPN and their other products for the last 4 years. Absolutely outstanding product and service 6:17 PM – Mar 8, 2023 Team of advisors Rytis Vitkauskas Rytis has been part of the European tech scene as either entrepreneur, venture or angel investor for nearly 15 years. In 2019, he became a partner at Lightspeed Venture Partners to help build the firm’s European presence and global platform. Troy Hunt Troy is a security researcher and founder of Have I Been Pwned. He has a background in software development specialising in information security. He regularly lends his expertise to critical institutions, including the US Congress. Adrianus Warmenhoven Adrianus has decades of experience in IT and cybersecurity through many different roles. Apart from being a cybersecurity advisor and spokesperson for NordVPN, he is a technical product owner in the hacker platform Zerocopter. Tanya Janca Tanya has 20+ years of diverse experience in the IT sector and has won numerous awards for her work. She is the author of the best-seller Alice and Bob Learn Application Security and the CEO/founder of the We Hack Purple academy and community. Dennis-Kenji Kipker Dennis-Kenji is a professor of IT security law at the University of Applied Sciences Bremen. He is an expert in cybersecurity law and a publicist on the current topics around the digital world. Dennis-Kenji also serves as an advisor to the German government and the European Commission, among others. Career at NordVPN Enough about us — let’s talk about you. We’re always looking for team members to help turn our shared dream into reality. Frequently asked questions Who owns NordVPN? NordVPN was created by childhood friends in 2012. It’s still independently owned and operated by the founders. You can read their story in the “How it all started” section. Where is NordVPN based? NordVPN operates worldwide. We have offices in the UK, Netherlands, Germany, USA, Lithuania, Switzerland, and Panama. What is the origin of the NordVPN name and logo? We chose our name and logo to show our commitment to Nordic values: confidence, trust, and innovation. These ideals have inspired us to start our journey and continue to guide us today.