The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . They may stop providing the service at any time. Users are entitled to a refund if certain thresholds or standards are not met by the service. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify. You waive your right to a class action.. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction.. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. You have the right to leave this service at any time. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. This service throttles your use. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The court of law governing the terms is in location Panama.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. This Service provides a list of Third Parties involved in its operation.