This service is only available to users over a certain age. They may stop providing the service at any time. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users.. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users. You waive your right to a class action.. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, users are notified at least 30 days in advance. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes