Your personal data may be used for marketing purposes. Your biometric data is collected. Third-party cookies are used for statistics. Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service. You can request access, correction and/or deletion of your data. This service is a subsidiary of DoorDash Inc.. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location.  You are being tracked via social media cookies/trackers. Third-party cookies are used for advertising. Information is provided about how your personal data is used. Information is provided about what kind of information they collect. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not essential to its operation. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world. Your personal information is used for many different purposes. Many different types of personal data are collected. Information is provided about how they collect personal data. Your personal data is aggregated into statistics. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations. The data retention period is kept to the minimum necessary for fulfilling its purposes. The service promises to inform you regarding government inquiries that may involve your personal data. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition. A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data. Information is gathered about you through third parties. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations. You can retrieve an archive of your data. Your personal data may be transferred as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction. Your personal data is used for advertising. You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service. You can opt out of promotional communications. This service tracks which web page referred you to it. Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable. Information is provided about security practices