listingslistingspeople listings listingspeople people  POSH MARKETS All All Women Men Kids Home Electronics Pets Luxury Beauty & Wellness Plus Size Boutiques Wholesale All All Women Men Kids Home Electronics Pets Luxury Beauty & Wellness Plus Size Boutiques Wholesale All Sell on Poshmark The Poshmark team works extra hard to build a community based on trust and respect. We think this makes our community special and hopefully you think so too! Please help us continue this tradition by following the guidelines below: Poshmark is a friendly community where everyone should feel safe and comfortable. We ask our users to be respectful in their interactions with others so that we can maintain a healthy and happy environment for everyone to enjoy. We are all individuals with our own thoughts and opinions - and we get that. We expect for everyone to be respectful of that as well. Please be yourself when engaging with other community members. Spam and excessive self-promotion are never received well by others, so please refrain from partaking in such behavior. Posh Parties are a fun way to discover and shop new Posher's Closets and Boutiques. It's also the perfect time for you to promote your own listings to people within the community. We encourage our users to join in on the Posh Party fun, but please stick to the theme of the parties. This creates a much better shopping experience for everyone! There's nothing worse than attending a "Office Style" party and seeing party dresses and swimwear. If you accept an offer from a buyer, you must complete the sale. This means, once the buyer has hit the "Buy Now" button and successfully submitted their payment and shipping information, you are expected to send the item they purchased. We understand that honest mistakes happen, but cancelled transactions create confusion and disappointment for your buyers. We expect that our community members be respectful of each other and fulfill their transactions with each other. As a seller, you must ship the purchased item to your buyer using the prepaid shipping label provided by Poshmark within five days after receiving the shipping label. All items, excluding electronics, will be shipped using Priority Mail. All electronics must be shipped using Ground Advantage. Most sellers ship within two days. Great sellers always deserve quick payment. Therefore, as a buyer, you must confirm that you've received and reviewed your purchase within three days after delivery. If you do not do so within three days, the order will be accepted on your behalf automatically and the funds will be released to the seller. The only thing better than selling something is selling multiple things! For this reason we encourage Poshers to make use of bundling to make more money as sellers and save more as buyers. The purchase of mystery boxes are also permitted at the buyer's own risk. We encourage Poshers to ask any questions they have before purchasing this type of listing. Make sure that you have the rights to sell any items you list on Poshmark. Don't list anything that does not belong to you or that may violate any state or federal laws. Do not upload any images that you didn't take, that are of other people without their permission, or that you do not have the rights to use. Do not post anything on Poshmark that creates a privacy or security risk for anyone. This includes screenshots of private communications or personal information. Do not attempt to collect or give out personal information. The Poshmark name and logos are trademarked and may only be used with prior written permission. Not only is the sale of counterfeits and unauthorized replicas of branded products prohibited on Poshmark, but it is also illegal. If the product you are listing bears the brand or logo of a company or designer, but it wasn't made or authorized by that company or designer, this item is not permitted. If you cannot verify the authenticity of an item, please do not list it on Poshmark. Additionally, using a company's name or trademark in a way that may confuse buyers about the item's origins, or confuses buyers into believing that you or the item is affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by the trademark owner is both illegal and a violation of our policies. Members who buy or list replicas or fakes risk immediate and permanent suspension from Poshmark. For health and hygiene reasons, used underwear cannot be sold on Poshmark. However, if this type of garment is brand new with tags attached, it may be sold on Poshmark. USPS does not allow the shipment of perfume, nail polish, and other flammable liquids with the type of shipping label that Poshmark uses. As such, these items are not permitted on Poshmark. For more information on what USPS deems a hazardous material, please visit USPS Taking any part of a transaction, including discussion about details or negotiations, off the Poshmark platform is a violation of our rules. This sort of activity hurts everyone--both you and the Poshmark community--by breaking down the sense of trust and integrity we have on the Poshmark app. Poshmark cannot protect transactions or uphold agreements that are not made through our platform. We ask that you do not share your email address, or any other personal information, on our platform and keep all transactions on Poshmark. Bullying is not allowed on Poshmark. Bullying can mean different things to different people, but we define it as repeated unwelcome socially aggressive behavior from an individual or a group targeted towards another individual or group. Poshmark reserves the right to evaluate bullying behavior in its sole discretion. Bullying includes but is not limited to the behaviors outlined below. Harassment: Doxing: Sharing someone else's non-public personally identifiable information Doxing: Denigration: Publicly shaming or otherwise focusing conversation on negative information to demean another user, regardless of truth, in order to damage their reputation or discourage buyers from purchasing from their closet Denigration: Brigading: Organizing or participating in a coordinated unwelcome action against a target including but not limited to abuse of the Poshmark reporting feature Brigading: If you are being bullied on Poshmark, do not engage with the aggressor(s). Write to us and let us know, with as much detail as you can share, what happened. We're here to help, but in some cases, Poshmark is not in a position to resolve matters of bullying. Keep it clean and do not post anything that is vulgar, pornographic in nature, or otherwise obscene. Saving up for those designer shoes? Raising money for your school? Need extra money for recovery? No matter the cause, all Poshers are welcome to sell their clothing, accessories, and select home goods for any reason they choose. However, Poshmark is not the place to ask for or otherwise solicit monetary or physical donations of any kind either through our platform or by advertising a third party site. We strive to make Poshmark a community that is as inclusive as possible. As such, forming and participating in groups or subsections within the Poshmark community at large where members must be approved or meet certain criteria is not condoned. At this time, it is against our policies to conduct your own giveaways, contests, or sweepstakes on the Poshmark platform. Our Posh Protect policy does not cover trades within the system. When payment for the full value of items is not exchanged through the Poshmark system, we cannot guarantee that both parties will ship their items to each other as promised or as described. Trading is based on an honor system and is difficult for us to support. For this reason, we discourage users from trading on Poshmark so that we can provide users with the protection that they deserve. If you purchase an item on Poshmark, you are obligated to complete the transaction. However, we understand accidents do happen. Buyers may cancel accidental purchases through our platform within three hours from time of purchase. We recommend that all users log out of their account when they are not using the app to avoid accidental purchases which create confusion and disappointment for our sellers. Do not use programs or other forms of automation to participate on Poshmark. This includes, but is not limited to liking, sharing, following, and unfollowing. Do not use Poshmark to collect personal data. You also may not use any images found on Poshmark for your own purposes unless authorized by Poshmark. The exception to this is your own content. You may only have one active account on Poshmark unless you receive written permission from Poshmark. Should we find your account to be in violation of any of the above, we may send you an email or take permanent or temporary action on your account privileges. United States Canada