Last Updated on: April 22, 2021 If you do not accept the use of cookies, please disable them as described in the Cookie Controls. INTRODUCTION AND SCOPE. Below we describe what information we collect when you use our Services, how we protect that information, how long we retain it, with whom we share it, and what your privacy and cookie options are. By using the Services, you consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy & Cookie Policy. IF YOU ARE NOT AT LEAST 16 YEARS OLD, DO NOT USE THE SERVICES OTHER THAN THROUGH A PORTION OF OUR DICTIONARY ACADEMY TUTORS. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES. You have choices when it comes to the privacy practices described in this Privacy & Cookie Policy, including your choices related to: Depending on which of these or any other Services you use, the personal information you provide may include your name, email address, user name, home address, telephone number, demographic information (age, gender, etc.), information posted by you on sites accessed via the Services and/or information provided by you in any help request or inquiry you make to us. Mobile Device Location Information: When you use one of our location-enabled services (for example, when you access Services from a mobile device), we may need to collect and process information about your specific GPS location (including the latitude, longitude or altitude of your mobile device) and the time the location information was recorded, and we may use that information to customize the Services with location-based information, advertising, and features. Some of these services require us to associate location data with your device ID and other information we hold about you. WHAT IS A COOKIE? Cookies can remain on your computer or mobile device for different periods of time. Some cookies are ‘session cookies’, meaning that they exist only while your browser is open. These are deleted automatically once you close your browser. Other cookies are ‘permanent cookies’, meaning that they survive after your browser is closed. They can be used by websites to recognize your computer when you open your browser and browse the Internet again. Third parties whose products or services are accessible or advertised through the Services, including social networking services, may also use cookies or similar tools, and we advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their cookies and other practices. We do not control the practices of such partners and their privacy policies govern their interactions with you. We encourage you to read their privacy policies. TYPE OF COOKIE WHAT IT DOES We note that an optional browser setting known as Do Not Track allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third-parties. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain Interest/behavioral/targeted -based advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest/behavioral/targeted -based ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Dictionary is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION. We may use your information for the following purposes: Identification and authentication: We use your identification information to verify your identity when you access and use our Services and to ensure the security of your personal information. This is so we can comply with our contractual obligations to you. Provide the Services: We process your personal information to facilitate the sale of and provide the Services you have requested. This is so we can comply with our contractual obligations to you. Improving our Services: We analyze information about how you use our Services to provide an improved experience for our customers of all our Services, including product testing and site analytics. It is in our legitimate business interests to use the information provided to us for this purpose, so we can understand any issues with our Services and improve them. Compensating our partners: We process your personal information for purposes of calculating compensation to be paid to our third party product/service providers and distributors and to analyze usage across products, services and distribution partner/channel. It is in our legitimate interest to appropriately determine amounts to be paid to our partners and inform our product roadmap and distribution strategy. Communicating with you: We may use your personal information when we communicate with you, for example if we are providing information about changes to the terms and conditions or if you contact us with questions. It is in our legitimate interest that we are able to provide you with appropriate responses and provide you with notices about our Services. Marketing: We may use your personal information to deliver relevant advertisements to you and measure the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you. It is in our legitimate interest to provide more relevant and interesting advertising messages and inform our marketing strategy. We may use automated decision-making to deliver tailored advertisements based on your personal information. Where necessary, we will obtain your consent before sending such marketing messages. Exercising our rights: We may use your personal information to exercise our legal rights where it is necessary to do so, for example to detect, prevent and respond to fraud claims, intellectual property infringement claims or violations of law or our Terms of Service. Complying with our obligations: We may process your personal information to, for example, carry out fraud prevention checks or comply with other legal or regulatory requirements, where this is explicitly required by law. Customizing your experience: When you use the Services, we may use your personal information to improve your experience of the Services, such as by providing interactive or personalized elements on the Services and providing you with content based on your interests. We may use automated decision-making to customize your experience based on your personal information. We may also aggregate and de-identify your information in such a way that you may not reasonably be re-identified by us or any other company, and may use this information for any other purpose. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION. We share user information with others for various reasons. What information we make available to other companies depends on the nature of our relationships with them. Service Providers: We may share your information with vendors who provide services on our behalf such as payment processing, voice transcription, email messaging, customer service, trouble shooting, survey providers, video players and conferencing and appointment booking and scheduling. Contests/Sweepstakes Partners: When you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes, your information may be provided to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers, operators, or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers, operators, or sponsors’ privacy policies or practices. Group Companies: We may share your information with our affiliates, which are entities under common ownership or control of our ultimate parent company, Rock Holdings Inc. for security, internal reporting and regulatory compliance. Fraud prevention: We may disclose your information when we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected illegal or fraudulent activity or to protect the safety, rights, or property of us, our users, or others. Law enforcement purposes and public safety: If requested or required by government authorities, such as law enforcement authorities, courts, or regulators, or otherwise to comply with the law, we may disclose any information we have about our users. We may disclose information collected about you in order to exercise or protect legal rights or defend against legal claims. We also may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Sale or merger of our business: We may transfer your information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a corporate restructuring (e.g., a sale, merger, or other transfer of assets). Advertisers and advertising networks: Advertisers and advertising networks place ads on our Sites. These companies may collect information, such as your computer’s IP address, browser information, mobile device ID, and search queries, as you use our Site and Services. They also may use cookies and other technologies to collect this information when you use our Service as described above (Cookie & other Trackers) We require all third parties to respect your privacy and to treat your information in accordance with the law. We only permit third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our agreements with them. RETENTION. We store the personal information we collect for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it or for legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. For example, if you register for an account with us, we will generally maintain your account information as long as needed to service your account. We may also retain personal information as required by law. RETENTION. In some circumstances we may aggregate and de-identify your information in such a way that you may not reasonably be re-identified by us or any other company in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see ACCESS, REVIEW, REVISION & DELETION RIGHTS below for further information. California Consumer Privacy Act Additional Disclosures Related to the Collection, Use, Disclosure and Sale of Personal Information Collection and Use of Personal Information: In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers, such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and IP address; categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80, such as name, address, credit card number, debit card number, or other financial information; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law, such as age or gender; commercial information, such as record of purchases; internet or other electronic network activity information, such as log data and information about the devices and computers you use to access the Services; geolocation data, such as GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals, where you have allowed access to that information; audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information such as video recordings of tutoring sessions through Dictionary Academy Tutors; education information such as a student’s name and grade level; other information you choose to provide, such as messages to customer service; inferences drawn from any of this information, including about the content or ads that may be of interest to you. For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources of such collection, please see the section labeled, “INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND MEANS OF COLLECTION” above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the section labled, “HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION” above. Collection and Use of Personal Information: Disclosure of Personal Information: We may share your personal information with third parties as described in Section 5, “HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION” above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes to the following categories of recipients. Disclosure of Personal Information: Category of Personal Information Categories of Recipients Sale of Personal Information: California law requires that we provide transparency about personal information we “sell,” which for the purposes of the CCPA, broadly means scenarios in which Dictionary has shared personal information with third parties in exchange for valuable consideration. In the preceding 12 months, we have “sold” the following categories of personal information, depending on how the CCPA is interpreted, to the following categories of third parties: Sale of Personal Information: Your Consumer Rights If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you have provided such agent with a power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you are an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us at privacy@dictionary.com. Shine the Light If you are a resident of the State of California, under the California Civil Code, you have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, the law provides that if a company has a privacy policy that gives either an opt-out for use of your personal information by third parties for their own marketing purposes, the company may instead provide you with information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options. We qualify for the alternative option. If you are a California resident and you want to opt out of such sharing, please send your request via email to privacy@dictionary.com and include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code (your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email. Please include your zip code for our own record-keeping). Legal rights applicable to personal data collected in the EEA. If you would like to exercise any of the rights outlined above, and the law of your jurisdiction requires us to honor that request, please send your request in writing to privacy@dictionary.com. To assist us in processing your request in timely manner, please make your request in English if you are able to do so. Your request should include any information relevant to your request, including, without limitation: (i) your name, email and postal address; (ii) the specific right you are asserting (e.g., removal); and (iii) if you are requesting removal, a brief explanation of why you believe such information should be removed. To help us prevent fraudulent removal requests, please also include a legible copy of a document that verifies your identity. You need not provide a government-issued document; a utility bill or similar mailing will suffice. You may also obscure parts of the document such as identifying numbers so long as the document continues to clearly identify you. If you are making the request on behalf of another person, please indicate your relationship to that person and provide evidence of your authority to make such request. All requests for removal will be reviewed by Dictionary’s legal and compliance team and we reserve the right, in compliance with applicable laws, to accept or reject, or make further inquiries regarding, any requests. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you may have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority of your country of residence. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER. If you are receiving the Services from outside the United States, your data will be transferred to and stored in our servers in the U.S. By using the Services, you consent to our collection and use of your data as described in this Privacy & Cookie Policy. Further, if you are receiving the Services from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) we note your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in a country that is not regarded as providing the same level of protection for personal information as the laws of your home country, and may be available to the government of those countries under a lawful order made in those countries. However, whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented: Children’s Privacy. As a general matter, our Services are intended for audiences age 16 and older. We do not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 16 years old, except through portions of our Dictionary Academy Tutors. To the extent that we knowingly collect information from children under age 16 (called “children” in this Privacy Policy) through Dictionary Academy Tutors, we do so with the consent of the parent or legal guardian as described in this section of our Privacy Policy. (Teens age 16 and older may participate on their own accord.) Children’s Privacy. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under 16 without the consent of the parent or legal guardian, we will delete that information. If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us with personal information without the consent of their parent or legal guardian, please contact us at: You will not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the Services (“Content”). You agree that all rights to the Services, Content and any derivative work will remain with us. You will download copyrighted Content solely for your personal use, but will make no other use of the Content without the express written permission of Dictionary and the copyright owner. You will not make any changes to any Content that you are permitted to download under these Terms, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any Content. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any downloaded Content.  Thesaurus.com e-gift cards (“gift cards”) are subject to the following terms and conditions. Gift cards are redeemable only toward Grammar Coach Premium purchases at Thesaurus.com (excluding purchases of gift cards). 50 U.S. states and DC only. The gift cards are non-refundable, non-reloadable, non-transferable, and cannot be redeemed for cash except as required by law. To use a gift card, enter the code at the checkout for Grammar Coach Premium. If your gift card is lost, stolen, damaged, or used without your permission, it will not be replaced. Purchase, acceptance, or use of a gift card constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions.