 Collection of personal data Personal data includes data that directly identifies you (such as your name), data that indirectly identifies you (such as your email address or phone number), and data that can be linked to you (such as your listening history or favorite content). Although registering with Deezer does not require you to provide data that directly and personally identifies you, we consider any data that may be linked to you as personal, and we treat it as such. We collect the following personal data when you sign up to Deezer and use our service. Contact info Name, email address*, phone number, social logins, age*, genderProvided by you or your service provider when you sign up to Deezer Identifiers User ID*, device IDsUser ID assigned by us when you sign up to Deezer, device IDs collected by us when you use Deezer. Financial info Payment info*, transactions*Provided by you when you subscribe to a paid plan or a try & buy offer. Location Coarse location (IP address)Collected by us when you sign in and use Deezer. Usage data Product interaction (including listening data)*, advertising data*Collected by us when you use Deezer or when you interact with ads. User content Photos, audio data*, Customer Care requestsProvided by you when you use Deezer or when you contact our Customer Care. Search history Searches performed on Deezer*Provided by you when you search content on Deezer. Diagnostics Crash data, performance dataCollected by us if the experience crashes while using Deezer. Data marked with an * is required to allow you to sign up to Deezer, to subscribe to one of our paid plans or try & buy offers, or to use our service and its features. Personal data includes data that directly identifies you (such as your name), data that indirectly identifies you (such as your email address or phone number), and data that can be linked to you (such as your listening history or favorite content). Although registering with Deezer does not require you to provide data that directly and personally identifies you, we consider any data that may be linked to you as personal, and we treat it as such. We collect the following personal data when you sign up to Deezer and use our service. Name, email address*, phone number, social logins, age*, genderProvided by you or your service provider when you sign up to Deezer Provided by you or your service provider when you sign up to Deezer User ID*, device IDsUser ID assigned by us when you sign up to Deezer, device IDs collected by us when you use Deezer. User ID assigned by us when you sign up to Deezer, device IDs collected by us when you use Deezer. Payment info*, transactions*Provided by you when you subscribe to a paid plan or a try & buy offer. Provided by you when you subscribe to a paid plan or a try & buy offer. Coarse location (IP address)Collected by us when you sign in and use Deezer. Collected by us when you sign in and use Deezer. Product interaction (including listening data)*, advertising data*Collected by us when you use Deezer or when you interact with ads. Collected by us when you use Deezer or when you interact with ads. Photos, audio data*, Customer Care requestsProvided by you when you use Deezer or when you contact our Customer Care. Provided by you when you use Deezer or when you contact our Customer Care. Searches performed on Deezer*Provided by you when you search content on Deezer. Provided by you when you search content on Deezer. Crash data, performance dataCollected by us if the experience crashes while using Deezer. Collected by us if the experience crashes while using Deezer. Data marked with an * is required to allow you to sign up to Deezer, to subscribe to one of our paid plans or try & buy offers, or to use our service and its features. We don’t use any algorithms to make any decision that would significantly affect you without human review. We only use your data for the purposes described below. We use your data to enable you to sign in to Deezer, search and play audio content, manage your favorites and playlists, and share content with other people. Email address, phone number, social logins User ID, device IDs Coarse location Product interaction Audio data Searches We use your data to enable you to personalize your profile and playlists, and to provide you with content recommendations based on your listening history and favorite content. Name, age, gender Photos We use your data to process your payment when subscribing to a paid plan or a try & buy offer, fulfill our tax and accounting obligations, and pay royalties to music labels and record companies. We use an external payment provider and therefore don’t store your payment method details. Email address, phone number User ID Payment info, transactions We use your data to monitor and ensure the ongoing security, confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of our service, and to prevent fraudulent use. Name, email address, phone number, social logins Crash data, performance data We use your data to measure our audience, analyze how our service is used, monitor and improve its overall performance, usability and design, and develop new features. You can consent or object to such use in your cookie settings. Product interaction, advertising data Name, email address, phone number, age If you have subscribed to a paid plan, we use your data to find audiences that are similar to your profile. If you use our free service, we use your user ad profile to display targeted ads for Deezer on our or third-party sites or apps, exclude you from certain ad campaigns, and set capping so as not to present the same ad too repetitively. You can consent or object to such use in your cookie settings. If you object, only generic and less-relevant ads will be served. Email address, age, gender If you use our free service, we use your data to build your user ad profile, display targeted ads for third-party products or services on our sites or apps, exclude you from certain ad campaigns, and set capping so as not to present the same ad too repetitively. You can consent or object to such use in your cookie settings. If you object, only generic and less-relevant ads will be served. Age, gender We use your data to handle your requests submitted to our Customer Care, or when you want to exercise the statutory rights that you hold over your personal data. Name, email address, phone number, social logins, age, gender Photos, audio data, Customer Care request Retention of personal data We keep your data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or as required by law. The retention periods specified below start from the date of your last interaction with Deezer. 3 years Contact info Name, email address, phone number, social logins, age, gender Identifiers User ID, device IDs Location Coarse location Usage data Product interaction, advertising data User content Photos, audio data Search history Searches Diagnostics Crash data, performance data 5 years User content Customer Care requests 10 years Financial info Transactions (as required by the Monetary and financial code) We keep your data only for so long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, or as required by law. The retention periods specified below start from the date of your last interaction with Deezer. Photos, audio data Customer Care requests Transactions (as required by the Monetary and financial code) Protection of personal data We take technical, physical and organizational safeguards to protect your data against unauthorized access, use or disclosure, and to prevent its loss or alteration. When implementing and improving these safeguards, we take into account the state of the art, the nature of the processing, the sensitivity of the data, and the potential threats and risks. We implement and maintain sophisticated technical measures – such as encryption – to ensure that your data is confidentially and securely recorded and used. We restrict and limit access to your data – via access controls – and monitor who accesses, uses, and transfers your personal data – via logs and audit trails. Employees who have access to your data are required to comply with strong data privacy, confidentiality and security policies. Business partners and service providers with whom we share your data are also required to comply with strong data privacy, confidentiality and security contractual requirements. We take technical, physical and organizational safeguards to protect your data against unauthorized access, use or disclosure, and to prevent its loss or alteration. When implementing and improving these safeguards, we take into account the state of the art, the nature of the processing, the sensitivity of the data, and the potential threats and risks. Your data is controlled by us in France (Deezer SA, 24 rue de Calais 75009 Paris), and may be shared with service providers and partners around the world. Some of these recipients may be located in countries other than the one you are in, and these countries may not guarantee a level of personal data protection equivalent to that of your country. In such cases, we take all necessary measures to ensure that these recipients provide appropriate safeguards, such as the execution of standard data protection clauses and the implementation of adequate security measures. We regularly engage service providers to perform certain tasks on our behalf, such as hosting and storing data, operating and maintaining our infrastructures, collecting payments, or providing analytics or advertising services. In these cases, sharing is limited to the data necessary to allow our providers to perform their tasks, and we require them to protect your data. On occasion, we may share your data - limited to what is necessary - with some of our partners, such as telecommunication operators, media companies or other retailers distributing our offers, music labels and recording companies, or audio device manufacturers. We also require them to protect your data. Finally, we may share your data with our parent companies and subsidiaries, with other companies in the event of an acquisition, merger or sale, or with law enforcement. We are fully committed to enable you to exercise your rights on your data, some of which may be exercised directly in your settings, some of which may be exercised by contacting our Customer Care. Please see below for how to do this. You can withdraw your consent to the use of cookies and other tracking technologies in your cookie settings. © 2023 Deezer English Čeština Dansk Deutsch English English (us) Español Español (latam) Français Hrvatski Italiano Magyar Nederlands Polski Português (br) Português (pt) Română Slovenčina Slovenščina Srpski Suomi Svenska Türkçe Български Pусский Українська العربیة 日本語 English