 Log in MyPost MyPost Business Merchant Portal Parcel Send eParcel Menu Icon to indicate more links Icon to indicate less links Accounts Receiving Back to Receiving this item has a sub menu Back to Collection points Back to Manage deliveries in transit Back to Delayed, lost or damaged items Back to Manage your mail Back to Redirect & hold mail Back to Redirect mail Back to PO Boxes & Private Bags Sending Back to Sending Back to Send parcels in Australia Back to Express parcel sending in Australia Back to Send letters in Australia Back to Send overseas Back to Customs forms & regulations Back to Packaging Back to Stamps Back to Concession stamps Back to Sending guidelines Back to Addressing guidelines Money & insurance Back to Money & insurance Back to Transfer money Back to Get insurance Back to Banking & paying bills Back to Organise travel money Back to Prepaid cards Back to Buy gift cards Back to Self-Managed Super Funds (SMSF) ID & document services Back to ID & document services Back to Arrange passports & ID photos Back to Apply for a new Australian passport Back to Licence renewals & applications Back to ID checks for property transfers Shop Back to Shop Personal Arrow to indicate less links Back to Personal, Business, Enterprise & Government solutions Business Back to Business solutions Back to Shipping Back to Business packaging solutions Back to Domestic shipping Back to Ship parcels to your customers with Express Post Back to Special delivery services Back to International shipping Back to International shipping contract Back to Business postage costs Back to Business pricing updates Back to MyPost Business Back to Parcel Contract Back to Important information for eParcel Contract customers Back to Manage parcel returns Back to Check sending guidelines Back to Compare letter services Back to eCommerce Back to Enhance your delivery experience Back to Accept payments Back to Marketing & communications Back to Access data & insights Back to Address data Back to Supporting our data partners Back to Latest eCommerce and online shopping trends in Australia Back to Business letter services Back to Bulk mail options Back to Unaddressed Mail Back to Make a booking for Unaddressed Mail Back to Barcoding process Back to Mailing statements (eLMS) Back to Reach new customers with Campaign Targeter Back to Identity Back to Business admin Back to Business PO Boxes & Locked Bags Back to Business Credit Accounts & postage meters Enterprise & Gov Back to Enterprise & Gov Back to Capabilities Back to Scalable solutions Back to Identity services Back to Information management Back to Insights & reports Back to Digitising services Back to Understanding customers Back to Working differently Back to Insight papers Back to Customer stories Tools Track your item Find a postcode Postage costs and delivery times Redirect or hold mail Print shipping labels Pay a bill Convert currency Find missing mail Find locations & hours Download our app About us Help & support Open search form close search form Search Close search Privacy Statement Our privacy vision At Australia Post, we know privacy is important to you – it is to us too. That’s why we’re committed to maintaining your trust by protecting your privacy, keeping you informed about how we handle your personal information and keeping your personal information safe and secure. This Privacy Statement applies to Australia Post and all Australian-based subsidiaries of the Australia Post Group. We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. This version was last updated on 23 May 2023. Our privacy vision At Australia Post, we know privacy is important to you – it is to us too. That’s why we’re committed to maintaining your trust by protecting your privacy, keeping you informed about how we handle your personal information and keeping your personal information safe and secure. This Privacy Statement applies to Australia Post and all Australian-based subsidiaries of the Australia Post Group. We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. This version was last updated on 23 May 2023. At Australia Post, we know privacy is important to you – it is to us too. That’s why we’re committed to maintaining your trust by protecting your privacy, keeping you informed about how we handle your personal information and keeping your personal information safe and secure. This Privacy Statement applies to Australia Post and all Australian-based subsidiaries of the Australia Post Group. We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. This version was last updated on 23 May 2023. How we collect and hold personal information What personal information we collect Why we collect, hold, use and share personal information When we share personal information Our other obligations How we protect children's privacy How you can access your personal information How you can correct your personal information How to raise a complaint How to contact us Privacy Impact Assessment Register Australia Post does more than just deliver your mail. That means there are lots of ways you interact with us, and many ways we might collect personal information about you. We may collect your personal information when you: shop online and order a parcel through a merchant that uses our delivery services contact our customer services team are sent a parcel by someone else create or update an account with us, such as your MyPost or MyPost Business account order, purchase or use one of our products or services interact with us in person, on our website or on our mobile apps fill in an application online or in one of our Post Offices undertake a transaction in our Post Offices or online, such as an identity check or a banking transaction. Australia Post does more than just deliver your mail. That means there are lots of ways you interact with us, and many ways we might collect personal information about you. We may collect your personal information when you: The information we collect may include: Contact information – for example, your name, address, phone number or email for purposes such as providing our services, communicating with you or providing delivery tracking. Identity information – for example, your ID document details for purposes such as facilitating some financial transactions or for us to verify your identity on behalf of another organisation. Financial information – for example, your account name, credit card details, BSB and account number for purposes such as when you make a payment or undertake a Bank@Post transaction. Information when you visit our websites or use our mobile apps – we may use automated tracking technologies, such as cookies and pixels to collect information including your IP address, details of your device or browser, the web pages you visit and your online interactions to improve our customer experience and performance across our digital products. We may also use collected information to tailor the information, content, marketing/advertising and offers you see from us and to deliver relevant content to our customers. We also collect information to measure the effectiveness of our communication and marketing, including from third parties, to improve our services. If you have identified yourself to us (for example, if you’ve logged in via an App or website or a service like MyPost, or you have clicked an email or message link), information automatically collected may be associated with Australia Post Customer Number. Any use or disclosure of your information will be in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as permitted by privacy law. Information about your use of our products and services – such as which products you use, and your preferences relating to those products. The information we collect may include: Contact information Identity information Financial information Information when you visit our websites or use our mobile apps Information about your use of our products and services The primary reason we collect, use or share your personal information is to enable the delivery, development and improvement of our products and services and to keep you informed. We may also collect, use, or share this personal information for other purposes, such as: to send you parcel notifications and service messages about important updates impacting our services to contact you or reach customers like you about our other products and services, either directly, such as via email or mail, or via other channels, including social media platforms and websites. Sometimes, you might tick a box to let us know you would like to receive marketing, and sometimes we might gather from your interactions and relationship with us, that you would like to hear about our other products and services. You can always opt out of marketing by following the instructions on the message, email or letter you receive or by reaching out to our customer services team on the contact details below to develop and improve our products and services and improve the safety of our people, customers and community. Sometimes this may involve combining data that we have with other sources of data and information from other sources and organisations such as the Australian Bureau of Statistics (ABS) to produce and provide insights, trends, and other relevant information to the public and our customers in a way that does not identify you to anyone receiving the insight and trend information where permitted, authorised or required by an applicable law, such as to Australian Government agencies, overseas postal and delivery services and international governmental agencies, AUSTRAC to meet transaction reporting obligations, or to the Australian Crime Intelligence Commission (ACIC), State or Federal Police or Border Force for crime related investigations to verify your identity in person or digitally, using third-party business partners to check your details back to the source to undertake a commercial credit check when you apply for a business credit account to process your application for our products or services, or on behalf of third parties such as merchants, banks, or government agencies to better understand your personal preferences when you use our products, services, and website, and to adapt your experience to best suit you to link your accounts and product or service holdings, to provide you with a more seamless user experience to identify and better interact with your device using cookies or other similar technologies. The primary reason we collect, use or share your personal information is to enable the delivery, development and improvement of our products and services and to keep you informed. We may also collect, use, or share this personal information for other purposes, such as: To fulfil some of the activities we’ve mentioned, we may need to share your personal information with other parties. These may include specialist information technology companies, cloud service providers, mail houses or other contractors helping us to deliver our services. We require these parties to protect your information as carefully as we do. Sometimes, this may also include our own subsidiaries. Where you undertake a transaction processed by us on behalf of an agency or merchant, we may also share some information back with that third party to complete the transaction or keep them informed. Overseas use and disclosure When you send letters or parcels overseas, we may send personal information to countries outside Australia to facilitate the delivery. This information may be handled in line with the laws and customs of those countries. Similarly, when you receive an article from overseas, delivery to you within Australia is under Australian privacy laws, even though you may have provided your personal information under the laws of another country. Sometimes, we use systems or service providers located in other countries. When we do this, we will ensure your personal information is managed in a way that is consistent with Australian privacy law and this Privacy Statement, even if we need to undertake to comply with the applicable laws of those other countries. We use service providers in other countries, including: Japan United States of America Singapore European Union New Zealand India the Philippines To fulfil some of the activities we’ve mentioned, we may need to share your personal information with other parties. These may include specialist information technology companies, cloud service providers, mail houses or other contractors helping us to deliver our services. We require these parties to protect your information as carefully as we do. Sometimes, this may also include our own subsidiaries. Where you undertake a transaction processed by us on behalf of an agency or merchant, we may also share some information back with that third party to complete the transaction or keep them informed. When you send letters or parcels overseas, we may send personal information to countries outside Australia to facilitate the delivery. This information may be handled in line with the laws and customs of those countries. Similarly, when you receive an article from overseas, delivery to you within Australia is under Australian privacy laws, even though you may have provided your personal information under the laws of another country. Sometimes, we use systems or service providers located in other countries. When we do this, we will ensure your personal information is managed in a way that is consistent with Australian privacy law and this Privacy Statement, even if we need to undertake to comply with the applicable laws of those other countries. We use service providers in other countries, including: Australia Post has privacy and information management obligations in addition to those in the Privacy Act, which may impact how we handle information, including your personal information. These include: The Archives Act – As a Government Business Enterprise, Australia Post has obligations under the Archives Act 1983, which requires us to keep information for varying lengths of time. Australian Postal Corporations Act – The Australian Postal Corporation Act 1989 includes limitations on how we use information as well as some permitted situations where we may disclose articles and their contents, such as where reasonably necessary for law enforcement activities. Australia Post has privacy and information management obligations in addition to those in the Privacy Act, which may impact how we handle information, including your personal information. These include: The Archives Act – As a Government Business Enterprise, Australia Post has obligations under the Archives Act 1983, which requires us to keep information for varying lengths of time. Australian Postal Corporations Act – The Australian Postal Corporation Act 1989 includes limitations on how we use information as well as some permitted situations where we may disclose articles and their contents, such as where reasonably necessary for law enforcement activities. Australia Post believes it is important to provide added protection for children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to participate in and monitor their online activity. When we provide a product or service that intentionally collects personal information from children, such as a police check, we will use reasonable efforts to confirm parent or guardian consent prior to the collection and use of personal information. The way we do this may vary depending on the information, product, service, or event that the child wishes to participate in. Consent may take a variety of forms such as printing and submitting a permission form by mail, or online consent such as by ticking an online check box that parental or guardian consent has been obtained. Parents or guardians may, subject to any applicable laws, request that information collected from their child be deleted. Australia Post believes it is important to provide added protection for children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to participate in and monitor their online activity. When we provide a product or service that intentionally collects personal information from children, such as a police check, we will use reasonable efforts to confirm parent or guardian consent prior to the collection and use of personal information. The way we do this may vary depending on the information, product, service, or event that the child wishes to participate in. Consent may take a variety of forms such as printing and submitting a permission form by mail, or online consent such as by ticking an online check box that parental or guardian consent has been obtained. Parents or guardians may, subject to any applicable laws, request that information collected from their child be deleted. You have a right to request access to your personal information, and we want to make it easy for you to do so. The information you want to access to may be via your MyPost account, or can be accessed by contacting our customer services team. If you can’t find what you’re after, you can contact us via our details below. Once we receive your request, and subject to relevant privacy laws, we will respond to your request within a reasonable time – usually within 30 days. We ask that you identify, as clearly as possible, the type/s of information requested. In some cases, we may need to verify your identity before we share information with you. We may not be able to provide access to all your personal information. In some situations, the law permits us to refuse your request to provide you with access to your personal information. For example, where giving access to your information would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of other individuals, or would pose a serious threat to the life, health, or safety of any individual or to public health or public safety. You have a right to request access to your personal information, and we want to make it easy for you to do so. The information you want to access to may be via your MyPost account, or can be accessed by contacting our customer services team. If you can’t find what you’re after, you can contact us via our details below. Once we receive your request, and subject to relevant privacy laws, we will respond to your request within a reasonable time – usually within 30 days. We ask that you identify, as clearly as possible, the type/s of information requested. In some cases, we may need to verify your identity before we share information with you. We may not be able to provide access to all your personal information. In some situations, the law permits us to refuse your request to provide you with access to your personal information. For example, where giving access to your information would have an unreasonable impact on the privacy of other individuals, or would pose a serious threat to the life, health, or safety of any individual or to public health or public safety. Ensuring your personal information is accurate and up-to-date is crucial for the delivery of many of our services, and you have a right to request the correction of your personal information. We try to make this easy for you, and you’ll see opportunities to update your details throughout our product and service offerings, such as our mobile app. If you’re unsure about how to do this, you can contact our customer services team. We understand that from time to time, you may have queries or concerns about how we handle your personal information. We’re committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any of your complaints or concerns about privacy. Our customer service team is equipped to assist and respond to requests and if you raise a privacy concern requiring further escalation, your enquiry is sent through to our Privacy Office for review and guidance. We understand that from time to time, you may have queries or concerns about how we handle your personal information. We’re committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any of your complaints or concerns about privacy. Our customer service team is equipped to assist and respond to requests and if you raise a privacy concern requiring further escalation, your enquiry is sent through to our Privacy Office for review and guidance. To contact us with a privacy related complaint or a privacy question, you can: If you remain unsatisfied after your complaint has been addressed by our Privacy Office, you may contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by: Privacy Impact Assessment Register Under the Australian Government Agencies Privacy Code, we must undertake a Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) for all projects that significantly impact the way we handle personal information. The PIA Register records details of the PIAs we have conducted since 1 July 2018. The PIA register will be updated from time to time as new PIAs are completed. Last updated 13 October 2023. Under the Australian Government Agencies Privacy Code, we must undertake a Privacy Impact Assessment (PIA) for all projects that significantly impact the way we handle personal information. The PIA Register records details of the PIAs we have conducted since 1 July 2018. The PIA register will be updated from time to time as new PIAs are completed. Last updated 13 October 2023. Date of Completion Title of Privacy Assessment September 2018 Title of Privacy Assessment Digital iD December 2018 Title of Privacy Assessment Trust Check January 2019 Title of Privacy Assessment Enterprise Data Analytics Platform March 2019 Title of Privacy Assessment Workforce Verification August 2019 Title of Privacy Assessment Time and Attendance February 2020 Title of Privacy Assessment Learning Management System Phase 3 March 2020 Title of Privacy Assessment Secure Email Gateway April 2020 Title of Privacy Assessment Temperature Checks April 2020 Title of Privacy Assessment COVID 19 Safety Investigations August 2020 Title of Privacy Assessment Financial Crimes Platform September 2020 Title of Privacy Assessment Extended Workforce Compliance Management System December 2020 Title of Privacy Assessment Visitor and Contractor COVID Declarations March 2021 Title of Privacy Assessment Even Management Reimagined April 2021 Title of Privacy Assessment Modernise Injury Management and Safety Systems (MIMSS) April 2021 Title of Privacy Assessment Digital iD TDIF Privacy Assessment May 2021 Title of Privacy Assessment Business Credit Account June 2022 Title of Privacy Assessment Digital iD August 2022 Title of Privacy Assessment Property VOI March 2023 Title of Privacy Assessment Oculus D.R.I.V.E September 2023 Title of Privacy Assessment Digital iD Title of Privacy Assessment Digital iD Trust Check Enterprise Data Analytics Platform Workforce Verification Time and Attendance Learning Management System Phase 3 Secure Email Gateway Temperature Checks COVID 19 Safety Investigations Financial Crimes Platform Extended Workforce Compliance Management System Visitor and Contractor COVID Declarations Even Management Reimagined Modernise Injury Management and Safety Systems (MIMSS) Digital iD TDIF Privacy Assessment Business Credit Account Property VOI Oculus D.R.I.V.E Australia Post acknowledges the Traditional Custodians of the land on which we operate, live and gather as ​a team. We recognise their continuing connection ​to land, water and community. We pay respect to Elders ​past, present and emerging.