Wolfram|One Mathematica Wolfram|Alpha Notebook Edition Finance Platform System Modeler Wolfram Player Wolfram Engine WolframScript Enterprise Private Cloud Application Server Enterprise Mathematica Wolfram|Alpha Appliance Enterprise Solutions Resource System Wolfram|Alpha Data Drop Products for Education Mobile Apps Services Wolfram Language Revolutionary knowledge-based programming language. Wolfram Cloud Central infrastructure for Wolfram's cloud products & services. Wolfram Science Technology-enabling science of the computational universe. Wolfram Notebooks The preeminent environment for any technical workflows. Software engine implementing the Wolfram Language. Wolfram Natural Language Understanding System Knowledge-based broadly deployed natural language. Wolfram Data Framework Semantic framework for real-world data. Wolfram Universal Deployment System Instant deployment across cloud, desktop, mobile, and more. Wolfram Knowledgebase Curated computable knowledge powering Wolfram|Alpha. Engineering, R&D Finance, Statistics & Business Analysis Education Tech & Trends Software & Web Sciences Learning Need Help? Premium Support About Work with Us Initiatives  Wolfram understands your concerns about how your information is used and shared, and we endeavor to use such information carefully and sensibly. This policy explains how the information you provide is collected and used, as well as your rights in connection to your information under applicable laws. We may collect both Personal Information (PI) and non-Personal Information (non-PI) about you through your experience on our websites, from your use of our services and products and via other voluntary contact with you (collectively "Services"). The PI we collect through our Services primarily consists of information you submit to us. Because participation in our Services is voluntary, you have a choice of whether or not to disclose such information. The following are categories of PI we have collected in the past 12 months: Identifiers Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) Internet or other similar network activity Geolocation data Sensory data Professional or employment-related information In addition to information that you provide to us voluntarily, we receive some additional PI and non-PI whenever you interact with our Services online, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, referral URLs and other data automatically supplied by most common web browsers. The PI we obtain from users, site participants and visitors helps us enhance and refine our Services. Non-PI collected about you through your experience, queries and feedback is used to better understand the entire population that is utilizing our Services and how we might improve the collective experience. Except as noted below, we track and record IP addresses that access our Services for internal reporting, diagnostic analysis and security purposes only. Your IP address is used to determine, when possible, your approximate geographical location, which affects the computations or outputs provided by our Services for such things as default currency and units of measure based on what country you are in. Your browser type may be used to optimize your display, for example, on mobile devices or to work around limitations of a particular browser. Referrer URLs may be used to generate usage statistics and analyze usage patterns. We do not sell, rent, trade or lease your information to third parties, and have not done so in the past 12 months. Any information we share shall be subject to the parameters associated with your requested Services and preferences. When we share PI, we require the recipient to protect your PI in compliance with the law, including keeping the PI confidential and not using it for any purpose except the specific purpose of performing our Services and only within the direct business relationship with Wolfram. Wolfram may share information with affiliates, partners, service providers, authorized resellers and distributors, and relevant third parties in order to fulfill the limited purposes described herein. In the past 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of PI for a business purpose: Identifiers California Customer Records PI categories Internet or other similar network activity We disclose your PI for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: Our affiliates Service providers Third parties to whom you or your agents authorize us to disclose your PI in connection with products or Services we provide to you Any collected information (PI and non-PI) associated with your use of our Services may also be subject to disclosure to government authorities or other authorized third parties pursuant to a lawful request, subpoena or other process that legally compels disclosure of that information. We may also preserve, use or disclose your information if necessary to enforce our Terms of Use and related agreements; to detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, including suspiciously high-volume use of our Services; to respond to support requests; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our company, our users or others. When you use our Services to connect to or access data from a third-party site ("TPS"), including but not limited to social networking sites, we may collect PI about you from any TPS profile for which you give our Services access credentials. By authorizing these Services to access your TPS profile, you are authorizing us, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, to collect, store and use any and all information that your privacy settings at the TPS allow our Services to access through the TPS application programming interface ("API"). Because the linkage between any TPS and our Services is completely voluntary and our Services' abilities to access your information at the TPS require that linkage, and any information transmitted is controlled by your privacy settings at the TPS, you have a choice of whether or not to disclose such information. From time to time, our Services may contain links to other websites. We do not exercise any control over these websites, and we are not responsible for their privacy practices or content. We encourage all users to read the privacy policies of each and every website visited when following links from our Services. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by our Services. When you visit our websites, they, like most websites, send one or more cookies—small identifiers—to your computer that store information about your session and preferences as well as information that can help improve our Services. While we do use strictly necessary and functional cookies for basic site functionality, as well as security and fraud investigation purposes, our primary purpose in using all other cookies is to enhance and improve your user experience by understanding and remembering your preferences, and by general tracking of our user trends. We utilize the following types of cookies: Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but can typically be configured to block all cookies or block all third-party cookies. Please be aware that our websites may not have full functionality for you if your browser is set to block some or all cookies. Depending on your location, you may also be prompted to provide your consent to all cookies, other than strictly necessary and functional cookies, each time you visit our websites. Any information about you collected by us is retained and protected in accordance with the laws governing your location. We take appropriate measures to ensure the security of our Services. These include precautions to safeguard your PI against loss, theft and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. Despite our efforts to protect your PI, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the internet may be intercepted. Your use of our Services constitutes an acceptance of such risk. Various Wolfram Services offer some functionality for which they must access our data servers through the internet. When they do so, our data servers receive information similar to what our web servers receive when you visit our websites, as well as various Service-specific identifying information. Specifically, using Wolfram|Alpha, or utilizing the Wolfram|Alpha functionality within other Services, will trigger the collection of information about the specific query. Some queries may require collecting additional information, such as session information covering the history of Wolfram Mathematica evaluations or the content of Wolfram Finance Platform notebooks containing the Wolfram|Alpha query. This section is only applicable to Wolfram|Alpha and the Wolfram Cloud: These Services may additionally be accessed through web widgets, scripts or gadgets that are embedded on third-party sites. If you choose to access these Services via such tools, then depending on the third-party technology, your PI and input may be passed on to the third party's servers prior to being processed by our Services. Wolfram Research Asia Limited and/or Wolfram Research, Inc. may obtain email addresses listed within websites owned and operated by your institution with which Wolfram has a preexisting business relationship. Accordingly, an email may be sent with the singular purpose of advising the recipient of the existence of this business relationship and benefits and support the recipient has access to. By using our Services, you are telling us either that you are 18 years or older and legally able to form contracts, or that an adult with authority to act on your behalf has agreed to these terms and to be responsible for ensuring your compliance with them in your use of the Services and any results you obtain from them. If you don't want to be bound by these terms, do not use the Services or their results. Effective January 1, 2023 2023