Search Users: Search  Last updated: July 31, 2023 what changed? July 31, 2023 - removed Cloudflare and Mailgun as 3rd-party providers. We are no longer using their services and instead host similar tools in-house now. November 26, 2021 - improved the explanation of what data we collect and how we use this data - improved the section on the third-party providers we use - added more details about personal information, cookies, and more August 7, 2021 - updated contact information July 31, 2023 - removed Cloudflare and Mailgun as 3rd-party providers. We are no longer using their services and instead host similar tools in-house now. July 31, 2023 November 26, 2021 - improved the explanation of what data we collect and how we use this data - improved the section on the third-party providers we use - added more details about personal information, cookies, and more November 26, 2021 August 7, 2021 - updated contact information August 7, 2021 This policy is effective as of 31 July 2023. Personal information is any information about you which can be used to identify you. This includes information about you as a person (such as name, address, and date of birth), your devices, payment details, and even information about how you use a website or online service. In the event our site contains links to third-party sites and services, please be aware that those sites and services have their own privacy policies. After following a link to any third-party content, you should read their posted privacy policy information about how they collect and use personal information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of your activities after you leave our site. Information we collect falls into one of two categories: "voluntarily provided" information and "automatically collected" information. "Voluntarily provided" information refers to any information you knowingly and actively provide us when using or participating in any of our services and promotions. "Automatically collected" information refers to any information automatically sent by your devices in the course of accessing our products and services. When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. It may include your device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, and other details about your visit. Additionally, if you encounter certain errors while using the site, we may automatically collect data about the error and the circumstances surrounding its occurrence. This data may include technical details about your device, what you were trying to do when the error happened, and other technical information relating to the problem. You may or may not receive notice of such errors, even in the moment they occur, that they have occurred, or what the nature of the error is. Please be aware that while this information may not be personally identifying by itself, it may be possible to combine it with other data to personally identify individual persons. We may ask for personal information — for example, when you create an account, submit content or when you contact us — which may include one or more of the following: We consider "user-generated content" to be materials (text, audio, image and/or video content) voluntarily supplied to us by our users for the purpose of publication on our website or re-publishing on our social media channels. All user-generated content is associated with the account or email address used to submit the materials. Please be aware that any content you submit for the purpose of publication will be public after posting (and subsequent review or vetting process). Once published, it may be accessible to third parties not covered under this privacy policy. We only collect and use your personal information when we have a legitimate reason for doing so. In which instance, we only collect personal information that is reasonably necessary to provide our services to you. We may collect personal information from you when you do any of the following on our website: We may collect, hold, use, and disclose information for the following purposes, and personal information will not be further processed in a manner that is incompatible with these purposes: We may combine voluntarily provided and automatically collected personal information. When we collect and process personal information, and while we retain this information, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification. Although we will do our best to protect the personal information you provide to us, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and no one can guarantee absolute data security. You are responsible for selecting any password and its overall security strength, ensuring the security of your own information within the bounds of our services. For example, ensuring any passwords associated with accessing your personal information and accounts are secure and confidential. We keep your personal information only for as long as we need to. This time period may depend on what we are using your information for, in accordance with this privacy policy. For example, if you have provided us with personal information as part of creating an account with us, we may retain this information for the duration your account exists on our system. If your personal information is no longer required for this purpose, we will delete it or make it anonymous by removing all details that identify you. However, if necessary, we may retain your personal information for our compliance with a legal, accounting, or reporting obligation or for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific, or historical research purposes or statistical purposes. We do not aim any of our products or services directly at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information about children under 13. We may disclose personal information to: Third parties we currently use include: Hetzner Bunny.net PayPal Your choice: By providing personal information to us, you understand we will collect, hold, use, and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. You do not have to provide personal information to us, however, if you do not, it may affect your use of our website or the products and/or services offered on or through it. Information from third parties: If we receive personal information about you from a third party, we will protect it as set out in this privacy policy. If you are a third party providing personal information about somebody else, you represent and warrant that you have such person’s consent to provide the personal information to us. Marketing permission: If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us using the details below.by contacting us using the details below. Access: You may request details of the personal information that we hold about you. Correction: If you believe that any information we hold about you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading, please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, or out of date. Non-discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights over your personal information. Unless your personal information is required to provide you with a particular service or offer (for example providing user support), we will not deny you goods or services and/or charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties, or provide you with a different level or quality of goods or services. Notification of data breaches: We will comply with laws applicable to us in respect of any data breach. Complaints: If you believe that we have breached a relevant data protection law and wish to make a complaint, please contact us using the details below and provide us with full details of the alleged breach. We will promptly investigate your complaint and respond to you, in writing, setting out the outcome of our investigation and the steps we will take to deal with your complaint. You also have the right to contact a regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to your complaint. Unsubscribe: To unsubscribe from our email database or opt-out of communications (including marketing communications), please contact us using the details provided in this privacy policy, or opt-out using the opt-out facilities provided in the communication. We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity. We use "cookies" to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit, so we can understand how you use our site. This helps us serve you content based on preferences you have specified. Essential cookies are crucial to your experience of a website, enabling core features like user logins, account management, shopping carts, and payment processing. We use essential cookies to enable certain functions on our website. Essential cookies Functionality cookies are used to store any settings you may configure on the website you’re visiting (like language and time zone settings). With this information, websites can provide you with customized, enhanced, or optimized content and services. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. We use functionality cookies for selected features on our site. Functionality cookies We do not use any performance or targeting/advertising cookies on our site. If we or our assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, we would include data, including your personal information, among the assets transferred to any parties who acquire us. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any parties who acquire us may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, continue to use your personal information according to this policy, which they will be required to assume as it is the basis for any ownership or use rights we have over such information. Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices. At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect updates to our business processes, current acceptable practices, or legislative or regulatory changes. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post the changes here at the same link by which you are accessing this privacy policy. If the changes are significant, or if required by applicable law, we will contact you (based on your selected preferences for communications from us) and all our registered users with the new details and links to the updated or changed policy. If required by law, we will get your permission or give you the opportunity to opt in to or opt out of, as applicable, any new uses of your personal information. Where the disclosure of your personal information is solely subject to Australian privacy laws, you acknowledge that some third parties may not be regulated by the Privacy Act and the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act. You acknowledge that if any such third party engages in any act or practice that contravenes the Australian Privacy Principles, it would not be accountable under the Privacy Act, and you will not be able to seek redress under the Privacy Act. The GDPR distinguishes between organisations that process personal information for their own purposes (known as "data controllers") and organizations that process personal information on behalf of other organizations (known as "data processors"). We, SpaceHey, located at the address provided in our Contact Us section, are a Data Controller with respect to the personal information you provide to us. We will only collect and use your personal information when we have a legal right to do so. In which case, we will collect and use your personal information lawfully, fairly, and in a transparent manner. If we seek your consent to process your personal information, and you are under 16 years of age, we will seek your parent or legal guardian’s consent to process your personal information for that specific purpose. Our lawful bases depend on the services you use and how you use them. This means we only collect and use your information on the following grounds: Where you give us consent to collect and use your personal information for a specific purpose. You may withdraw your consent at any time using the facilities we provide; however this will not affect any use of your information that has already taken place. When you contact us, you may consent to your name and email address being used so we can respond to your enquiry. While you may request that we delete your contact details at any time, we cannot recall any email we have already sent. If you have any further enquiries about how to withdraw your consent, please feel free to enquire using the details provided in the Contact Us section of this privacy policy. Where you have entered into a contract or transaction with us, or in order to take preparatory steps prior to our entering into a contract or transaction with you. For example, if you contact us with an enquiry, we may require personal information such as your name and contact details in order to respond. Where we assess it is necessary for our legitimate interests, such as for us to provide, operate, improve and communicate our services. We consider our legitimate interests to include research and development, understanding our audience, marketing and promoting our services, measures taken to operate our services efficiently, marketing analysis, and measures taken to protect our legal rights and interests. In some cases, we may have a legal obligation to use or keep your personal information. Such cases may include (but are not limited to) court orders, criminal investigations, government requests, and regulatory obligations. If you have any further enquiries about how we retain personal information in order to comply with the law, please feel free to enquire using the details provided in the Contact Us section of this privacy policy. We will ensure that any transfer of personal information from countries in the European Economic Area (EEA) to countries outside the EEA will be protected by appropriate safeguards, for example by using standard data protection clauses approved by the European Commission, or the use of binding corporate rules or other legally accepted means. Restrict: You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information if (i) you are concerned about the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) you believe your personal information has been unlawfully processed; (iii) you need us to maintain the personal information solely for the purpose of a legal claim; or (iv) we are in the process of considering your objection in relation to processing on the basis of legitimate interests. Objecting to processing: You have the right to object to processing of your personal information that is based on our legitimate interests or public interest. If this is done, we must provide compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which overrides your interests, rights, and freedoms, in order to proceed with the processing of your personal information. Data portability: You may have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you. Where possible, we will provide this information in JSON format or other easily readable machine format. You may also have the right to request that we transfer this personal information to a third party. You can find our contact details at the end of this privacy policy. In the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information enumerated in the California Consumer Privacy Act: For more information on information we collect, including the sources we receive information from, review the "Information We Collect" section. We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business purposes described in the "Collection and Use of Information" section, including to provide and manage our Service. For any questions or concerns regarding your privacy, you may contact us using the following details: Tibush GmbH Disclaimer: This is a fan-based project and is not affiliated with MySpace® in any way.