 Menu Legal Your privacy is important. As of 5 December, we've updated our Privacy Policy to make it easier to read and include additional detail. Spotify Privacy Policy Effective as of 5 December 2023 1. About this Policy This Privacy Policy describes how we process your personal data at Spotify USA Inc. From now on, we'll call it the 'Policy'. It applies to your use of: all Spotify streaming services as a user. For example this includes: your use of Spotify on any device the personalization of your user experience. Watch to learn more about this the infrastructure required to provide our services connection of your Spotify account with another application both our free or paid streaming options (each a '') Service Option other Spotify services which include a link to this Policy. These include Spotify websites, Customer Service and the Community Site From now on, we'll collectively call these the ''. Spotify Service From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. They'll also be subject to this Policy, unless stated otherwise when we introduce them. In some cases, we may provide different or additional policies or notices about our information practices. For example, if you reside in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia, our applies in addition to this Policy. This Policy is ... not the Spotify , which is a separate document. The Terms of Use outline the legal contract between you and Spotify for using the Spotify Service. It also describes the rules of Spotify and your user rights about your use of other Spotify services which have their own privacy policy. Other Spotify services include Anchor and Megaphone. Other resources and settings Key information about your personal data is right here in this Policy. However, you might want to take a look at our other privacy resources and controls: : A user-friendly hub with summaries of key topics and helpful videos. It includes the 'Your Privacy Controls' video which shows you how to exercise your user rights and make choices about the way we process your data. See for more on user rights. : Control the processing of certain personal data, including . Set which marketing communications you get from Spotify. Settings (found in the Desktop and Mobile versions of Spotify): Control certain aspects of the Spotify Service such as 'Social' or 'Explicit Content'. On the 'Social' setting, you can: start a Private session choose whether to share what you listen to on Spotify with your followers choose whether to show your recently played artists on your public profile On the 'Explicit Content' setting you can control whether explicit-rated content can be played on your Spotify account. : Information on how we use cookies and how to manage your cookie preferences. Cookies are files saved on your phone, tablet or computer when you visit a website. 2. Your personal data rights and controls Privacy laws give certain rights to individuals over their personal data. The table below explains: your rights circumstances when they apply how to use them You can also watch our video about . Be informed Be informed of the personal data we process about you and how we process it. through this Policy through information provided to you as you use the Spotify Service by answering your specific questions and requests when you Know/ Access Request to know and access the personal data we process about you. use the ‘Download your data’ tool in your account , or Correction Request that we amend or update your personal data where it’s inaccurate. Deletion Request that we delete certain of your personal data. it’s still necessary to process the data for the purpose we collected it for we have an overriding interest in continuing to process the data, for example where we need the data to protect our services from fraud Spotify has a legal obligation to keep the data, or Spotify needs the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. For example, if there’s an unresolved issue relating to your account to remove audio content from your profile select the relevant content and choose to remove it. For example, you can remove playlists from your profile, or remove a track from your playlist to request deletion of your other personal data from Spotify (and thus close your account), follow the steps on our . This data includes your User Data, Usage Data and other data listed in you can also to request deletion or reach out to customer support via our Right to Opt-Out Request to opt out of the processing of your personal data for ‘sharing’ or ‘targeted advertising’ purposes, as defined under certain privacy laws. Data portability Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service. Not be subject to automated decision making Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect. Withdrawal of consent Withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal data. adjust the relevant control on Spotify Verifying requests, generally To verify a consumer request to know, request to delete, and request to correct, we ask you to provide certain details related to your Spotify account. Please note, if you do not have a Spotify account we will not have enough information about you to verify your identity and respond to your requests, as we do not keep sufficient information necessary to re-identify and link you to a prior visit to the Spotify Service where data may have been collected. As such, we will be unable to verify and honor your requests. Household requests If all the members of a household make an access, correction or deletion request, we will respond as if the requests are individual requests. Tailored advertising controls What is tailored advertising? This is when we use information about your use of our Services and other websites and mobile apps to tailor ads to be more relevant to you. This is also known as interest based advertising, targeted advertising, or 'sharing' for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. An example of tailored advertising is when an advertising partner has information suggesting you like cars. This could enable us to show you ads about cars. How to control tailored advertising: You can control tailored advertising in your account under 'Tailored Ads'. If you do not have an account or are not logged in, you can also opt-out by clicking the link at the footer of our website You can also control tailored advertising for some podcasts using the link in the episode's show description. This applies where the content provider inserts advertising into the podcast to fund it. The hosting provider, which might not be Spotify, manages these controls for the podcast. If you are 'opted out' of Tailored Ads in your , you may still get advertising. This can include on our free Service Option, as well as our paid Service Option, as applicable (for example, advertising in podcasts). This type of advertising is based on your registration information and what you are currently listening to on our services. For example, if you are listening to a cooking podcast, you may hear an ad for a food processor. Appropriate age for tailored advertising: The appropriate age for tailored advertising is determined by the country you are in and what rules apply to tailored advertising in that country. You will not receive Tailored Ads unless you have reached the appropriate age. You will not be able to 'opt-in' to Tailored Ads if you are under the appropriate age. You will start to receive Tailored Ads once you reach the appropriate age for your country. When this happens, you will receive a message within the Spotify Service to let you know. This message will contain a link to the where you can change your preferences or 'opt-out' of Tailored Ads at any time. 3. Personal data we collect about you These tables set out the categories of personal data we collect from you. You can also watch our video about . Categories Description profile name email address password phone number date of birth gender street address (see further details below) country university/college (for Spotify Premium Student) to check eligibility for a Service Option to deliver notices which are required by law to deliver support options for billing and tax administration to deliver physical goods or gifts which you have requested information about your Spotify Service Option your actions with the Spotify Service (including date and time), such as: search queries streaming history playlists you create your library browsing history account settings interactions with other Spotify users your use of third party services, devices and applications in connection with the Spotify Service inferences (i.e., our understanding) of your interests and preferences based on your usage of the Spotify Service content you provide when participating in Spotify promotions, such as contests or sweepstakes content you post to any part of the Spotify Service. For example: images, audio, text, titles, descriptions, communications, and other types of content Your technical data URL information online identifiers such as and IP addresses information about the devices you use such as: device IDs network connection type (e.g. wifi, 4G, LTE, Bluetooth) provider network and device performance browser type language information enabling digital rights management operating system Spotify application version information which enables us to discover and connect with third party devices and applications. Examples of this information are the device name, device identifiers, brand and version. Examples of third party devices and applications are: devices on your wifi network (such as speakers) which can connect to the Spotify Service devices your operating system makes available when connecting via Bluetooth, plugin, and installation Spotify partner applications to determine whether the application is installed on your device Your general (non-precise) location meet geographic requirements in our agreements with the owners of content on the Spotify Service deliver content and advertising that’s relevant to you Your device sensor data name payment method type (e.g. credit or debit card) if using a debit or credit card, the card type, expiration date, and certain digits of your card numberNote: For security, we never store your full card number ZIP/postal code mobile phone number details of your purchase and payment history We receive some of the data mentioned above from third parties. The below table describes the categories of those third parties. Categories of third parties social media devices including: audio (e.g. speakers and headphones) smart watches televisions mobile phones and tablets automotive (e.g. cars) games consoles services or platforms such as voice assistants or content platforms send you invoices process your payment give you what you’ve purchased calculate any commissions owed to us analyze the effectiveness of our partnership with these merchant partners understand your interests If you download the Spotify mobile app and try Spotify using a logged out user experience, we will collect limited information about your usage of the Spotify Service, including Usage Data. We do this to understand how you are accessing and using the Service. We also do this to ensure we provide the right experience for you, for example based on your country or region. If you decide to create a Spotify account to experience our service in full, then we will combine this data with your Spotify account data. 4. Our purpose for using your personal data The table below sets out: our purpose for processing your personal data categories of personal data which we use for each purpose. See more about these categories in set up an account for you personalize your account, or provide the Spotify app when you download it onto your device User Data Street Address Data Usage Data Payment and Purchase Data Survey and Research Data we use personal data to develop and improve our personalized recommendation algorithms we analyze how our users react to a particular new feature and see whether we should make any changes an obligation under the law of the country / region you are in Swedish law (because of our headquarters in Sweden), or EU law that applies to us 5. Disclosing your personal data This section sets out who receives personal data which is collected or generated through your use of the Spotify Service. Publicly available information The following personal data will always be publicly available on the Spotify Service (except to any user you have blocked): your profile name your profile photo your public playlists other content you post on the Spotify Service, and any associated titles, descriptions and images You or another user can share certain information on third party services, like social media or messaging platforms. This includes: your profile any content you post on Spotify and details about that content your playlists and any associated titles, descriptions and images When this sharing occurs, the third party service may store a copy of it to support their features. Personal data you may choose to disclose We will only disclose the following personal data with those outlined in the table below where you have chosen to use a Spotify Service feature, or a third party application, service or device, and we need to disclose personal data to enable this, or if you otherwise grant us your permission to disclose the personal data. For example, you can do it by selecting the appropriate setting in the Spotify Service or by giving your consent. social media applications speaker devices automotive platforms voice assistants Information we may disclose See this table for details of who we disclose to and why. give customer support operate the technical infrastructure we need to provide the Spotify Service assist in protecting and securing our systems and services (e.g. Google’s reCAPTCHA) help market Spotify’s (and our partners’) products, services, events and promotions verify your eligibility for certain types of Service Options (e.g., Spotify Premium Student) enable you to participate in Spotify promotions, including trials or other bundled offers to promote Spotify in media and advertising published on other online services help us and our partners to measure the effectiveness of Spotify promotions marketing or sponsorship partners websites and mobile apps who sell us advertising space on their services device, app and mobile partners who also offer Spotify promotions enabling our employees who work for different group companies to develop and improve features for the Spotify Service disclosing data to our measurement companies to measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns that run on the Spotify Service disclosing data to our podcast companies to better understand user listening trends to comply with a legal obligation to respond to a valid legal process (such as a search warrant, court order, or subpoena) for our own or a third party’s justifiable interest, relating to: national security law enforcement litigation (a court case) criminal investigation protecting someone’s safety preventing death or imminent bodily harm 6. Data retention We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Spotify Service and for Spotify's legitimate and essential business purposes, such as: maintaining the performance of the Spotify Service making data-driven business decisions about new features and offerings complying with our legal obligations resolving disputes Here are some of the categories of our retention periods, and the criteria we use to determine them: It's your right to request that we delete certain of your personal data. See the section on 'Deletion' in for more information, and the circumstances in which we can act on your request. You can also delete certain personal data directly from the Spotify Service: for example, you can edit or delete your profile picture. Where users are able to see and update the personal data themselves, we keep the information for as long as the user chooses unless one of the limited purposes described below applies. Data retained until you remove it We have set certain retention periods so that some data expires after a specific period of time. For example, personal data you may input as part of search queries is generally deleted after 90 days. Data that expires after a specific period of time We keep some data until your Spotify account is deleted. Examples of this include your Spotify username and profile information. We also typically keep streaming history for the life of an account, for example, to provide retrospective playlists that users enjoy and personalized recommendations that take listening habits into account (for example, Your Time Capsule or Your Summer Rewind). When your Spotify account is deleted, this category of data is deleted or de-identified. Data retained until your Spotify account is deleted After your account is deleted, we keep some data for a longer time period but for very limited purposes. For example, we may be subject to legal or contractual obligations that require this. These may include mandatory data retention laws, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data kept for the purposes of litigation. We may also keep data that has been removed from the Spotify Service for a limited period of time. This could be: Data retained for extended time periods for limited purposes to help ensure user safety, or to protect against harmful content on our platform. This helps us investigate potential breaches of our and . On the other hand, we will remove unlawful content if the law requires us to do so. 7. Transfer to other countries Because of the global nature of our business, Spotify transfers personal data internationally with Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners when carrying out the activities described in this Policy. Whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we use tools to make sure the data transfer complies with applicable law. We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use: technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymization policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests 8. Keeping your personal data safe We're committed to protecting our users' personal data. We put in place appropriate technical and organizational measures to help protect the security of your personal data. However, be aware that no system is ever completely secure. We have put various safeguards in place to guard against unauthorized access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems. These include pseudonymization, encryption, access, and retention policies. To protect your user account, we encourage you to: use a strong password which you use for your Spotify account only never share your password with anyone limit access to your computer and browser log out once you have finished using the Spotify Service on a shared device read more detail on You can log out of Spotify in multiple places at once by using the 'Sign out everywhere' function on . If other individuals have access to your Spotify account, then they can access personal data, controls and the Spotify Service available in your account. For example, you might have allowed someone to use your account on a shared device. It's your responsibility to only allow individuals to use your account where you're comfortable sharing this personal data with them. Anyone else's use of your Spotify account may impact your personalized recommendations and be included in your data download. 9. Children Note: This Policy doesn't apply to Spotify Kids unless the says so. Spotify Kids is a separate Spotify application. The Spotify Service has a minimum 'Age Limit' in each country or region. The Spotify Service is not directed to children whose age: is under the age of 13 years makes it illegal to process their personal data, or requires parental consent to process their personal data We do not knowingly collect or use personal data from children under the applicable Age Limit. If you're under the Age Limit, do not use the Spotify Service, and do not provide any personal data to us. Instead, we recommend using a account. If you're a parent of a child under the Age Limit and become aware that your child has provided personal data to Spotify, . If we learn that we've collected the personal data of a child under the applicable Age Limit, we'll take reasonable steps to delete the personal data. This may require us to delete the Spotify account for that child. When using a shared device on the main Spotify Service, be cautious about playing or recommending any inappropriate content to individuals under 18 years old. 10. Changes to this Policy We may occasionally make changes to this Policy. When we make material changes to this Policy, we'll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances. For example, we may display a prominent notice within the Spotify Service or send you an email or device notification. 11. How to contact us For any questions or concerns about this Policy, contact our Data Protection Officer any one of these ways: email write to us at: Spotify USA Inc., 150 Greenwich Street, Floor 62, New York, NY 10007, USA Spotify USA Inc. is the data controller of personal data processed under this Policy. © Spotify USA Inc.