defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. This service is only available to users over a certain age. Third parties may be involved in operating the service. The service uses your personal data for advertising. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. There is a date of the last update of the terms. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes.. The service has a no refund policy. They may stop providing the service at any time. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. Spidering or crawling is not allowed. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This services gives no guarantee regarding quality. Usernames can be rejected for any reason. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. You have the right to leave this service at any time. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The court of law governing the terms is in location X. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. The service provides a free help desk. You waive your right to a class action.. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. You maintain ownership of your content. This service states risks of public information. You waive your moral rights. This service can license user content to third parties. This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future . This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision