Back Safety Center Controlling Your Experience Parents & Educators How We Enforce Rules Moderator Academy Basics Setup and Function Advanced Community Management Moderation Seminars Graduate Author Credits Archived Versions Effective: March 27, 2023Last Updated: February 24, 2023‍ ‍ Welcome! Discord is your place to find community The information we collect 3.1 Information you provide to us 3.2 Information we collect automatically 3.3 Information we receive from other sources How we use your information How we disclose your information Data retention How we protect your information How to control your privacy International data transfers Services offered by third parties Data Protection Officer Information for Users in the EEA, United Kingdom, Switzerland, and Brazil Information for Users in Certain U.S. States Changes to this Privacy Policy Contact us We created Discord to be a platform that brings people together over shared experiences and gives everyone a place to belong. Whether you’re part of a club, gaming group, or just a handful of friends that want to spend time together, Discord makes it easy to express yourself and find community. We make money from paid subscriptions and the sale of digital (and sometimes physical) goods, not from selling your personal information to third parties. We collect certain information when you use Discord. This includes information you provide to us, information we collect automatically, and information we receive from other sources. We also collect information automatically from you when you use Discord. This includes: We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other users and third parties, and combine that information with the other information we have about you. For example, if you interact with our social media account on another platform, we may receive certain information about you like your username on that platform. We use your information for the following purposes: ‍To fulfill our contract with you For our legitimate business interests To comply with our legal obligations We retain and use your information in connection with potential legal claims when necessary and for compliance, regulatory, and auditing purposes. For example, we retain information where we are required by law or if we are compelled to do so by a court order or regulatory body. Also, when you exercise any of your applicable legal rights to access, amend, or delete your personal information, we may request additional information from you for the purpose of confirming your identity. ‍With your consent ‍We may also collect and use personal information with your consent, such as to send you marketing communications where legally required. You can revoke your consent at any time (mostly through our services directly), though note that you might not be able to use any service or feature that requires collection or use of that personal information. ‍To protect someone’s vital interests We may collect or share personal data if we think someone’s life is in danger—for example, to help resolve an urgent medical situation. We believe that users should be able to tailor their Discord experience to their preferences, including privacy. And while local laws may require different things, we believe that our users should have at least the same basic ability to shape their experience no matter where they are in the world. Here’s how you can control how we process your information, how to delete or correct certain information, and how to request access to your information. Users in certain places may have specific rights under their local laws. You can learn more about these in the relevant sections below. ‍Be aware of the Discord spaces you choose to participate in You can choose what communities to participate in and what information you add to our services. You can choose what messages to send or post, who to engage with (e.g., one or more particular users or a potentially unlimited group of users), what information to include in your profile, whether to connect any third party services to your Discord account, and more. For example, if you share content in certain spaces, such as servers listed in Server Discovery or with public invite links, your content may be accessed by anyone. ‍Customize your personal Discord settings We offer a number of settings that allow you to tailor your experience within Discord. Some of these relate to specific features: for example, you can choose whether to display your current activity (like the game you are playing or the music you are listening to) in your status in your User Settings page (this is the gear icon next to your username). You can also access other privacy-specific settings in your User Settings. For example, you can decide which types of direct messages are scanned for explicit content, who can add you as a friend, and more. This is also where you can limit certain types of processing of your information: Disable or delete your account Manage your content and servers You may edit or delete specific pieces of information within the services: Access your information To control how information is collected and used from cookies on the services, you can take one or more of the following steps. If you disable or remove cookies, some parts of the services may not function properly. Information may be collected to remember your opt-out preferences. We are based in the United States, and we process and store information on servers located in the United States. We may also store information on servers and equipment in other countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service providers. These data transfers allow us to provide our services to you. By accessing or using our services or otherwise providing information to us, you understand that your information will be processed, transferred, and stored in the U.S. and other countries, where different data protection standards may apply and/or you may not have the same rights as you do under local law. We allow third party developers to build certain features or other services and offer them within the Discord services. For example, server administrators can add “bots” created by third party developers that provide features like content moderation and interactive games. Similarly, you may have access to games or activities built by third parties within the services. We’ve appointed VeraSafe as Discord’s representative in the United Kingdom for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the UK General Data Protection Regulation. See the section “Contact Us” below. You can contact VeraSafe only on matters related to the processing of personal data. Certain local laws, such as the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and Brazil’s Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD), require services to provide information about the information they collect, how they use it, and the lawful basis for processing it. We’ve described most of that already in the earlier portions of this Policy. You also have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights. You may also have the right to opt out of “sales” of your information and “sharing/processing of your information for targeted advertising.” We do not sell the personal data of our users or share personal data for targeted advertising purposes. Certain information may be exempt from the requests above under applicable law. For example, we need to retain certain information in order to provide our services to you. We also need to take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request. If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on a user’s behalf (where permitted), we may require proof of your written authorization before processing the request. Depending on applicable law, you may have the right to appeal our decision to deny your request. In addition to the rights described above, consumers residing in California are afforded the right to certain additional information with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act or (“CCPA”). If you are a California resident, this section applies to you. California’s “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties, as defined under applicable law, for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share your personal information with third-parties for their own direct marketing purposes. Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We always indicate the date the last changes were published, and if changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice as required by law, such as by emailing you or highlighting the changes within the services.‍ We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We always indicate the date the last changes were published, and if changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice as required by law, such as by emailing you or highlighting the changes within the services. You can also reach us by mail if you want. If you reside in the EEA or United Kingdom, you can contact us at: Discord Netherlands BV ATTN: Privacy Policy Schiphol Boulevard 195 1118BG Schiphol, Amsterdam, the Netherlands If you reside anywhere else, you can contact us at: Discord Inc. 444 De Haro Street #200 San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd. 37 Albert Embankment London SE1 7TL United Kingdom English, USA Product Company Resources Policies