The service has non-exclusive use of your content. You have the right to leave this service at any time. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. This service is only available to users over a certain age. Spidering or crawling is not allowed. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. The service can intervene in user disputes. This service can license user content to third parties. Third parties may be involved in operating the service. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. The court of law governing the terms is in location X. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. They may stop providing the service at any time. There is a date of the last update of the terms. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Usernames can be rejected for any reason. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. The copyright license that users grant this service is limited to the parties that make up the service's broader platform.. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country. You waive your right to a class action.. This service keeps a license on user-generated content even after users close their accounts.. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. Service can block or censor user communications. Your account can be suspended for several reasons