There is a date of the last update of the agreements. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. You have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. This service is only available to users over a certain age. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. You waive your right to a class action.. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. Archives of their agreements are provided so that changes can be viewed over time. You are not being tracked. No third-party analytics or tracking platforms are used. You will be notified if personal data has been affected by data breaches. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition. Your feedback is invited regarding changes to the terms.. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed.  Pseudonyms are allowed. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. You are informed about the risk of publishing personal info online. Your personal data is not sold. The service claims to be GDPR compliant for European users. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed