You have the right to leave this service at any time. You maintain ownership of your content. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. You agree to comply with the law of the service's country. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. Your account can be suspended for several reasons.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . many third parties are involved in This serviceting the service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Critical changes to the terms are made without user involvement. This service is only available to users over a certain age. You aren’t allowed to publicly post private messages. Content you post may be edited by the service for any reason. The court of law governing the terms is in location X. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable. This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites. Specific content can be deleted without reason and may be removed without prior notice. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. third parties are involved in This serviceting the service. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values.