III. Archive Privacy Policy
A. Who runs the Archive
The Archive is a project of the Organization for Transformative Works (OTW), which is committed to fan privacy. For more information about how you can support the OTW, please see the OTW Website. This Privacy Policy governs the Archive.

B. This TOS, including the Privacy Policy, applies only to the Archive
This Privacy Policy covers the Archive's treatment of personally identifying information submitted to us, and which we collect when you use our services in the course of ordinary communications. Each site or Service hosted by the OTW has its own Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. The OTW or users of its Services may provide links to or content via sites that are owned or controlled by third parties, and may use such sites, including Twitter and Tumblr, to communicate information about the OTW and its family of sites including the Archive. The OTW has no control over such sites or their terms of use or privacy policies, and you agree that the OTW is not responsible for and does not endorse their content, terms or availability. If you follow links off the Archive, you should review those sites' privacy policies, which may be different, and for which the Archive takes no responsibility.

C. About possible changes:
If these Terms of Service and/or this Privacy Policy change at any point in the future, we will post the policy changes to the Archive of Our Own. Such changes will be used only for information provided by those who have visited, used, or accessed the Service after the effective date of such policy changes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at the Archive site periodically to review the policies.

D. Archive adherence to the TOS:
If you feel that this Service is not following its stated information policy, please contact Archive Personnel.

E. What we will do:
Any information you include in your work, comment, profile, bookmark, summary, or other Content, including information about your religious views, political views or your sexual identity, or any personally identifying information such as your email address, location, or account User Name for other sites will be accessible by the general public if the Content is marked public, and by Archive users and personnel if the Content is marked accessible to Archive users only. If you save the Content in Draft form, it will be accessible by certain Archive personnel.

We may collect personally identifying information such as your IP address and e-mail address when you request an Archive invitation, register for a user account with the Archive, visit any of the sites and services that are part of the OTW family of sites, or use any of the Archive's Services. We may use third-party services to store, process, or transmit data, or perform other technical functions related to operating the Service. These services may include spam detectors, backup services, icon hosting, and e-mail services; a list of third-party services is provided in our Subprocessor List. We cannot guarantee other services' performance. We or the services we use may store or process your personally identifying information in data centers which may be located in the United States or other countries.

We will use your email address internally for purposes of managing AO3 and maintaining site integrity; if you agree to allow your email address to be public, it will be public and you can change that setting any time. You can choose to leave it private, or make it public on the Site; if you opt to make it public, everyone has the ability to access it and use it for any purpose. We may occasionally send emails to you from the Archive about your Content and account, the Archive and our fundraisers, as well as news that we reasonably believe to be of interest to our registered users; we will send you your invitation to register for the Archive via email as well. By creating and maintaining a User Account on and with AO3, you consent to receiving such emails, including fundraising emails. We reserve the right to send you notice of complaints raised against you, or alleged violations by you of the Terms of Service, as well as to reply to any email message you send to the Archive and/or its personnel. If you choose to participate in a Challenge, the Challenge maintainer(s) may have access to your e-mail address for purposes of communicating with you (See Section V.I.a. below for discussion of Challenges).

We collect, process and retain the following data for the following reasons:

E-mail Addresses: We collect email addresses of and from those who communicate with us via email and any Content or Personal Data included in emails to us. We need this information so we can respond to you, and so we can handle complaints about the Service and any users who may have violated the Terms of Use or other policies, and for other legal and accounting/audit reasons including maintaining the integrity of the Archive and the Content that we host;

User-Specific Information: We collect information about what pages users access or visit including your interactions with integral Archive features such as Kudos, Comments, Bookmarks and the tags that you "favorite", as well as referral information (i.e. data about what site you are coming to the Archive from) and whether there are errors in displaying Content to you. We need this information to maintain the integrity of the site, the Service and the Content that we host; to provide you with the Content that you are seeking; to minimize "gaming" Kudos counts and spam; and for other legal and accounting/audit reasons.

You consent to our collection, processing, retention and display of your Content, including personal data, when you upload a work in a manner that is available to all Archive users, or the general public, depending on which you choose. We need such consent because your purpose in and reason for uploading Content to the Archive is for that Content to be visible to users, and if you opt to, for it to be visible to the general public.

You consent to our collection, processing and retention of your Content, and personal information connected therewith, including display to you and certain Archive personnel when you upload a work in "Draft" form. We need such consent because your purpose in and reason for uploading such Draft Content to the Archive is for that Content to be accessible to you at a later date. In order for that Content to be available to you, it also needs to be accessible to those on the Archive team who have access to our servers, and to the Board, Policy & Abuse and Legal committees if necessary to enforce these Terms of Service and maintain the integrity of the Service.

You consent to our collection, processing, retention and display of personal information and Content you submit for inclusion on your Profile Page. We need such consent because your purpose in and reason for including information in your Profile is for that Content to be visible to the general public.

You consent to our collection, processing, retention and display of text that you submit as Comments, as well as your personal information associated therewith. We need such consent because your purpose in and reason for submitting a Comment is for that Content to be visible to the general public.

When you are logged in, you consent to our collection, processing, retention, display and use of your User Name as well as our association of it with Kudos that you submit. We need such consent because your purpose in and reason for submitting Kudos is for that Content to be visible to the general public.

Whether you are logged in or not, you consent to our collection, processing, retention and use of your IP address for a limited time, including when you give Kudos. We need this consent because your purpose in and reason for submitting Kudos is to engage publicly with the Content that you enjoyed without publicly associating your Kudos with a User Name, and you wish for such Kudos to be publicly visible and disassociated from your Archive Account, if you have one; and because we endeavour to count only one view of a URL per cookie session on the "Hit" count for a work. Temporarily collecting, processing, and retaining IP addresses permits us to conduct internal management of Kudos and Hits.

IP Addresses: we collect and process the IP addresses of Archive visitors, including registered users. We need this information so we can provide you with the Content that you are requesting, to allow you to submit Comments, Content and Profile information, and leave Kudos, and for other legal and accounting audit reasons including maintaining the integrity of the Archive and the Content that we host. Certain IP information may be collected by the server for log purposes and used for limited technical assessments of the Service.

Logs: We collect and process Logs of server interactions, as well as event logs. We need this information for legal and accounting/audit reasons, including maintaining the integrity of the Archive and the Content that we host.

Cookies: We use cookies to collect and store visitors' preferences; customize web pages' content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends; and record activity at the Archive in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site. Cookies must be enabled for the Archive to function properly with your computer. The Archive has no access to cookies set by other sites.

If for any reason you terminate your user account with us, we will destroy active records containing your Personal Data as soon as reasonably possible. "Reasonably" here means no more than thirty business days from the termination of the account; however, we may have to retain some information for a longer period as legal records or for auditing purposes. If we terminate your service, we may retain enough information to prevent you from signing up for the service in the future. If you delete Content from the Archive, it will not be recoverable.

If we receive a complaint about a violation of someone's intellectual property rights, we reserve the right to disclose the information provided by the rightsholder or the rightsholder's representative to the subject of the complaint. If we receive a complaint about other matters, such as plagiarism or harassment, we will follow the Abuse Policy, which explains what information provided by the complainant may be disclosed to the subject of the complaint.

F. What we will not do:
The OTW will not provide any third party with any of your personal information or any of the information we collect, except as provided under our Terms of Service. We will not use your personally identifying information to market third party products and services to you via the Archive.

We will not sell, trade, or rent your personally identifying information. Except as provided under this policy, we will not disclose your personally identifying information to any third party without your prior consent unless we (1) are legally compelled to do so, (2) have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, or legal process served on the OTW, or (3) are cooperating with law enforcement authorities. As to (3), we will cooperate with all investigations conducted by law enforcement authorities within the United States of America when legally required to do so. Cooperation with law enforcement authorities from other countries and cooperation when it is not legally required are at our sole discretion. Our discretion looks favorably on freedom and justice, and unfavorably on oppression and violence.

Unless legally prohibited, we will attempt to notify you any time we disclose your personally identifying information to a third party. In some cases, the information we have, such as an IP address, may be insufficient for us to notify you.