​ Free software, free society, free education! ​ We can only learn in freedom if the software we use is free. Your donation helps us bring free software to learning environments around the world. What better way is there to learn about free software than by using it? Free software in education is vital for a free society. Together, we can build a future in which everyone will be able to learn in freedom and will know their rights as a user. Invest in a free future by donating to the FSF today and help us reach our goal of collecting $375,000 USD by December 31. Invest in a free future by donating to the FSF today Search You are here: › Free Software Foundation Privacy Policy — Published on May 24, 2018 07:22 PM Published on Your trust is important to the Free Software Foundation (FSF), and we take privacy and security very seriously. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or our use of data, please get in touch with us at privacy@fsf.org, +1-617-542-5942, or by our mailing address: Free Software Foundation, 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1335, USA.  FSF staff, management, and volunteers uphold strict internal policies against unauthorized disclosure or use of personal information. We will never share your information with parties outside the FSF, unless we have explicitly made you aware that we will before you give it to us. We use services for payment processing, which requires sharing the transaction information with them over a secure connection, under legal agreement that appropriately controls its use and retention. We may establish similar arrangements with other formally contracted service providers, but always use privacy and security as key criteria when selecting them, and only share the data required for the service to function. As an organization with an ideological commitment to self-hosting nearly everything, the number of such providers is and will be very small. The FSF uses Piwik, a free software Web analytics system, to monitor traffic on our Web sites. Piwik records the general geographical vicinity of visitors as well as their browser and operating system, and records their navigation within the sites. This helps us gauge the impact of our materials and improve our work. Piwik preserves privacy by anonymizing visitors' IP addresses. This means that it will not store any personally identifiable information about you, even though your visit produces a record that our site was visited by someone. Piwik also respects the "Do Not Track" preference offered by some browsers, so if you have this option set, Piwik will ignore your visit. If you're not using "Do Not Track" and/or you would rather that we don't record your visits with Piwik, you can opt out of tracking on www.fsf.org (but not other domains) by unchecking the box below. If you choose to opt out, the system will set a "piwik_ignore" cookie for this domain, which indicates to Piwik that it should completely ignore your computer. The FSF maintains services such as wikis, email discussion lists, forums, and software distribution Web sites where users may submit information to be published publicly. You are creating a permanent, public record of information added, removed, and/or altered by you, including information which may identify you. For example, emails to public discussion lists are publicly available in their entirety, including your email address. Please think carefully about your desired level of anonymity before you disclose personal information. All information related to financial transactions and member logins is handled through a secure connection. The FSF does not store complete credit card numbers on our servers. We retain only the last 4 digits of the card. 1PC9aZC4hNX2rmmrt7uHTfYAS3hRbph4UN Share this holiday fairy tale FEATURED: About the FSF Dec 04, 2023 Nov 30, 2023 Nov 28, 2023 Recent blogs Recent blogs - More… Arabic Belarussian Bulgarian Catalan Chinese Cornish Czech Danish English French German Greek Hebrew Hindi Italian Japanese Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Portuguese (Brazil) Romanian Russian Slovak Spanish Swedish Turkish Urdu Welsh