Audacity Free audio hosting Audacity is for anyone who wants to get creative with sound. It’s also the perfect tool for anyone who needs to quickly edit or export audio, for any reason. Here are a few of the most common ways Audacity is used every day: A dedicated worldwide community of passionate audio lovers have collaborated to make Audacity the well-loved software it is today. Many third-party plugins have also been developed for Audacity thanks to its open source nature. Audacity is tested compatible with the following operating systems: Yes, Audacity is only available for desktop computers or laptops. There is no mobile version of Audacity available. If you download Audacity via the Muse Hub, you’ll also get access to a free selection of sounds, loops and effects available to use in your Audacity projects. We also publish official versions through the Microsoft Store, via winget, via Github and Fosshub. There also are third party Audacity builds around, though we cannot guarantee for the integrity of versions downloaded from places other than mentioned here. In the app, every audio creator can: Audacity supports import, export and conversion of files in every popular audio format, including mp3, m4a, AIFF, FLAC, WAV and more. In fact, you can just use Audacity to convert files into different formats if you like. You can even combine clips from multiple formats into the same audio project. Audacity supports 16-bit, 24-bit and 32-bit audio. Sample rates and formats are converted using high-quality resampling and dithering. Yes! Audacity can be used to record and produce your music tracks. Because it’s free and easy-to-use, Audacity is a great DAW for music production beginners or those who want to make quick edits to recordings of live performances. Yes! In fact, Audacity is the world’s most popular software for recording and producing podcasts — because it’s easy-to-use and completely free. Yes. Audacity is a DAW just like GarageBand, FL Studio, Ableton Live, Logic Pro and others. Many musicians use Audacity to record and produce their tracks. The Audacity team is always looking for new ways to improve the experience for musicians and music producers, so look out for new features in future updates. Audacity supports VST3, LADSPA, LV2, Nyquist, VST and Audio Unit plugins. The Audacity app only collects data relevant to error reporting (such as device information) and software updates. The Audacity team will take all the necessary steps to keep your data protected. It is fully GDPR compliant. No. Audacity is entirely safe to use and doesn’t store personal information. Audacity only collects data relevant to error reporting (such as device information) and software updates. Audacity is developed by a small team working remotely and supported by the community. Current team members are: Audacity has transformed the lives of musicians and audio content creators for over two decades. Since launching in 2000, the desktop app has been downloaded over 200 million times. We remain committed to our free, open-source roots — and passionate about helping the next generation create the very best sounds, music and podcasts with Audacity. Audacity Audacity is an easy-to-use, multi-track audio editor and recorder for Windows, macOS, GNU/Linux and other operating systems. Audacity is free, open source software. Audacity is an easy-to-use, multi-track audio editor and recorder for Windows, macOS, GNU/Linux and other operating systems. Audacity is free, open source software. Your privacy matters