Last Modified: 11 December 2023 This Privacy Notice explains how we use your personal information when you use the Service, either as an individual customer or when you access the Service through one of our enterprise customers' accounts. We are the data controller of your personal information when we use it as described in this Privacy Notice, meaning that we determine and are responsible for how your personal information is processed. This Privacy Notice sets out how we use personal information. It does not cover our use of information that is not "personal information", "personal information" or similar terms under applicable law. This means that it does not cover our use of aggregated or anonymized information. Where applicable law permits, it also does not cover deidentified information, meaning information that is maintained in a form that is not reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to an individual (please note that this would not apply to personal information collected from you if you are in the UK, EEA or Switzerland). We may also provide you with additional privacy notices or disclosures where the scope of the inquiry, request, or personal information we require falls outside the scope of this Privacy Notice. In that case, the additional Privacy Notice or disclosures will set out how we may process the information you provide at that time. Please note that this Privacy Notice does not cover or apply to our processing of information about our employees or contractors or applicants for positions at Supabase. Note for International Visitors: Personal information may be transferred to, stored and processed in a country other than the one in which it was collected. For example, the Sites are primarily hosted in and provided from the United States. Please note the country to which personal data is transferred may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as the country from which it was transferred. Click on the links below to jump to each section: We collect personal information in connection with your visits to and use of the Service. This collection includes information that you provide in connection with the Service, information from third parties, and information that is collected automatically such as through the use of cookies and other technologies. We collect personal information that you submit directly to us. The categories of information we collect can include: You are free to choose which personal information you want to provide to us or whether you want to provide us with personal information at all. However, some information, such as your name, address, payment transaction information, and information on your requested Services may be necessary for the performance of our contractual obligations. After registration, you may create, upload or transmit files, documents, videos, images, data or information as part of your use of the Service (collectively, “User Content”). User Content and any information contained in the User Content, including personal information you may have included, is stored and collected as part of the Service. You have full control of the information included in the User Content. We may receive personal information about you from our business partners and service providers and combine this information with other data we collect from you. The third-parties may include website and service operators, payment processors, marketing partners. The information may include contact information, demographic information, information about your communications and related activities, and information about your orders. We may use this information to administer and facilitate our services, your orders and our marketing activities. In addition to the uses described above, we may collect and use personal information for the following purposes: From time to time, we may send you emails regarding updates to our Service, products or services, notices about our organization, or information about products/services we offer (or promotional offers from third parties) that we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to unsubscribe from such emails, simply click the “unsubscribe link” provided at the bottom of the email communication. Note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain services-related email communications (e.g., account verification, confirmations of transactions, technical or legal notices). If you have an online account with us, you have the ability to modify certain information in your account (e.g., your contact information) through the account options provided on the Site. If there is personal information in your User Content, you can use the features and functionality of the Service to edit or delete the personal information or User Content. Not all personal information is maintained in a format that you can access or change. If you would like to request access to, or correction or deletion of personal information, you may send your request to us at the email provided below. We will review your request and may require you to provide additional information to identify yourself, but we do not promise that we will be able to satisfy your request. We, and our third-party partners, automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our Site. We typically collect this information through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, file information, and similar technology (collectively, “tracking technologies”). We, and our third-party partners, use tracking technologies to automatically collect usage and device information, such as: Note we do not engage in online targeted advertising. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Opt-Out. Depending on your browser or mobile device, you may be able to set your browser to delete or notify you of cookies and other tracking technology by actively managing the settings on your browser or mobile device. If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the sites, as some features and services on our sites may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. You may also set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our e-mail and performed certain functions with it. We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. We store data on servers in the U.S. or any other country in which Supabase or its affiliates, subsidiaries, agents or contractors maintain facilities. If you are located in a country where laws governing data collection and use differ from U.S. law, please note that your personal information may be transferred to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. When you register for use with Supabase you have the option of where you store your information and we will not transfer it without providing information to you in advance. Supabase cares about the security of your information and uses commercially reasonable physical, technical and organizational measures designed to preserve the integrity and security of all information we collect. However, no security system is impenetrable, and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. For your convenience, our Site may provide links to third-party websites or services that we do not own or operate. We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from the services, including the information or content contained within them. Your browsing and interaction on any other website or service are subject to the applicable third party’s rules and policies, not ours. If you are using a third-party website or service, you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any site or service before providing any personal information. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Notice from time to time in our sole discretion. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Supabase account and/or by placing a prominent notice on our Site. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Notice periodically. When we do change the Privacy Notice, we will also revise the “last modified” date. The following disclosures (“Privacy Disclosures”) apply to you if you access or use the Site or the Services from the European Economic Area, United Kingdom or Switzerland. Supabase, Inc is the data controller of your personal information when we use it as described in these Privacy Disclosures, meaning that we determine and are responsible for how your personal information is processed. We collect the following categories of personal information that you submit directly to us when you use the Service: (a) Contact information, such as first name, last name and email address (b) Your registration / account information. When you create an account and access the Service as an individual, If you use an email and password to sign up to the service we will collect your email address, and password. If you use Github we use single sign-on ("SSO") such as Github to allow a user to authenticate their account using one set of login information. The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network. (c) Payment transaction information. When you make a purchase through your own individual account on the Service, we collect information such as your billing address and other information such as date and time of your transaction. (d) Chat, comments and opinions. When you contact us directly, e.g. by email or phone or through our feedback form we will record your comments and opinions. (e) Information you submit through our Supabase AI tool. When you submit a query through our Supabase AI tool, we will collect the content of your query and information about the databases and other content you manage through the Service. We will only collect information about the structure of your databases and metadata, such as column and row headings or other information about how that content is organized. We will not access the content of the databases itself or the information you manage through the Service. (f) Information received from third parties, such as social networks. If you interact with us through a social network, we may receive information from the social network such as your name, profile information, and any other information you permit the social network to share with third parties. We use single sign-on ("SSO") such as Github to allow a user to authenticate their account using one set of login information. The data we receive is dependent on your privacy settings with the social network. We also automatically collect the following personal information about how you access and use the Service, and information about the device you use to access the Service: (a) Approximate Location information. When you visit our Service, we may collect information about your location. This information may be derived from WiFi positioning or your IP address. (b) Information about how you access and use the Service. For example, how frequently you access the Service, the time you access the Service and how long you use it for, the approximate location that you access the Service from, the site from which you came and the site to which you are going when you leave our website, the website pages you visit, the links you click, whether you access the Service from multiple devices, and other actions you take on the Service. (c) Log files and information about your device. We also collect information about the tablet, smartphone or other electronic device you use to connect to the Service. This information can include details about the operating systems, browsers and applications connected to the Service through the device and your IP address. We may link or combine the personal information we collect about you and the information we collect automatically. We may anonymize and aggregate any of the personal information we collect (so that it does not directly identify you). We may use anonymized information for purposes that include testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving the Service. We may also share such anonymized and aggregated information with others. We will usually store the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out above, in accordance with our legal obligations and legitimate business interests. The criteria used to determine the period for which personal information about you will be retained varies depending on the legal basis under which we process the personal information: (a) Legitimate Interests. Where we are processing personal information based on our legitimate interests, we generally will retain such information for a reasonable period of time based on the particular interest, taking into account the fundamental interests and the rights and freedoms of data subjects. (b) Consent. Where we are processing personal information based on your consent, we generally will retain the information until you withdraw your consent, or otherwise for the period of time necessary to fulfill the underlying agreement with you or provide you with the applicable service for which we process that personal information. (c) Contract. Where we are processing personal information based on contract, we generally will retain the information for the duration of the contract plus some additional limited period of time that is necessary to comply with law or that represents the statute of limitations for legal claims that could arise from the contractual relationship. (d) Legal Obligation. Where we are processing personal information based on a legal obligation, we generally will retain the information for the period of time necessary to fulfill the legal obligation. (e) Legal Claim. We may need to apply a “legal hold” that retains information beyond our typical retention period where we face threat of legal claim. In that case, we will retain the information until the hold is removed, which typically means the claim or threat of claim has been resolved. (f) Contact information – if you have an account with us, we retain this for as long as you have an account on our services, and for 60 days after you close your account. In all cases, in addition to the purposes and legal bases, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, as well as the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information. In addition to the recipients listed above, we may also share your personal information with the following: From time to time we may contact you with information about our services, including sending you marketing messages and asking for your feedback on our services. Most marketing messages we send will be by email. For some marketing messages, we may use personal information we collect about you to help us determine the most relevant marketing information to share with you. We will only send you marketing messages if you have given us your consent to do so. You can withdraw your consent at a later date by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails or by updating your preferences via your account on the Service. Security. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change or damage. All personal information we collect will be stored by our cloud hosting provider on secure servers. We will never requesting credit or debit card information or national identification numbers from you through unsolicited emails or phone calls. International Transfers of your Personal Information. The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in where we and our third party service providers have operations, including the United States and Singapore. These international transfers of your personal information will be made pursuant to appropriate safeguards in accordance with applicable law: If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of these Privacy Disclosures. In accordance with applicable privacy law, you have the following rights in respect of your personal information that we hold: You also have the right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. There may be compelling reasons for continuing to process your personal information, and we will assess and inform you if that is the case. You can object to marketing activities for any reason. If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact us using the contact details at the end of these Privacy Disclosures. Due to the confidential nature of data processing we may ask you to verify your identity when exercising the above rights. Cookies We use the following types of cookies: Cookies are pieces of code that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. The cookies we use are required for the operation of the Service, such as cookies that enable you to log in to secure areas of the Service. Most browsers also allow you to change your cookie settings to block certain cookies. Depending on your mobile device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. Please note that if you choose to refuse all cookies you may not be able to use the full functionality of our Service. These settings will typically be found in the "options" or "preferences" menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the "Help" option in your browser for more details. Please note that deleting or blocking cookies may not be effective for all types of tracking technologies, such as Local Storage Objects (LSOs) like HTML5. We also use cookieless technologies to collect information to assess how our Service is used. When you access a website or service on the internet, your device and your browser send certain information to the provider of that website or service in order to access that website or service. We collect, aggregate and analyze this information to identify errors in and improvements to Service. We will only do so, however, only if you give us your consent to do so. Manage preferences