Key change in this version: We’ve clarified that MTCH Technology Services Limited, which operates our European Headquarters, is responsible for our service in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom and Switzerland. Welcome to Tinder. If you live in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, these Terms of Use are between you and: MTCH Technology Services LimitedTinder1 Hatch Street UpperDublin 2DublinD02 PY28Ireland If you live in Japan, these Terms of Use apply between you and: MG Japan Services GK (“MG Japan”)4F Sumitomo Fudosan Azabu Bldg1-4-1 Mita Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-0073Japan If you live outside the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and Japan, these Terms of Use apply between you and: Match Group, LLC ("Match Group")8750 North Central Expressway, Suite 1400Dallas, TX 75231, USA The terms (“us”, “we”, the “Company” or “Tinder”) refer to MTCH Technology, MG Japan or Match Group based on your country of residence. We may make changes to this Agreement and to the Service from time to time. We may do this for a variety of reasons including to reflect changes in or requirements of the law, new features, or changes in business practices. The most recent version of this Agreement will be posted on the Service under Settings and also on gotinder.com, and you should regularly check for the most recent version. The most recent version is the version that applies. If the changes include material changes to your rights or obligations, we will notify you at least 30 days in advance of the changes (unless we’re unable to do so under applicable law) by reasonable means, which could include notification through the Service or via email. If you continue to use the Service after the changes become effective, then you agree to the revised Agreement. You are not authorized to create an account or access or use the Service or systems it resides on unless all of the following are true: you are at least 18 years of age. you can form a binding contract with Tinder, you are not a person who is barred from using the Service under the laws of the United States or any other applicable jurisdiction (for example, you do not appear on the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated Nationals or face any other similar prohibition), you will comply with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national and international laws, rules and regulations, and you have never been convicted of a felony or indictable offense (or crime of similar severity), a sex crime, or any crime involving violence, and that you are not required to register as a sex offender with any state, federal or local sex offender registry. Tinder is always striving to improve the Service and bring you additional functionality that you will find engaging and useful. This means we may add new product features or enhancements from time to time as well as remove some features, and if these actions do not materially affect your rights or obligations, we may not provide you with notice before taking them. We may even suspend the Service entirely, in which event we will notify you in advance unless extenuating circumstances, such as safety or security concerns, prevent us from doing so. The easiest way to terminate your account is to follow the instructions under "Settings" in the Service. Of course, you retain other termination options. However, if you use a third party payment account such as Apple’s App Store or iTunes Store, as applicable (“App Store”) or the Google Play Store, you will need to manage in app purchases through such an account to avoid additional billing. Tinder may terminate your account at any time without notice if it believes that you have violated this Agreement. Upon such termination, you will not be entitled to any refund for purchases. However, if you use a third party payment account such as Apple’s App Store or iTunes Store, as applicable (“App Store”) or the Google Play Store, you will need to manage in app purchases through such an account to avoid additional billing. For residents of the Republic of Korea, except in the case where we reasonably consider that (i) giving notice is legally prohibited (for instance, when providing notice would either violate applicable laws, regulations, or orders from regulatory authorities or compromise an ongoing investigation conducted by a regulatory authority) or (ii) any notice may cause harm to you, third parties, Tinder, and/or our affiliates (for instance, when providing notice harms the security of the Service), we will without delay notify you of the reason for taking the relevant step. After your account is terminated, this Agreement will terminate, except that the following provisions will still apply to you and Tinder: Section 4, Section 5, and Sections 12 through 19. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER MEMBERS. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT TINDER DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECKS ON ITS MEMBERS OR OTHERWISE INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUND OF ITS MEMBERS. TINDER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT OR COMPATIBILITY OF MEMBERS. Tinder grants you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, nonexclusive, revocable, and non-sublicensable license to access and use the Service. This license is for the sole purpose of letting you use and enjoy the Service’s benefits as intended by Tinder and permitted by this Agreement. This license and any authorization to access the Service are automatically revoked in the event that you do any of the following: use the Service or any content contained in the Service for any commercial purposes without our written consent. copy, modify, transmit, create any derivative works from, make use of, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, images, trademarks, trade names, service marks, or other intellectual property, content or proprietary information accessible through the Service without Tinder’s prior written consent. express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by Tinder. use any robot, bot, spider, crawler, scraper, site search/retrieval application, proxy or other manual or automatic device, method or process to access, retrieve, index, "data mine", or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or its contents. use the Service in any way that could interfere with, disrupt or negatively affect the Service or the servers or networks connected to the Service. upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of the Service. forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any information transmitted to or through the Service. "frame" or "mirror" any part of the Service without Tinder’s prior written authorization. use meta tags or code or other devices containing any reference to Tinder or the Service (or any trademark, trade name, service mark, logo or slogan of Tinder) to direct any person to any other website for any purpose. modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile or otherwise disassemble any portion of the Service, or cause others to do so. use or develop any third-party applications that interact with the Service or other members' Content or information without our written consent. use, access, or publish the Tinder application programming interface without our written consent. probe, scan or test the vulnerability of our Service or any system or network. encourage or promote any activity that violates this Agreement. Tinder may investigate and take any available legal action in response to illegal or unauthorized uses of the Service, including termination of your account. Any software that we provide you may automatically download and install upgrades, updates, or other new features. You may be able to adjust these automatic downloads through your device's settings. By creating an account, you grant to Tinder a worldwide, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, right and license to host, store, use, copy, display, reproduce, adapt, edit, publish, modify and distribute information you authorize us to access from third parties such as Facebook, as well as any information you post, upload, display or otherwise make available (collectively, "post") on the Service or transmit to other members (collectively, "Content"). Tinder's license to your Content shall be non-exclusive, except that Tinder's license shall be exclusive with respect to derivative works created through use of the Service. For example, Tinder would have an exclusive license to screenshots of the Service that include your Content. In addition, so that Tinder can prevent the use of your Content outside of the Service, you authorize Tinder to act on your behalf with respect to infringing uses of your Content taken from the Service by other members or third parties. This expressly includes the authority, but not the obligation, to send notices pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3) (i.e., DMCA Takedown Notices) on your behalf if your Content is taken and used by third parties outside of the Service. Our license to your Content is subject to your rights under applicable law (for example laws regarding personal data protection to the extent any Content contains personal information as defined by those laws) and is for the limited purpose of operating, developing, providing, and improving the Service and researching and developing new ones. You agree that any Content you place or that you authorize us to place on the Service may be viewed by other members and may be viewed by any person visiting or participating in the Service (such as individuals who may receive shared Content from other Tinder members). You agree that all information that you submit upon creation of your account, including information submitted from your Facebook account, is accurate and truthful and you have the right to post the Content on the Service and grant the license to Tinder above. You understand and agree that we may monitor or review any Content you post as part of a Service. We may delete any Content, in whole or in part, that in our sole judgment violates this Agreement or may harm the reputation of the Service. When communicating with our customer care representatives, you agree to be respectful and kind. If we feel that your behavior towards any of our customer care representatives or other employees is at any time threatening, harassing, or offensive, we reserve the right to immediately terminate your account. In consideration for Tinder allowing you to use the Service, you agree that we, our affiliates, and our third-party partners may place advertising on the Service. By submitting suggestions or feedback to Tinder regarding our Service, you agree that Tinder may use and share such feedback for any purpose without compensating you. Please be informed that Tinder may access, store and disclose your account information and Content if required to do so by law, by performing its agreement with you, or in a good faith belief that such access, storage or disclosure satisfies a legitimate interest, including to: (i) comply with legal process; (ii) enforce the Agreement; (iii) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third parties; (iv) respond to your requests for customer service; or (v) protect the rights, property or personal safety of the Company or any other person. By using the Service, you agree that you will not: use the Service for any purpose that is illegal or prohibited by this Agreement. use the Service for any harmful or nefarious purpose use the Service in order to damage Tinder spam, solicit money from or defraud any members. impersonate any person or entity or post any images of another person without his or her permission. bully, "stalk", intimidate, assault, harass, mistreat or defame any person. post any Content that violates or infringes anyone's rights, including rights of publicity, privacy, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or contract right. post any Content that is hate speech, threatening, sexually explicit or pornographic. post any Content that incites violence; or contains nudity or graphic or gratuitous violence. post any Content that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual. solicit passwords for any purpose, or personal identifying information for commercial or unlawful purposes from other members or disseminate another person's personal information without his or her permission. use another member's account, share an account with another member, or maintain more than one account. create another account if we have already terminated your account, unless you have our permission. Generally. From time to time, Tinder may offer products and services for purchase ("in app purchases") through the App Store, Google Play Store, carrier billing, Tinder direct billing or other payment platforms authorized by Tinder. If you choose to make an in app purchase, you will be prompted to confirm your purchase with the applicable payment provider, and your method of payment (be it your card or a third party account such as the Google Play Store or App Store (your "Payment Method") will be charged for the in app purchase at the prices displayed to you for the service(s) you've selected as well as any sales or similar taxes that may be imposed on your payments, and you authorize Tinder or the third party account, as applicable, to charge you. Generally. Auto-Renewal; Automatic Card Payment If you purchase an auto-recurring periodic subscription through an in app purchase, your Payment Method will continue to be billed for the subscription until you cancel. After your initial subscription commitment period, your subscription will automatically continue for an indefinite period of time, at the price you agreed to when subscribing unless you cancel your subscription before the renewal date. Your card payment information will be stored and subsequently used for the automatic card payments in accordance with the Agreement. If you want to change or terminate your subscription, it is easiest to log in to your third party account (or Settings on Tinder, if applicable) and follow the instructions to terminate or cancel your subscription, even if you have otherwise deleted your account with us or if you have deleted the Tinder application from your device. Deleting your account on Tinder or deleting the Tinder application from your device does not terminate or cancel your subscription; Tinder will retain all funds charged to your Payment Method until you terminate or cancel your subscription on Tinder or the third party account, as applicable. If you terminate or cancel your subscription, you may use your subscription until the end of your then-current subscription term, and your subscription will not be renewed after your then-current term expires. If you want to change or terminate your subscription, it is easiest to log in to your third party account (or Settings on Tinder, if applicable) and follow the instructions to terminate or cancel your subscription, even if you have otherwise deleted your account with us or if you have deleted the Tinder application from your device. For our members who reside in Germany, you may terminate your subscription after it has renewed with a notice period of one-month, and your right to terminate for cause remains unaffected. Additional Terms that apply if you pay Tinder directly with your Payment Method. If you pay Tinder directly, Tinder may correct any billing errors or mistakes that it makes even if it has already requested or received payment. If you initiate a chargeback or otherwise reverse a payment made with your Payment Method, Tinder may terminate your account immediately in its sole discretion. Additional Terms that apply if you pay Tinder directly with your Payment Method. You may edit your Payment Method information by visiting Tinder and going to Settings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not edit your Payment Method information, terminate or cancel your subscription, you remain responsible for any uncollected amounts and authorize us to continue billing the Payment Method, as it may be updated. This may result in a change to your payment billing dates. In addition, you authorize us to obtain updated or replacement expiration dates and card numbers for your credit or debit card as provided by your credit or debit card issuer. The terms of your payment will be based on your Payment Method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution, credit card issuer or other provider of your chosen Payment Method. If you reside outside of the Americas, you agree that your payment to Tinder will be through MTCH Technology Services Limited. Virtual Items. From time to time, you may be able to purchase or earn a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use "virtual items", which could include virtual products or virtual “coins” or other units that are exchangeable within the Service for virtual products (collectively, "Virtual Items"). Any Virtual Item balance shown in your account does not constitute a real-world balance or reflect any stored value, but instead constitutes a measurement of the extent of your license. Virtual Items do not incur fees for non-use, however, the license granted to you in Virtual Items will terminate in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, when Tinder ceases providing the Service or your account is otherwise closed or terminated. Tinder, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to charge fees for the right to access or use Virtual Items and may distribute Virtual Items with or without charge. Tinder may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Items at any time. Tinder shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that Tinder exercises any such rights. Virtual Items may only be redeemed through the Service. ALL PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS MADE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. The provision of Virtual Items for use in the Service is a service that commences immediately upon the acceptance of your purchase of such Virtual Items. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT TINDER IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND IN RESPECT OF VIRTUAL ITEMS FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY. Virtual Items. Refunds. Generally, all charges for purchases are nonrefundable, and there are no refunds or credits for partially used periods. We may make an exception if a refund for a subscription offering is requested within fourteen days of the transaction date, or if the laws applicable in your jurisdiction provide for refunds. Refunds. For subscribers residing in the EU or European Economic Area - in accordance with local law, you are entitled to a full refund without stating the reason during the 14 days after the subscription begins. Please note that this 14-day period commences when the subscription starts. For subscribers and purchasers of Virtual Items residing in the Republic of Korea – in accordance with local law, you are entitled to a full refund of your subscription and/or unused Virtual Items during the 7 days following the purchase. Please note that this 7-day period commences upon the purchase. Except as noted above for members resident in the Republic of Korea, purchases of Virtual Items are FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. To request a refund: If you use your right of cancellation (except for purchases made through your Apple ID, which Apple controls), we will refund (or ask Google to refund) all payments received from you, without undue delay and in any case within 14 days of the date when we received notice of your decision to cancel the Agreement. We shall make such refund using the same means of payment as used by you in the initial transaction. In any case, no fees will be charged to you as a result of the refund. If you made a purchase through a payment platform not listed above, please request a refund directly from the third-party merchant through which you made your purchase. You cannot cancel an order for delivery of digital content that is not delivered on a physical medium if order processing has begun with your explicit prior consent and acknowledgement that you will thereby lose your right of cancellation. This applies, e.g., to purchases of Virtual Items. That means that such purchases are FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE. Pricing. Tinder operates a global business, and our pricing varies by a number of factors. We frequently offer promotional rates - which can vary based on region, length of subscription, bundle size and more. We also regularly test new features and payment options. Pricing. If you contact us regarding alleged copyright infringement, please be sure to include the following information: an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Service (and such description must be reasonably sufficient to enable us to find the alleged infringing material); your contact information, including address, telephone number and email address and the copyright owner’s identity; a written statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Tinder will terminate the accounts of repeat infringers. TINDER PROVIDES THE SERVICE ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GRANTS NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICE (INCLUDING ALL CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN), INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. TINDER DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (A) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE OR ERROR FREE, (B) ANY DEFECTS OR ERRORS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED, OR (C) THAT ANY CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU OBTAIN ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE. TINDER TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU OR ANOTHER MEMBER OR THIRD PARTY POSTS, SENDS OR RECEIVES THROUGH THE SERVICE. ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICE IS ACCESSED AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. The Service may contain advertisements and promotions offered by third parties and links to other web sites or resources. Tinder is not responsible for the availability (or lack of availability) of such external websites or resources. If you choose to interact with the third parties made available through our Service, such party's terms will govern their relationship with you. Tinder is not responsible or liable for such third parties' terms or actions. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL TINDER, ITS AFFILIATES, EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS OR SERVICE PROVIDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR ENHANCED DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM: (I) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE, (II) THE CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF OTHER MEMBERS OR THIRD PARTIES ON, THROUGH, OR FOLLOWING USE OF THE SERVICE; OR (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR CONTENT, EVEN IF TINDER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL TINDER’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS RELATING TO THE SERVICE EXCEED THE GREATER OF THE AMOUNT PAID, IF ANY, BY YOU TO TINDER FOR THE SERVICE AND USD100 WHILE YOU HAVE AN ACCOUNT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES, SO SOME OR ALL OF THE EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Except for members residing within the EU or European Economic Area and elsewhere where prohibited by applicable law: Any proceeding to enforce this arbitration agreement, including any proceeding to confirm, modify, or vacate an arbitration award, may be commenced in any court of competent jurisdiction. In the event that this arbitration agreement is for any reason held to be unenforceable, any litigation against the Company (except for small-claims court actions) may be commenced only in the federal or state courts located in Dallas County, Texas. You hereby irrevocably consent to the jurisdiction of those courts for such purposes. For members residing in the EU or European Economic Area or elsewhere where our arbitration agreement is prohibited by law, the laws of Texas, U.S.A., excluding Texas’s conflict of laws rules, will apply to any disputes arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Arbitration Agreement in Section 15 above shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the choice of Texas governing law shall not supersede any mandatory consumer protection legislation in such jurisdictions. Except for members residing in the EU or European Economic Area who may bring claims in their country of residence in accordance with applicable law and except for claims that may be properly brought in a small claims court of competent jurisdiction, all claims arising out of or relating to this Agreement, to the Service, or to your relationship with Tinder that for whatever reason are not submitted to arbitration will be litigated exclusively in the federal or state courts of Dallas County, Texas, U.S.A. You and Tinder consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of courts in the State of Texas and waive any claim that such courts constitute an inconvenient forum. You agree, to the extent permitted under applicable law, to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Tinder, our affiliates, and their and our respective officers, directors, agents, and employees from and against any and all complaints, demands, claims, damages, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses, including attorney’s fees due to, arising out of, or relating in any way to your access to or use of the Service, your Content, or your breach of this Agreement.