The Session  Information about you When you sign up to The Session, you provide some information about yourself. This information will never, ever be shared, sold or given away to anyone. Your email address You need to provide a valid email address when you sign up for The Session. This is for a few reasons: You can have a password-reset email sent to you if you ever have a problem logging in (for example, if you can’t remember your password). You can choose to receive a weekly newsletter from The Session detailing what’s been submitted in the last seven days. You can update your email address at any time from your member profile. Your username When you sign up to The Session, you provide a name that you will be known by on the site. I encourage you to use your real name, but you don’t have to. You can update your username at any time from your member profile. Your password When you sign up to The Session, you choose a password for logging into the site. This password is not stored in plaintext—it is encrypted. So even in the case of a security breach, nobody can gain access to your password. Because your password is encrypted, if you forget what it is, I can’t provide it to you. That’s why it’s important that you provide a valid email address when you sign up. You can update your password at any time from your member profile. Your location After signing up to The Session, you can provide your geographical location if you choose. This is stored as latitude and longitude coordinates. It’s up to you how precise or vague you want to be with your location. If you provide your location, it will be easier to find nearby sessions, events, and fellow members. You can update or delete your location at any time from your member profile. When you sign up to The Session, you provide some information about yourself. This information will never, ever be shared, sold or given away to anyone. You need to provide a valid email address when you sign up for The Session. This is for a few reasons: You can update your email address at any time from your member profile. When you sign up to The Session, you provide a name that you will be known by on the site. I encourage you to use your real name, but you don’t have to. You can update your username at any time from your member profile. When you sign up to The Session, you choose a password for logging into the site. This password is not stored in plaintext—it is encrypted. So even in the case of a security breach, nobody can gain access to your password. Because your password is encrypted, if you forget what it is, I can’t provide it to you. That’s why it’s important that you provide a valid email address when you sign up. You can update your password at any time from your member profile. After signing up to The Session, you can provide your geographical location if you choose. This is stored as latitude and longitude coordinates. It’s up to you how precise or vague you want to be with your location. If you provide your location, it will be easier to find nearby sessions, events, and fellow members. You can update or delete your location at any time from your member profile. All of the content on The Session—tune settings, sessions, events, discussions, etc.—is provided by members. Every contribution is attributed with a link back to the corresponding member profile. If you no longer want to contribute to The Session, you don’t need to take any action. I’ll make every effort to maintain the highest level of security possible for The Session. But you shouldn’t take my word for it. You can use your browser’s address bar to examine your connection to The Session and make sure it’s secure. The Session has no third-party scripts or cookies: no advertising; no tracking; no analytics.