 Open menu Close menu the business technology experts Search UK Edition ASIA Singapore EUROPE Danmark Suomi Norge Sverige UK Italia Nederland België (Nederlands) France Deutschland España NORTH AMERICA US (English) Canada México Australasia Australia New Zealand Trending When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. . Anonymous file-sharing site has shut down after 'years of abuse' By published Anonfiles operators grew tired of trying to remove malicious content (Image credit: TheDigitalArtist / Pixabay) Popular anonymous site, Anonfiles, is shutting down, due to overwhelming abuse by its users which simply could not be contained. This is according to the website’s operators themselves, who posted the announcement on the site earlier this week. They claimed that for two years, people gathered around the site tried “handling the extreme volumes” of people abusing the service, and that it had caused them "countless headaches." They have since tried everything, including automating the removal of abusive material, “to the point where we did not care if we accidentally delete thousands of false positives in the process”. Nothing managed to move the needle. Proxy provider shutdown “We have auto banned contents of hundreds of thousands files, banned file names and also banned specific usage patterns connected to abusive material,” the announcement further states. However, even after all that effort, the volume of abusive material was simply too large to handle, and the site’s operators grew tired of trying. The last straw was the site’s proxy provider shutting the site down. “This can not continue. Domain 4 sale,” the announcement concludes. Read more >>> How to stay totally anonymous online How to host a website anonymously These are the best privacy tools today According to BleepingComputer, Anonfiles was a site that allowed people to share files without their activity being logged. While that sounds good in theory, in practice it was threat actors that used it to share samples of stolen data, stolen credentials, and copyrighted material. A few days before the announcement, users noticed that the service would time out whenever a user tried to upload a file. In another twist, the same publication also found that Anonfiles was serving malicious ads, including those that distributed the infamous RedLine Stealer, a potent infostealer capable of grabbing passwords stored in the browser, as well as payment data and information related to cryptocurrency wallets. The domain is now for sale, so let’s see if anyone picks up where the current administration left off. Check out the around Via: Sign up to the TechRadar Pro newsletter to get all the top news, opinion, features and guidance your business needs to succeed! Social Links Navigation Sead is a seasoned freelance journalist based in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. He writes about IT (cloud, IoT, 5G, VPN) and cybersecurity (ransomware, data breaches, laws and regulations). In his career, spanning more than a decade, he’s written for numerous media outlets, including Al Jazeera Balkans. He’s also held several modules on content writing for Represent Communications. Free password manager Bitwarden is the latest to add passkey login support Watch out - that 401K statement could be a scam to steal your company logins