Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC Account Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds Bitesize CBeebies CBBC Food Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture TV Search BBC  Using the BBC Menu Your Information and Privacy Cookie and Browser Settings Creating and Using Your Account Terms of Use Terms of Use for the BBC's digital services Page updated: 19 September 2022Version 1.8 These are the BBC’s terms of use. They tell you: Your rights and responsibilities, basically – important stuff. We’ve kept them as short as possible, and we’ve made videos for the complicated bits. So do read them, and check in for updates as the latest version always applies (we’ll usually only make updates when we release a new service, change how we provide a service, or have to comply with a new legal requirement). Read these terms before using our services. Whenever you use our services you agree to these terms. If you don’t stick to all these terms then we can suspend or terminate your use of services and your account. But first… That’s media speak for: Anything digital offered by the BBC. Such as: Anything that’s available through those services. Including: When you use someone else's services or products, like a social media platform, they will have terms for using them. Some services are provided by BBC Studios. These will have their own terms. Like when you enter a competition. If there are extra terms, we’ll always let you know. If you’re looking for something child-friendly, here are some good starting points: Ultimately, it’s up to you to decide what’s suitable. But here are some tools that may help: You need to be covered by a TV Licence to watch or record live TV programmes on any channel, or to watch or download BBC programmes on iPlayer when you’re in the UK, the Channel Islands or the Isle of Man. This could be on any device, including a TV, desktop computer, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, games console, digital box or DVD/VHS recorder. If you’re outside these areas you need to check if your country has its own TV licensing scheme. A few rules to stop you (and us) getting in trouble. What do we mean by that? This sort of thing: ...while using our services or content. That means: Be aware of your surroundings especially when you’re using our services or content on the move and always use your device safely. Don’t use our 360° and virtual reality apps if you: Make sure you’re in a safe place, preferably seated. Stop immediately if you feel: Don’t take part in any activities where you need to focus straight after, or if you feel slightly dazed or confused. Except at fancy dress parties. That includes: To use any of the following things… …you’ll need to get permission. We don’t always own the copyright. Our content often includes other people’s content, you see. For instance, a TV show might feature images, video and music that belong to artists, actors and musicians. Or we only have a licence to broadcast a show, and it’s the production company who owns it. So you’ll have to ask them if you can use it. Except under certain circumstances… Content that’s shareable will have one or more of these buttons next to it: We don’t always own the copyright for shareables. Sometimes we have to get a licence or permission from the people who made it. So stick to these rules. Otherwise, among other things, the people who made it won’t want to make content for us again. When you share to a social media platform their terms will apply. Do read their terms (which you can search for online). To share a link to our content on your website or social media. It’s fine to use our embed button to put our player on your website or social media account. But don’t change how the player works, and don’t take content out of it. Don’t embed any content that doesn’t have an embed button. … about our shareables. That’s fine. Encouraged, even. Just as long as they’re not evil. Here’s a list of things that may harm or offend: You can't charge others for using our shareables. If you put them on a site that charges for content, you have to say they’re free-to-view. Otherwise it might look like we’re endorsing you. Which we’re not allowed to do. Also, use shareables alongside other stuff. You can’t make a service of your own that contains only our shareables. Speaking of which… You can’t say we endorse, promote, supply or approve of you. Don’t use shareables for political purposes. And you can’t say you have exclusive access to our content. That means you can’t: You can’t remove or alter the copyright notice, or imply that someone else made them. Most come with credits included. If not, put one of these in a prominent place nearby to show where you got the shareable from: If possible, add a hyperlink to the shareable’s original location. Make sure it works, and don’t put anything between the credit and the link. Some open-source software is available as downloads. When you access it, we’ll always let you know what terms apply. You’re not allowed to pluck metadata from our content or RSS feeds. You can add the BBC News RSS feed to your website or social media account. Provided: This part is about when you create your own content by: We call these somethings “creations”. Things you enter into competitions (like drawings) don’t count as creations for these terms. Competitions have their own terms. Some services have tools that let other people use, reproduce, modify or edit your creation, or make things inspired by it. We appreciate you sharing your creation with us but sadly we can’t pay you. Sometimes uploading a creation to our services means using a tool provided by someone other than the BBC. For example you can use WhatsApp to share your stories and eyewitness accounts with BBC News. Sometimes the provider’s terms and conditions apply to using their tool. Do read their terms (which you can search for online) as they tell you what the provider can do with your creation when you use their tool. But we can't guarantee it. We usually show your name alongside your creation. We’ll try to remove it if you ask us to, but this isn’t always possible. When you upload a creation, you give up your moral rights to it. That means we can: To check if you’ve got permission to use any music, images, clips or text in your creation. Or just for administrative purposes. You own the copyright if your creation is completely new and original. Which usually means it doesn’t feature anyone else’s content, such as videos and music. If so, you can do whatever you like with it. You can share your creations with some of our services, like message boards, forums, pin boards, and in the comments at the bottom of some news stories. If your creation contains content – like images, sounds, music or video – made by someone else, the copyright for that content may belong to them. Which usually means you’ll have to get their permission to do anything with your creation. That includes posting, submitting or uploading it to the BBC. Once you’ve got permission, you can share your creation with the public. On your website, for instance, or on social media. When you share your creation with us, we try to tell you exactly what we’re going to do with it. But that’s not always possible, so here’s what might happen… When you post, upload or contribute a creation, we can: So you might see your creation on TV, on BBC Online, social media or on other sites who have our permission to feature some of our content. Some of our services feature tools for playing around with our content, writing your own code, and making things like games and visualisations. These might: We do research activities and sometimes collaborate with research partners. Every now and then we share our content and data with them. But we're careful about what we share and what our research partners can do with it. Which means we can review, edit, remove or decide not to display it. And, if it breaks any laws, we can refer it to the police and other authorities. And anyone we work with can do those things too. For example, if you send an image to BBC News, we could share a news item featuring that image with a foreign broadcaster, who’d then be able to do all the things above. They could also charge their users to see it. Don’t send us anything that: a. Was made by someone else, or that copies someone else's creation b. Isn't in English (unless we've asked you to comment in another language) c. Is illegal or defamatory (damaging to someone else’s reputation) d. Is inappropriate (offensive, off-topic, disruptive or spreads false information) e. Contains personal details f. Contains spam (unless you're commenting on a story about reconstituted meat) g. Breaks our election or referendum rules. h. Puts children or others at risk i. Infringes anyone’s rights (that includes privacy rights) j. You’ve made as part of your job or for your business k. Promotes a business l. Identifies someone (unless you have their consent or, if they’re under 16, the consent of their parent or guardian) m. Disrespects the rules or orders of a court (in contempt of court) n. Contains links to content that can't be seen easily, may be unsafe (viruses, worms, spyware and Trojans) or automatically launches lots of windows o. Doesn’t comply with these terms. You need an account to use some of our services, like BBC iPlayer, personal recommendations and notifications. To keep your account safe, don’t: And be sure to keep your details up-to-date. The data you send us when you register, fill in web forms or use our services helps us to: This can stop some of our services from working properly. We take great care to make our content and services the best they can be. So if something does go wrong, we are responsible only: a. If our services or content damage your device or anything on it. Should this happen, you might be able to ask for compensation under consumer protection law. Compensation isn’t guaranteed, though. Be sure to get legal advice. b. For certain unlikely events. If our negligence causes death or injury, for example. c. If you’re an individual “consumer” and it would be unfair for us to not be held responsible. Otherwise, we’re not liable for anything that happens if: This applies to sites we link to as well as our content and services. We sometimes link to non-BBC sites. And we sometimes put our services on them – when you connect with us on social media, for example. A few things to bear in mind: a. We don’t endorse the sites we link to. b. We’re not responsible for their content or liable for anything that happens to you if you use them. c. If you or anyone else shares something containing a link, we’re not responsible for anything on the site it links to. d. External sites usually have their own terms of use. You can offer access to iPlayer on your premises for watching or downloading BBC programmes. But: A quick recap, a few extra legal bits and we’re done: a. If you use a service on behalf of a business, that business agrees to these terms. So your business has to stick to these terms if you use a service... b. As we said earlier, read these terms before using our services. When you use our services and content, you’re agreeing to: And those things replace all previous agreements between you and us about using our services or content. c. This is a contract between you and us. No one else has any rights to enforce its terms. d. English law governs these terms, and only English courts can make judgments about them. e. Our services and content are made available to you by the British Broadcasting Corporation, Broadcasting House, Portland Place, London, W1A 1AA. Change language: Gàidhlig English Cymraeg