Terms of Service  Effective: September 29, 2023 Summary of our Terms These Terms of Service (“Terms”) are part of the User Agreement– a legally binding contract governing your use of X. You should read these Terms of Service (“Terms”) in full, but here are a few key things you should take away: You should read these Terms of Service (“Terms”) in full, but here are a few key things you should take away: You will see advertising on the platform: In exchange for accessing the Services, X and our third-party providers and partners may display advertising to you. You will see advertising on the platform: When posting Content and otherwise using the Services, you must comply with this User Agreement and Applicable Law: You are responsible for your use of the Services and your Content. You must comply with this User Agreement, its incorporated policies, and all applicable laws. When posting Content and otherwise using the Services, you must comply with this User Agreement and Applicable Law: You must abide by the Services’ acceptable use terms: You may not access the Services in any way other than through the currently available, published interfaces that we provide. For example, this means that you cannot scrape the Services, try to work around any technical limitations we impose, or otherwise attempt to disrupt the operation of the Services. You must abide by the Services’ acceptable use terms: We have broad enforcement rights: X reserves the right to take enforcement actions against you if you do violate these terms, such as, for example, removing your Content, limiting visibility, discontinuing your access to X, or taking legal action. We may also suspend or terminate your account for other reasons, such as prolonged inactivity, risk of legal exposure, or commercial inviability. We have broad enforcement rights: There are Intellectual Property Licenses in these Terms: You retain ownership and rights to any of your Content you post or share, and you provide us with a broad, royalty-free license to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. Conversely, we provide you a license to use the software we provide as part of the Services, such as the X mobile application, solely for the purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services. There are Intellectual Property Licenses in these Terms: Your use of the Services is at your own risk: We provide the Services on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis, and we disclaim all warranties, responsibility, and liability to you or others to the extent permitted by law. You may be exposed to offensive or harmful content posted by other users. The Services may change from time to time, and we may limit or terminate availability of the Services or particular features to you or other users at any time. Your use of the Services is at your own risk: You have remedies and redress mechanisms, but our liability is limited: You have a right to terminate this agreement at any time by deactivating your account and discontinuing use of the Services. Note that we will not be liable for certain types of damages as described in the agreement, and in any event, our aggregate liability shall not exceed the greater of $100 USD or the amount you paid us, if any, in the past six months for the Services giving rise to the claim. Further, if you believe that your Content has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, the reporting process is detailed in these Terms. You have remedies and redress mechanisms, but our liability is limited: If you live outside the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, including if you live in the United States, If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, If you live outside the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, including if you live in the United States These Terms are an agreement between you and X Corp., which provides X and the Services, 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103 U.S.A. The words “we,” “us,” and “our” mean X Corp. 1. Who May Use the Services You may use the Services only if you agree to form a binding contract with us and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the applicable jurisdiction. In any case, you must be at least 13 years old to use the Services. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so and have the authority to bind such entity to these Terms, in which case the words “you” and “your” as used in these Terms shall refer to such entity. 2. Privacy 3. Content on the Services You are responsible for your use of the Services and for any Content you provide, including compliance with applicable laws, rules, and regulations. You should only provide Content that you are comfortable sharing with others. Your Rights and Grant of Rights in the Content You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. What’s yours is yours — you own your Content (and your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the Content). By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods now known or later developed (for clarity, these rights include, for example, curating, transforming, and translating). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for us to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, repost, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by us, or other companies, organizations or individuals, is made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services as the use of the Services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the Content and grant of rights herein. We have an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media. You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any Content that you submit, post or display on or through the Services. You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant us the license described above. You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. What’s yours is yours — you own your Content (and your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the Content). By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods now known or later developed (for clarity, these rights include, for example, curating, transforming, and translating). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. You agree that this license includes the right for us to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, repost, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by us, or other companies, organizations or individuals, is made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services as the use of the Services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the Content and grant of rights herein. We have an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media. You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any Content that you submit, post or display on or through the Services. You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant us the license described above. 4. Using the Services The Services evolve constantly. As such, the Services may change from time to time, at our discretion. We may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services or any features within the Services to you or to users generally. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time. We may also remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, limit distribution or visibility of any Content on the service, suspend or terminate users, and reclaim usernames without liability to you. Certain services or features may be offered on X for which additional terms and conditions may apply in connection with your use of those services. By using or paying for any of these additional services, you agree to any additional terms applicable to those services, and those additional terms become part of our agreement with you. If any of the applicable additional terms conflict with these Terms, the additional terms will prevail while you are using those services to which they apply. Your Account You may need to create an account to use the Services. You are responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit its use to this account. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above. You can control most communications from the Services. We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving them. If you added your phone number to your account and you later change or deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number. You may need to create an account to use the Services. You are responsible for safeguarding your account, so use a strong password and limit its use to this account. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above. You can control most communications from the Services. We may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, and you may not be able to opt-out from receiving them. If you added your phone number to your account and you later change or deactivate that phone number, you must update your account information to help prevent us from communicating with anyone who acquires your old number. Your License to Use the Services We give you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the Services. This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided on X, in the manner permitted by these Terms. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and other countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the X name or any of the X trademarks, logos, domain names, other distinctive brand features, and other proprietary rights. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain our and our licensors' exclusive property. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding X, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you. We give you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive license to use the software provided to you as part of the Services. This license has the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided on X, in the manner permitted by these Terms. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and other countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the X name or any of the X trademarks, logos, domain names, other distinctive brand features, and other proprietary rights. All right, title, and interest in and to the Services (excluding Content provided by users) are and will remain our and our licensors' exclusive property. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding X, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you. Misuse of the Services Ending These Terms 5. Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability The Services are Available "AS-IS" Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. The “X Entities” refers to X Corp., its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, THE X ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. The X Entities make no warranty or representation and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; (ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content; (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services; and (iv) whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error-free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the X Entities or through the Services, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein. Limitation of Liability TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE X ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOODWILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM (i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; (ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; (iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR (iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE X ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS (U.S. $100.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID US, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE X ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 6. General The laws of the State of California, excluding its choice of law provisions, will govern these Terms and any dispute that arises between you and us. All disputes related to these Terms or the Services will be brought solely in the federal or state courts located in San Francisco County, California, United States, and you consent to personal jurisdiction and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. To the extent permitted by law, you also waive the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action, collective action or representative action proceeding. If you are a federal, state, or local government entity in the United States using the Services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you. For such U.S. federal government entities, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the United States of America (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of the State of California (excluding choice of law). The X User Agreement is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X User Agreement shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X User Agreement. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. Effective: If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom These Terms are an agreement between you and Twitter International Unlimited Company (Co. number 503351, VAT number IE9803175Q), an Irish company, which provides X and the Services, with its registered office at One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland. The words “we,” “us,” and “our,” mean Twitter International Unlimited Company. Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. You understand that by using the Services, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. All Content is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Services and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content. You retain your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Services. What’s yours is yours — you own your Content (and your incorporated audio, photos and videos are considered part of the Content). By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods now known or later developed (for clarity, these rights include, for example, curating, transforming, and translating). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. However, if you have chosen via our features to limit the distribution of your Content to a restricted community, we will respect that choice. You also agree that this license includes the right to analyze text and other information you provide with the view to improve the Services. You agree that this license includes the right for us to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, repost, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by us, or other companies, organizations or individuals, is made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services as the use of the Services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the Content and grant of rights herein. We have an evolving set of rules for how ecosystem partners can interact with your Content on the Services. These rules exist to enable an open ecosystem with your rights in mind. You understand that we may modify or adapt your Content as it is distributed, syndicated, published, or broadcast by us and our partners and/or make changes to your Content in order to adapt the Content to different media. You represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights, licenses, consents, permissions, power and/or authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein for any Content that you submit, post or display on or through the Services. You agree that such Content will not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless you have necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post the material and to grant us the license described above. By submitting, posting or displaying Content on or through the Services, you grant us a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license (with the right to sublicense) to use, copy, reproduce, process, adapt, modify, publish, transmit, display and distribute such Content in any and all media or distribution methods now known or later developed (for clarity, these rights include, for example, curating, transforming, and translating). This license authorizes us to make your Content available to the rest of the world and to let others do the same. However, if you have chosen via our features to limit the distribution of your Content to a restricted community, we will respect that choice. You also agree that this license includes the right to analyze text and other information you provide with the view to improve the Services. You agree that this license includes the right for us to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make Content submitted to or through the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals for the syndication, broadcast, distribution, repost, promotion or publication of such Content on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such Content use. Such additional uses by us, or other companies, organizations or individuals, is made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services as the use of the Services by you is hereby agreed as being sufficient compensation for the Content and grant of rights herein. Certain services or features may be offered on X for which additional terms and conditions may apply in connection with your use of those services. These additional terms are accessible from our sites and applications dedicated to these services or features. By using or paying for any of these additional services, you will have to agree to any additional terms applicable to those services, and those additional terms will then also become part of our agreement with you. If any of the applicable additional terms conflict with these Terms, the additional terms will prevail while you are using those services to which they apply. 5. Limitations of Liability By using the Services you agree that X Corp., its parents, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents representatives, partners and licensors, liability is limited to the maximum extent permissible in your country of residence. To the extent permitted by law, you waive the right to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action, collective action or representative action proceeding. The X User Agreement is written in English but is made available in multiple languages through translations. X strives to make the translations as accurate as possible to the original English version. However, in case of any discrepancies or inconsistencies, the English language version of the X User Agreement shall take precedence. You acknowledge that English shall be the language of reference for interpreting and constructing the terms of the X User Agreement. © 2023 X Corp. Did someone say … cookies? Accept all cookies Refuse non-essential cookies