This service is only available to users of a certain age. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You have the right to leave this service at any time. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world. They may stop providing the service at any time. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. This service can license user content to third parties. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason. There is a date of the last update of the terms. this service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' eThis servicepectations or requirements. You can opt out of promotional communications. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. This service throttles your use. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents