 AllAnimeMangaCharactersPeopleCompaniesManga StoreNewsFeatured ArticlesForumClubsUsers ${ keyword } MyAnimeList Privacy Policy Update to our Privacy Policy We have recently updated our privacy policy, which will be implemented from February 27, 2023 onwards. Update to our Privacy Policy LAST UPDATED: February 27, 2023 This Privacy Policy is applicable only to the Sites and does not extend to information collected by any other websites or applications or to the practices or procedures of companies that the Company does not control. Note that the Sites may contain links to (or otherwise integrate with) other websites or applications, such as ad banners linking to another website. In such cases, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected on that website or application. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites or applications, and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of each website that you visit or application that you use. You do not need to provide information directly to us in order to view the Sites. However, when you use certain functions on the Sites, such as accessing certain features or content, registering for certain services, setting up a profile or contacting the Sites directly, you may provide us or we may ask for personally identifiable information or other information, which may include: When you use, interact with and visit the Sites, certain information may automatically be collected, including: The above listed technologies and information track your usage of the Sites and help us with respect to certain functionality of the Sites such as recognizing you, remembering your preferences, bringing you advertising (both on and off the Sites) and otherwise providing you with a more personalized experience. We may access information about you from third-party sources and platforms (such as Google Analytics Demographics and Interests Reports, social networking sites, databases, online marketing firms, our strategic business partners and ad targeting firms), including: Please note that the Sites may combine information we obtain from third-party sources with the information that we collect. Please also note that, if you make a payment on or through the Sites for digital content or for other transactions, we use third-party service providers to process your payment information. In order to provide our users with free access to our content, we display advertisements and other content on the Sites, many of which are targeted based on information about you. We may also send you advertising through other means, such as email. Using information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other sources, we may use demographic data or information about your online activities or interests to display or communicate targeted advertising that may be relevant to your preferences. Through this process, advertisers reach Sites visitors who are most interested in their products, and you see advertising for products or services in which you may be interested. Third-party advertisers and advertising platforms also may serve targeted ads on the Sites. Please remember that the information practices of third-party advertisers or platforms collecting data on our Sites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. We may use the information that we collect to send you e-mail communications, such as information about changes to the Sites or your account, promotional messages about our email newsletters, and our own or our affiliates’ or marketing partners' products and services. We may use the information that we collect to fulfill your requests for products, services, and information. We may use your contact information to respond to your customer service requests or to enable you to participate in features on the Sites such as surveys, polls, sweepstakes, and message boards. To provide you with an open and civil, discussion forum, we track user involvement in our community discussions. Our forum moderators monitor discussions and delete comments that we deem inappropriate in our forums. For more information on this process, please see the Sites' community rules, forum rules or comment policies about comment moderation guidelines. In order to learn more about how the Sites are used, we aggregate and analyze the data that we collect. We may use this information, for example, to better tailor our content and design to suit our visitors' needs, to increase our Sites' functionality, and to monitor and analyze use of the Sites. We may also disclose statistical and other aggregated (non-personal) information to third parties for a fee or other consideration. We may use the information we collect to provide support for and personalize the Sites and our products and services, and to create, maintain and secure your account. We may also use the information we collect to develop and improve and to help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Sites, products and services. By using the Sites, you consent to the uses stated above and any other use of information identified in this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may use the information that we collect for any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent. We will not keep your personal information any longer than reasonably necessary for the purposes described above. The Company values your privacy, and discloses information about the Sites' users mentioned in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy to third parties with which the Company has a business relationship and only under certain circumstances, provided that the Company should be responsible for the management of such information. We will make information about you, including personal information, available to such third parties only in situations and for purposes listed below: Please note that the third parties may independently collect data about you, through cookies, clicks on links, or other means when you visit or view ads on the Sites. We work closely with our affiliated companies, such as our parent companies and their affiliated entities and subsidiaries under common ownership or control. We disclose your information to our affiliates that either are subject to this Privacy Policy or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy. In some cases, these affiliates may operate portions of the Sites or aspects of related services, or market or sell offerings to you. In other cases, we operate stores, provide services, or sell digital content or other offering jointly with these affiliates. Additionally, some of our services, including messaging, may use "click-through URLs" linked to other content on our Sites. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in topics, Sites usability, and other measures of user engagement. The “do not track” (or “DNT”) concept has been promoted by regulatory authorities for the internet industry to develop and implement a mechanism for allowing internet users to control the tracking of their online activities across websites. Various web browsers offer a DNT option that sends a signal to websites visited by the user’s browser about the user's DNT preference. You can usually access your browser's DNT option in your browser's “preferences” or similar settings. As of the time of the posting of this Privacy Policy, there is no internet industry DNT technology standard. We take privacy and security seriously. With regard to DNT, the Sites do not currently respond to DNT signals in browsers because, as mentioned above, no DNT standard has been adopted. However, as explained above, you do have choices regarding how your browser handles cookies and other similar technologies. Some of the advertisements you see on the Sites are from third parties, such as advertising agencies, advertisers, ad networks, and audience segment providers. These third parties may collect information about you and your online activities, either on the Sites or on other websites, through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to understand your interests and tailor certain advertisements to your interests. The Company does not have control over, or access to the information these non-affiliated third parties may collect. Such third parties' information practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you choose to opt out of having your information used to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests, you will continue to see advertisements on the Sites, but these advertisements may not be as relevant to you. This Section 7 applies to users who are California residents. We include this Section 7 in our Privacy Policy to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Section 7. We collect “personal information” as defined under the CCPA, which is information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device. Personal information does not include publicly available information from government records, deidentified or aggregated consumer information or information excluded from the CCPA’s scope. In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information about consumers (i.e., California residents) within the last 12 months: We obtain the categories of personal information listed above as described above in Section 2 ("What information the Sites collect"), such as directly from you, automatically and indirectly from you and from third-party sources and platforms. We will not keep your personal information any longer than reasonably necessary for the purposes we describe above in Section 3 ("How we use the information that we collect"). Our primary criteria for determining the length of time we retain your personal information is the length of time you continue to use the Sites (e.g., for as long as you have an account with us or keep visiting the Sites). More specifically, the table below indicates how long we intend to retain different categories of information: We describe how we may use or disclose the personal information we collect above in Section 3 ("How we use the information that we collect"). We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. We may disclose your personal information to third parties for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter into an agreement with the third party that describes the purpose and requires the third party recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the agreement. We may disclose your personal information to the categories of third parties described above in Section 4 (“Information disclosures”). Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose: In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: We disclose your personal information for a business purpose to service providers, business partners and our affiliates. Sales and Sharing of Personal Information: In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed Category A personal information (“Identifiers”) to third party advertisers, or have allowed those advertisers to collect Category A personal information, through the Sites. This disclosure of personal information may be considered a “sale” of personal information under the CCPA. We also have shared such personal information with third party advertisers for cross-context behavioral advertising in the preceding twelve (12) months. The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information, as we describe further below. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights: As a California resident, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see below “Exercising Your CCPA Access, Data Portability, Correction and Deletion Rights”), we will disclose to you: Correction and Deletion Request Rights: As a California resident, you have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information or delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see below “Exercising Your CCPA Access, Data Portability, Correction and Deletion Rights”), we will correct or delete (and direct our service providers to correct or delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if keeping the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: Exercising Your CCPA Access, Data Portability, Correction and Deletion Rights: Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must (a) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative and (b) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of receipt, but if we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. If we cannot comply with the request, our response will explain the reasons we cannot comply. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to easily transfer the information from one entity to another entity. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Personal Information Sales and Sharing Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not do any of the following: However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. Subject to any exemptions provided by law, your rights under the GDPR include the following: Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please also note that our fulfillment of certain requests, such as requests to delete your information or restrict the processing of your information, may result in your being unable to use the Sites or us being unable to provide you certain products or services. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State of your habitual residence, place of work, or place of the alleged infringement if you think we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the GDPR. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the EEA. If you are in the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the personal information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it, as we discuss above in this policy. We process your information with your consent, or because we have legitimate interests, such as: Some of the personal information we collect may be processed in the United States, and by using our Sites you acknowledge and consent to the processing of your data in the United States. The United States is not subject to a finding of “adequacy” from the European Commission under Article 41 of the GDPR. Accordingly, we rely on derogations set forth in Article 44 of the GDPR. You can find out what categories of your personal information are processed, why we process your personal information and the third parties to whom we disclose your personal information by reviewing Sections 2, 3 and 4 above in this Privacy Policy. If you are a resident of Brazil, you have certain data privacy and protection rights under the General Data Protection Law (Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados) (“LGPD”). Subject to any exemptions provided by law, under the LGPD, you have the right to: You can submit a request to exercise your rights at any time, and free from any charge, by contacting us at our contact information provided below in this Privacy Policy or by contacting our Data Protection Officer listed below. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. Please also note that our fulfillment of certain requests, such as requests to delete your information, may result in your being unable to use the Sites or us being unable to provide you certain products or services. We only process your personal information with your consent or if we have another legal basis for the processing under the LGPD. You can find out what categories of your personal information are processed, why we process your personal information and the third parties to whom we disclose your personal information by reviewing Sections 2, 3 and 4 above in this Privacy Policy. MAL has appointed an internal Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) for you to contact if you have any questions or concerns about MAL’s personal information policies or practices. The name and contact information for MAL’s DPO are as follows: The Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children or allow children to register without verifiable parental consent. The Sites are appropriate for a wide range of users, but the Company’s Sites are not directed to children. However, children under the age of 13 in the U.S. may access the Sites if, and only if, we have obtained verifiable parental consent from their parent or guardian in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). Similarly, children under the age of 16 in Europe and children under age 13 outside of Europe are only allowed to access the Sites with verifiable parental consent. If you are a parent or guardian of a child who wishes to access the Sites, please review our Privacy Policy (including the “California Residents” section above if your child is a resident of California) and discuss it with your child so that you and your child will understand our policies regarding the collection, use and sharing of personal information. We may collect, use and disclose personal information of children under the age 16 in Europe and under age 13 in the U.S. (and elsewhere outside of Europe) if it is collected from a child whose parent or guardian has provided verifiable parental consent. In such cases, and subject to our compliance with applicable law, we may collect personal information from children for any of the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy and may use, disclose, and otherwise process such information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We take reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of children’s personal information, including by taking reasonable steps to release such information only to third parties capable of maintaining its confidentiality, security and integrity. We retain children’s personal information only as long as is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected and delete such information using reasonable measures to protect against its unauthorized access or use. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16 in Europe or under age 13 in the U.S. or elsewhere without verification of parental consent, we will delete such information. If you are a minor age 16 or over in Europe, a minor age 13 or over in the U.S. or elsewhere, or an individual considered a child in another jurisdiction, you may only use the Sites with the permission and under the supervision of your parent or guardian. A parent or guardian who has given us permission to collect, use, and disclose their child's personal information can, at any time: We limit access to contact information about you to employees or service providers who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. We also have adopted commercially reasonable technical, physical, and administrative procedures to help protect information about you from loss, unauthorized access, misuse, and alteration. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any personal information will provide sufficient protection of your personal information. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your login password, or any national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited communication. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using the Sites, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. If you have any concerns with the way we collect and handle your personal information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such personal information held by us, please contact us. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request; please note, though, that at a minimum we may retain certain information if required by law. You understand that deletion of your personal information may result in you not being able to view or use portions of our Sites which depend on such information. Our offices are located in Japan. We store and process data for the Sites in Japan and may also store and process certain data in the United States. If you visit the Sites from another country, please be aware that information you provide to us or that we obtain as a result of your use of the Sites may be processed in and transferred to Japan and the United States and will be subject to Japan and U.S. law. By using the Sites or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of information to and in Japan and the United States. This Privacy Policy may be amended by us from time to time and we reserve the right to do so at any time. Any amendments to the Privacy Policy will be posted here and the date indicated on the top of the Privacy Policy will state the date the Privacy Policy was last revised. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or disclose personal information that may impact you, we will notify you by sending an email to the email address associated with your user account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice through the Sites. Before we use your personal information for a purpose that is materially different than the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorized, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out. Your continued use of our Sites after any amendments to the Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and law that applied at the time the information was collected. 1 2 3 4 5 MyAnimeList.net is a property of MyAnimeList Co.,Ltd. ©2023 All Rights Reserved.