 Contact Us Click here to open search box Search Open and close mobile menu Who we are Link to page Our purpose and strategy Our history and companies What we do Services Working with us Our teams & people Learning & development Benefits & perks Vacancies Impact on Society Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Current Item Search in site Home The world needs progress makers Acting as an enabler between global technology brands and the people and businesses who use their products, we bring technology solutions that save time, enhance experiences and improve lifestyles. To make progress happen across 3 industries Exertis is our fastest growing distributor. But what’s more pleasing is their focus on the innovation we do together, and the diversity and inclusion agenda we’re working on together. It’s a great partnership Kristina Michalsky Vice President Consumer Sales Organisation, Microsoft Americas Great products need great partners, that’s why we've partnered with Exertis Almo Premium Appliances to ensure the best service and support in the industry. Hestan Premium Cooker Range Manufacturer and Installer With a deep passion for AV, I've found a place where my professional journey aligns perfectly with my personal values. It's not just a workplace; it's a community of passionate individuals committed to making a positive impact. Ana Dobrian National Account Manager, The Music People They have demonstrated remarkable creativity, agility and leadership in delivering a cutting-edge solution that meets the need of their customers & partners. Anjana Srinivasan Device Partner Solution Sales Lead, Microsoft UK I feel myself seen, heard and respected. Their best-in-class vision towards partners, in which a happy place to work is central, really appeals to me. Innovative, ambitious and helpful is how I describe Exertis as an employer. Roel van der Krabben Digital Transformation & Marketing Manager, Amacom (Benelux) I’ve been given a wealth of opportunities working here and since becoming chair of our LGBTQIA+ ERG, I feel so confident to bring my true self to work, the first time in my career where I have felt truly comfortable to be myself. Mark Burton Direct to Consumer Product Owner and Chair of the UK LGBTQIA+ ERG Matrox Video enjoys collaborating with JB&A as a value added distributor, especially when it comes to our channel marketing efforts. Over the years, we've found that JB&A truly gets what we're all about as a manufacturer. Ron Rundell Director of Sales Americas, Matrox Graphics Inc. We rely on them for updates on the current market and where things are going next. The JB&A videos help us deliver our exact message to customers we would never reach on our own. Mark Wegener National Channel Manager, Quantum Corp. Banner Slide Left Banner Slide Right We are a collection of specialist businesses, assisting brands, retailers and resellers to reach their customers ENHANCED EXPERIENCES Pro Tech (Professional Technology) We make enhanced experiences happen through high end professional solutions, from data centres which support the medical industry to Formula One to solutions which support advanced audio and visual solutions from offices to concerts. FASTER CONNECTIONS Info Tech (Information Technology) We make faster connections happen by supplying B2C and B2B markets with the latest IT equipment and services, swiftly and efficiently through our specialist businesses. HIGH QUALITY LIFESTYLES Life Tech (Lifestyle Technology) We make high-quality lifestyles happen – from smart kitchen appliances, musical instruments to gaming, through our specialist businesses. £ 5.3 b Revenue in the last financial year 2,500 + Technology brands in our portfolio 63,000 Customers regularly served by our expert teams 4,800 Employees at the heart of our business success <div class="module-full-image-bg__outer-wrapper img--bg position-relative" style="background-image: url('/~/media/Images/E/Exertis-Corp/exertis-images/home/full-image.jpg')"> Contact us to learn more about our specialist vendor and customer solutions How can we help you? Join our team Explore opportunities to join us and boost your career Join as a supplier Enquire about working with us as a supplier and discover our range of services Join as a customer Enquire about becoming a customer to access market-leading support Quick links Find your perfect solution from Exertis at just the click of a button View our collection of specialist businesses and brands Learn about our company culture and what fuels our progress View our list of live opportunities to join our diverse team