Games Tools Unity Engine Unity Cloud Unity Muse Parsec SyncSketch Ziva SpeedTree Asset Store All products Services DevOps Multiplayer Engagement and Analytics Game Backend All Gaming Services Growth Monetization User Acquisition Device Management Publishing Platforms Multiplatform Mobile Desktop Consoles VR Support Submit a Ticket Support Plans Consulting and Co-Dev Professional Training Film Wētā Tools Solutions Characters Vegetation Animation Industry Unity Industry Pixyz Verticals Architecture and Construction Automotive Manufacturing Energy Aerospace Retail Use Cases Digital Twins Operations HMI Training and Guidance Design Sales and Marketing Simulation Community Discussions Creator Advocates Events User Groups Forums Social Reddit Discord Sale Top Assets Become a Publisher Resources Download Unity Beta Program Releases Developer tools Docs Documentation Technical FAQ News Unity Blog Case Studies Product Roadmaps Ticketing System Issue Tracker UGS Release Notes Learn Unity Learn Pathways Courses Projects Tutorials How-to and E-Books Professional Unity Certified Instructor COE Partner Program Education Students Educators Institutions Plans and pricing What are you looking for? Help and support Quick access Forum Create a Unity ID Sign in Legal Information Privacy Policy Hub This Privacy Policy governs our information practices for our Developer Services, which includes any websites, where a link to this Policy is provided. Developer Services means products and services intended for a party that develops and/or distributes a game or other app made with and/or using Unity Services. This Privacy Policy also applies to Personal Information we collect offline, such as when you call us or interact with Unity in person, such as at an industry event or at a place of business. These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive . They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you. Customers should understand that Unity does not provide legal advice, therefore the information on this page is not a substitute for seeking your own legal counsel to determine the legal requirements of your business and processes, and how to address them. This Privacy Policy will provide you with information on how Unity Technologies will collect, use, store, share or otherwise handle your Personal Information that we are responsible for and collect or receive through your use of applications which are owned by third parties but utilize Unity’s technology. These FAQs provide a handy entry point to our longer and more comprehensive .They are intended to enhance rather than replace the important notices in the Privacy Policy, which governs our collection, use, storage, and sharing of the information that we collect or receive from you. This sets forth Unity’s policies and procedures regarding the Unity software products in schools. This sets forth special privacy terms regarding use of the Unity MARS Companion App. In 2021, the European Commission and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commission issued new Standard Contractual Clauses ("2021 SCCs"). Additionally, in 2022, the UK Parliament approved the UK International Data Transfer Addendum to the EU SCCs (“UK Addendum”). The 2021 SCCs and UK Addendum replace the Standard Contractual Clauses enacted in 2010 (“2010 SCCs”). This is a pre-signed copy of this document which you may download, execute on your side, and return to DPA@unity3d.com. This notice explains Unity's processing activities with respect to Personal Information collected through users of Generative AI Tools Language English Deutsch 日本語 Français Português 中文 Español Русский 한국어 Currency USD Purchase Products Unity Ads Subscription Unity Asset Store Resellers Certification Center of Excellence Download Get Unity Download Archive Unity Labs Labs Publications Learn platform Unity QA FAQ Services Status Made with Unity Unity Our Company Brand Newsletter Blog Careers Help Press Partners Investors Affiliates Security Social Impact Inclusion & Diversity Copyright © 2024 Unity Technologies Legal Privacy Policy Cookies Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information "Unity", Unity logos, and other Unity trademarks are trademarks or registered trademarks of Unity Technologies or its affiliates in the U.S. and elsewhere (). Other names or brands are trademarks of their respective owners.