The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The court of law governing the terms is in Denmark. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. They may stop providing the service at any time. You waive your right to a class action.. This service is only available to users over a certain age. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service. You must create an account to use this service. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. You maintain ownership of your content. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. Your content can be deleted if you violate the terms. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or 1000$. You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes (with some exceptions).  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. if you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportThis service to defend yourself. [Parsec Users] You waive your moral rights. [Parsec Users] If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. You have the right to leave this service at any time