my subreddits - |  Want to join? or in seconds. use the following search parameters to narrow your results: e.g. this post was submitted on (64% upvoted) 3 points shortlink: Get an ad-free experience with special benefits, and directly support Reddit. 1,337,139 readers 1,155 users here now Dedicated to the intersection of technology, privacy, and freedom in the digital world. "I don't have anything to hide but I don't have anything I want to show you either" - @CryptopartyBLN "Privacy is not a sign of wrongdoing. Privacy is a sign of freedom." - Subreddit Rules and Wiki Before posting in , read the . Sidebar Rules Enjoy our ! It has all sorts of nifty advice and explains most topics you’re interested in if you’re reading this. Wiki Related Subreddits: Donate Consider donating to one of the organizations that fight for your rights. American Civil Liberties Union Electronic Frontier Foundation Electronic Privacy Information Center European Digital Rights Free Software Foundation Open Rights Group Tor High bandwidth Tor exit nodes a community for MODERATORS X · 275 83 comments How to figure out which cars to avoid for privacy reasons? 27 1 comment FCC presses carmakers, wireless providers to protect domestic abuse survivors from stalking tools 282 69 comments Proton blog: "Outlook is Microsoft’s new data collection service" 31 comments Do I have to give the Phone repair guy my pin/password? 16 119 comments i want to switch away from Proton pass, what are better alternatives? 13 15 comments Brute forcing the new Facebook Messenger end-to-end encryption seems easy 5 4 comments Personal and professional moral conflict What technology to use moving forward with AI in the picture 77 14 comments The Samsung keyboard retains the phone's clipboard history when you clear it from any other keyboard app. Why isn't this considered a serious security flaw? Is it illegal for a district to not provide an opt-out for monitoring software such as GoGuardian? Welcome to Reddit, the front page of the internet. and join one of thousands of communities. 2 4 () submitted by We're planning on doing a limited launch tomorrow, so we're not offering anything yet. Still wrapping up a few back end things and getting the team situated. I saw the other guy's thread about this and most of what was suggested is already implemented on our end, but it doesn't hurt to ask for additional opinions. So, we're a small team of guy's who have a lot of experience in the web-hosting industry. The three of us have over 40 years of experience combined in different aspects of the industry, but we all have one thing in common: A general distain for the current state of big-tech, we value privacy (and have all unfortunately witnessed the total disregard of it in our industry at one point or another, from various companies...) and believe in the idea of freedom expression as a fundamental human right. This whole start up is actually something unique in the industry, we're starting off with multi-network shared hosting which will allow customers to publish content direct to the clearnet (regular internet) as well as to the I2P and TOR networks natively (opt-in, not enabled by default but free and encouraged). I'm not going to go on a big long sales pitch because the main purpose of this post is to have our policies reviewed by people who actually care about this sort of thing: Our Privacy Policy: Our Terms of Service and Acceptable Usage Policy: You'll notice that in our footer are other links you may find useful: Our warrant canary and public keys. There we will also include our future quarterly transparency reports. You can find our alternative network links there, too. Let me know of any concerns you have, I'll be happy to review and adjust as needed within reason. I think these are fair terms and a fair privacy policy but it's always good to get outside opinions. all 3 comments sorted by: best Want to add to the discussion? Post a comment! [deleted] [] 0 points 1 point 2 points I like that website design and its nice to see privacy respecting hosting. Do you allow tor relay/exit in your vps network when you start selling them? Edit: nvm found it in your aup Yep, we'll allow service nodes for various networks on our VPS hosting. I2P routers, Tor relays, bridges and exits, Yggdrasil peers, etc. HOWEVER, we are planning to launch a service specific to that. At it's core it'll still just be a VPS, but since things like relays and exits are a bit more predictable, we can build out the hardware side of things with that in mind. We don't need to offer fast storage across a large array (for example) for a Tor Exit. These things don't require much storage space and are mainly CPU/Memory/Bandwidth hogs. Shouldn't be large spikes in their resource usage. That'll allow us to save money and offer that service at a lower cost than our traditional VPS hosting, and the relay/router/exit/whatever service will likely be available in more countries than the standard shared and VPS hosting. Because these services aren't , but rather contributing network resources to a larger network, we can confidently offer them in places we wouldn't want to host content in. At least, that's the idea! hosting content 3 points Right now we are renting with plans to colocate as we grow. We are only operating in places that allow for us to easily scale that way. Current stuff is with an upstream provider that we all know and trust and who is very supportive of this project, this is where our DDOS filtering is coming into play as well. We do have plans to offer DDOS protection for VPSes, we want to offer it natively which is the most ideal solution and going back and forth on how best to do it.. As far as how good what we currently are using is, it depends on what else is going on on the network at the time but it has 500Gbps capacity which is NOT dedicated solely to us. No problems. We're starting off small, and planning on scaling as we grow. This is a new type of concept so we decided it was the best way to approach it instead of going 'all in', so to speak.