Solutions Start Start your business Build your brand Create your website Online store editor Customize your store Store themes Find business apps Shopify app store Own your site domain Domains & hosting Explore free business tools Tools to run your business Sell Sell your products Sell online or in person Check out customers World-class checkout Sell online Grow your business online Sell across channels Reach millions of shoppers and boost sales Sell in person Point of Sale (POS) Sell globally International sales Sell wholesale & direct Business-to-business (B2B) Accept online payments Set up forms of payment Market Market your business Reach & retain customers Market across social Social media integrations Chat with customers Shopify Inbox Nurture customers Shopify Email Know your audience Gain customer insights Manage Manage your business Track sales, orders & analytics Measure your performance Analytics and Reporting Ship orders faster Shopify Shipping Manage your stock & orders Inventory & order management Outsource fulfillment & returns Shopify Fulfillment Network Get paid faster Shopify Balance Secure business funding Shopify Capital Automate your business Shopify Flow Shopify Developers Build with Shopify's powerful APIs Plus A commerce solution for growing digital brands Enterprise The composable stack for enterprise retail All Products Explore all Shopify products & features Resources Help and support Get 24/7 support How-to guides Read in-depth business guides Business Courses Learn from proven experts Shopify blog Business strategy tips Popular topics What is Shopify? How our commerce platform works Shopify Editions New, innovative Shopify products Founder Stories Learn from successful merchants Branding Build your brand from scratch Marketing Build a marketing plan Ecommerce SEO Improve your search ranking Social media strategy Turn social into sales Business growth Scale your business Essential tools Business name generator Logo maker Stock photography Business Plan Template Link in bio tool QR code generator What's new Changelog Your source for recent updates Summer ’23 Edition The latest 100+ product updates All Editions Archive of past Shopify Editions Newsroom All company news and press releases Privacy PolicyShopify Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Shopify Privacy Policy Updated March 2, 2023Privacy PolicyHow Shopify handles your data Updated March 2, 2023 How Shopify handles your data In our mission to make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use information about you, our This Privacy Policy will help you better understand how we collect, use, and share your personal information. If we change our privacy practices, we may update this privacy policy. If any changes are significant, we will let you know (for example, through the Shopify admin or by email). Trust is the foundation of the Shopify platform and includes trusting us to do the right thing with your information. Three main values guide us as we develop our products and services. These values should help you better understand how we think about your information and privacy. Your information belongs to you We carefully analyze what types of information we need to provide our services, and we try to limit the information we collect to only what we really need. Where possible, we delete or anonymize this information when we no longer need it. When building and improving our products, our engineers work closely with our privacy and security teams to build with privacy in mind. In all of this work our guiding principle is that your information belongs to you, and we aim to only use your information to your benefit. We protect your information from others If a third party requests your personal information, we will refuse to share it unless you give us permission or we are legally required. When we are legally required to share your personal information, we will tell you in advance, unless we are legally forbidden. We help merchants and partners meet their privacy obligations Many of the merchants and partners using Shopify do not have the benefit of a dedicated privacy team, and it is important to us to help them meet their privacy obligations. To do this, we try to build our products and services so they can easily be used in a privacy-friendly way. We also provide detailed FAQs and documentation covering the most important privacy topics, and respond to privacy-related questions we receive. We generally process your information when we need to do so to fulfill a contractual obligation (for example, to process your subscription payments to use the Shopify platform), or where we or someone we work with needs to use your personal information for a reason related to their business (for example, to provide you with a service). Laws in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and in the United Kingdom (“UK”) call these reasons “legitimate interests.” These “legitimate interests” include: We only process personal information for these “legitimate interests” after considering the potential risks to your privacy and balancing any risks with certain measures—for example, by providing clear transparency into our privacy practices, offering you control over your personal information where appropriate, limiting the information we keep, limiting what we do with your information, who we send your information to, how long we keep your information, or the technical measures we use to protect your information. We may also process your personal information where you have provided your consent. In particular, where we cannot rely on an alternative legal basis for processing, where you direct us to transfer information to a third party, where we receive your data from a third party is sourced and it already comes with consent or where we are required by law to ask for your consent (including in the context of some of our sales and marketing activities). At any time, you have a right to withdraw your consent by changing your communication choices, opting out from our communications or by contacting us. Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, to understand our purposes for processing, categories of recipients and legal basis for processing for each type of personal data. We believe you should be able to access and control your personal information no matter where you live. Depending on how you use Shopify, you may have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, port to another service provider, restrict, or object to certain uses of your personal information. We will not charge you more or provide you with a different level of service if you exercise any of these rights. Please note that a number of these rights apply only in certain circumstances, and all of these rights may be limited by law. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store and wish to exercise these rights over information about your purchase or interaction, you need to directly contact the merchant you interacted with. We are a processor and process information on their behalf. We will of course help our merchants to fulfill these requests to the extent required by law, such as by giving them the tools to do so and by answering their questions. If you are not happy with our response to a request, you can contact us to resolve the issue. If you are located in the EEA or UK, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy authority at any time. We are a Canadian company, but we work with and process data about individuals across the world. To operate our business, we may send your personal information outside of your state, province, or country, including to the United States. This data may be subject to the laws of the countries where we send it. We take steps to protect your information when we send your information across borders. Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant. If you are located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, your personal information is controlled by our Irish affiliate, Shopify International Ltd. Your information is then sent to other Shopify locations and to service providers who may be located in other regions, including Canada (where we are based) and the United States. When we send your personal information outside of the EEA, UK or Switzerland, we do so in accordance with applicable law. We will retain your personal data only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we have collected it. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of your personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means and the applicable legal requirements. We will also retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our policies. If you stop using our services or if you delete your account with us, we will delete your information or store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format. Depending on whether you are a merchant, customer, partner, user or visitor, please refer to our supplemental privacy policies, as relevant, for further details on the retention of your personal information. One of the ways in which we are able to help merchants using Shopify is by using techniques like “machine learning” (some laws, including certain EEA and UK laws, may refer to this as “automated decision-making”) to help us improve our services. When we use machine learning, we either: (1) still have a human being involved in the process (and so are not fully automated); or (2) use machine learning in ways that don’t have legal or similarly significant effects (for example, reordering how apps might appear when you visit the app store). If you are a merchant, partner, Shop user, Shopify employee, website visitor or other individual that Shopify has a direct relationship with and you are located in the EEA or UK, Shopify International Ltd is the controller of your personal data. If you buy something from or otherwise provide your information to a Shopify-powered store, the merchant is your data controller and we are acting as a processor on their behalf. If you have questions about how a merchant or store processes your personal information, you should contact the merchant or visit their privacy policy. Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd. Attn: Data Protection Officer 77 Robinson Road, #13-00 Robinson 77, Singapore 068896 If you are located in the EEA, the UK, the Middle East, South America, or Africa: Shopify International Ltd. Attn: Data Protection Officer c/o Intertrust Ireland 2nd Floor 1-2 Victoria Buildings Haddington Road Dublin 4, D04 XN32 Ireland If you are located in Asia, Australia, or New Zealand: This US Notice is for individuals residing in certain US states and is designed to help you better understand how we collect, use, and disclose your personal information and, depending on how you use Shopify and where you reside, how to exercise available rights under various applicable privacy laws in the US, specifically the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively, the “US Privacy Laws”). To provide our apps and services to you, we must process information about you, including personal information. We do not “sell” your personal information as that term is defined under US Privacy Laws. Here is a summary of the categories of personal information we may have collected about you over the past 12 months and with whom we may have disclosed that information to, depending on how you use Shopify. We use and share your personal information for the purposes set out in the Shopify Privacy Policies. For categories of sensitive personal information that we collect, we only use or disclose such information either with your specific consent when required, or as otherwise permitted by law. To make commerce better for everyone at Shopify, we collect and use personal information provided by: Because we need your personal information to provide Shopify services, we generally keep your personal information, including sensitive personal information, while you use Shopify products or services or until you tell us to delete your information. We may also keep personal information to comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. If you are a merchant operating a Shopify-powered store, and you close the store, stop paying your subscription fees, or we terminate your account, we retain store information for two years before we begin the deletion process. When you visit or make a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, we act as a service provider or processor for the merchant, and the merchant, not Shopify, decides how long your information is retained. Depending on where you live, how you use Shopify, and subject to certain exceptions, you may have some or all of the following rights: If you have visited or made a purchase from a merchant’s Shopify-powered store, please contact the specific merchant directly. If you make a request to us, we will forward your request to the relevant merchant. Please note that to protect your information and the integrity of our products and services, we may need to verify your identity before processing your request. In some cases we may need to collect additional information to verify your identity, such as your email address or a government issued ID. Under US Privacy Laws, you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. If you use an authorized agent to submit a request, we may need to collect additional information, such as a government issued ID, to verify your identity before processing your request to protect your information. For information on the CCPA requests we have received, please see here. In certain states, you may have the right to appeal our decision regarding a request related to these rights. If you wish to appeal a decision, please contact Shopify Support. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. If you would like to ask about or have concerns about how we process your personal information, please contact Shopify Support. If you want to make a request relating to your personal information, please contact us using the methods set out in the section immediately above. Opens an external site in a new window Shopify Logo USA Country/region Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram TikTok LinkedIn Pinterest null