The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. The service has a no refund policy. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. The service provides a free help desk. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself. You maintain ownership of your content. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Many third parties are involved in operating the service. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . Prohibits the publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent. The service collects many different types of personal data. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. This service gathers information about you through third parties. This service is only available to users over a certain age. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction.. The court of law governing the terms is in Delaware, USA. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. This service informs users that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. This services gives no guarantee regarding quality. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. If you live in the European Economic Area, your data is processed and stored in countries that are less friendly to user privacy protection. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation