Solutions Start Start your business Build your brand Create your website Online store editor Customize your store Store themes Find business apps Shopify app store Own your site domain Domains & hosting Explore free business tools Tools to run your business Sell Sell your products Sell online or in person Check out customers World-class checkout Sell online Grow your business online Sell across channels Reach millions of shoppers and boost sales Sell in person Point of Sale (POS) Sell globally International sales Sell wholesale & direct Business-to-business (B2B) Accept online payments Set up forms of payment Market Market your business Reach & retain customers Market across social Social media integrations Chat with customers Shopify Inbox Nurture customers Shopify Email Know your audience Gain customer insights Manage Manage your business Track sales, orders & analytics Measure your performance Analytics and Reporting Ship orders faster Shopify Shipping Manage your stock & orders Inventory & order management Outsource fulfillment & returns Shopify Fulfillment Network Get paid faster Shopify Balance Secure business funding Shopify Capital Automate your business Shopify Flow Shopify Developers Build with Shopify's powerful APIs Plus A commerce solution for growing digital brands Enterprise The composable stack for enterprise retail All Products Explore all Shopify products & features Resources Help and support Get 24/7 support How-to guides Read in-depth business guides Business Courses Learn from proven experts Shopify blog Business strategy tips Popular topics What is Shopify? How our commerce platform works Shopify Editions New, innovative Shopify products Founder Stories Learn from successful merchants Branding Build your brand from scratch Marketing Build a marketing plan Ecommerce SEO Improve your search ranking Social media strategy Turn social into sales Business growth Scale your business Essential tools Business name generator Logo maker Stock photography Business Plan Template Link in bio tool QR code generator What's new Changelog Your source for recent updates Summer ’23 Edition The latest 100+ product updates All Editions Archive of past Shopify Editions Newsroom All company news and press releases Terms of Service Last updated on: March 1, 2023 Welcome to Shopify! By signing up for a Shopify Account (as defined in Section 1) or by using any Shopify Services (as defined below), you are agreeing to be bound by the following terms and conditions (the “Terms of Service”). As used in these Terms of Service, “we”, “us”, “our” and “Shopify” means the applicable Shopify Contracting Party (as defined in Section 13 below), and “you” means the Shopify User (if registering for or using a Shopify Service as an individual), or the business employing the Shopify User (if registering for or using a Shopify Service as a business) and any of its affiliates. Everyday language summaries are provided for convenience only and appear in bold near each section, but these summaries are not legally binding. Please read the Terms of Service, including any document referred to in these Terms of Service, for the complete picture of your legal requirements. By using Shopify or any Shopify services, you are agreeing to these terms. Be sure to occasionally check back for updates. You are responsible for your Account, the Materials you upload to the Shopify Service and the operation of your Shopify Store. If you violate Shopify’s terms of service we may cancel your service access. If we need to reach you, we will communicate via the Primary Email Address. Only one person can be the “Store Owner”, usually the person signing up for the Shopify Service. The Store Owner is responsible for the Account, is bound by these Terms of Service and is responsible for the actions of others accessing the Account. If you sign up on behalf of your employer, your employer is the Store Owner responsible for your Account. We automatically create certain accounts for you to accept payments. You are responsible for activating and deactivating these accounts and complying with their terms, which may be with various third parties, including but not limited to PayPal, Apple Pay, Google Payment and Shop Pay. Any domain you purchase through us will automatically renew unless you opt out. 2.1 Store Owner 2.2 Staff Accounts 2.3 PayPal Express Checkout and Shopify Payments Accounts 2.4 Shop Pay 2.5 Apple Pay for Safari Account 2.6 Google Pay 2.7 Meta Pay 2.8 Domain Names Shopify has the right to control who we make our Services available to and we can modify them at any time. We also have the right to refuse or remove Materials from any part of the Services, including your Store. We may offer our services to your competitors, but we will never share your confidential information with them in doing so. In the event of an ownership dispute over a Shopify Account, we can freeze a Shopify Account or transfer it to the rightful owner, as determined by us. You are responsible for your Shopify Store, the goods or services you sell, and your relationship with your customers, not us. If you access the Shopify API, your use of the Shopify API is subject to the API Terms. A valid payment method (such as a credit card) must remain on file to pay all service fees, including the subscription, transaction and additional fees required for all stores. You will be billed for your Subscription Fees every 30 days. Any Transaction Fees or Additional Fees will be charged to your payment method. If we are unable to process payment of Fees using your payment method, we may make subsequent attempts to process payment of Fees using your payment method. If payment of Fees is unsuccessful within 28 days of our initial attempt to process payment, Shopify may freeze your store. You are responsible for all taxes relating to your Store or use of the Services. You may be required to remit Taxes to Shopify or to self-remit to your local taxing authority. No refunds. Both you and Shopify agree to use the Confidential Information of the other only to perform the obligations in these Terms of Service. Confidential Information must be protected and respected. We are not responsible for damages or lawsuits that arise if you break the law, breach this agreement or go against the rights of a third party. The Service is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. We provide no warranties and our liability is limited in the event of errors or interruptions. Anything you upload remains yours (if it was yours) and is your responsibility, but Shopify can use and publish the things you upload. Anything uploaded to Shopify remains the property and responsibility of its initial owner. However, Shopify will receive a license of materials published through our platform that we may use to operate and promote our Services. 8.1 Your Materials 8.2 Shopify Intellectual Property 9.1 POS Services If you use our POS Services, you must use the same payment processor that you use for the Online Services. You can cancel your POS Services at any time and still keep your Online Services active. While we take data security very seriously, we can’t guarantee that all transmissions using the POS Equipment are 100% secure. All transactions transmitted using the POS Equipment are at your own risk. Remember that the POS equipment is purchased, not leased. Our POS Equipment return policy applies to all POS equipment, except Chip & Swipe Reader, Swipe (Audio Jack) and physical gift cards 9.2 Shopify Shipping If you use Shopify Shipping, you must comply with the Shopify Shipping Terms of Service. 9.3 SMS Messaging when you use our SMS Services, you have to comply with our terms, the acceptable use policies of the SMS providers, and the law. 9.4 Theme Store You can purchase our Themes to use for one Store at a time. You are free to modify our Themes, but do not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others, including the designer. For Theme-related problems, contact the designer. Note that Themes may disappear over time and are subject to change. 9.5 Shopify Email By using the Email Services, you agree that Shopify may use certain tools to ensure the content of the emails sent through the service is safe and compliant with our policies. You may generate or send email from your Account using the Shopify email services (the “Email Services”). In addition to the terms applicable to the Services generally (including Shopify’s Acceptable Use Policy, and Privacy Policy), the following terms apply to your access and use of the Email Services: 9.6 Shop App The Shop App is a sales channel that is only available to Eligible Merchants and will display Materials from your Shopify Store. If you do not wish for your Materials to be available in the Shop App, it is your responsibility to manage or deactivate this Service. 9.7 Third Party Services, Experts, and Experts Marketplace We are not responsible for third party services, so use them at your own risk. If you choose to use Third Party Services on the Shopify platform, you consent to us sharing your data (and potentially the data of your Customers) to those services. If you use Third Party Services you agree that we do not provide a warranty, so get advice beforehand. 9.8 Beta Services Beta Services may be offered from time to time. They are not a part of the regular Services, and they might have errors or change at any time. You use Beta Services at your own risk, and we are not responsible for any losses or harm that might come from using a Beta Service. You may be required to keep your participation in the Beta Services confidential. 9.9 Shopify Pixel Manager The Shopify Pixel Manager enables you or a third party to track customer events by adding pixels to your Shopify Store. If you use the Shopify Pixel Manager, you are responsible for obtaining all necessary consents from store visitors and customers whose events you track. Shopify allows you to add pixels to your Shopify Store to enable you or a third party to track customer events (the “Shopify Pixel Manager”). You may manage your pixels from within the user interface in the administrative console of your Shopify Store. In addition to the terms applicable to your use of the Services generally (including these Terms of Service, Shopify’s Acceptable Use Policy, and Privacy Policy), the following terms apply to your access to and use of the Shopify Pixel Manager; a. You will comply with all applicable laws and obtain all necessary consents from every site visitor and customer whose events you track; b. If you provide Shopify with any data collected using pixels, including names, email addresses, phone numbers, or other data that personally identifies an individual, you will obtain all necessary rights and consents prior to providing Shopify with the foregoing information; c. You agree that Shopify may disable any pixels that Shopify identifies as malicious, in Shopify’s sole discretion; and d. You will not, and will not allow any third parties to, use pixels; i. to engage in or promote any unlawful, infringing, defamatory or otherwise harmful activity; or ii. to disable, interfere with or circumvent any aspect of the Services. Shopify may collect information associated with the Shopify Pixel Manager, such as how pixels are used, and how and what scripts are added. Shopify may use this data to improve, maintain, protect and develop the Shopify Pixel Manager. We welcome customer feedback but are under no obligation to ensure that ideas and suggestions regarding our Services or the services of third parties remain confidential and we can use the feedback in any way we want. Shopify welcomes any ideas and/or suggestions regarding improvements or additions to the Services. Under no circumstances will any disclosure of any idea, suggestion or related material or any review of the Services, Third Party Services or any Third Party Provider (collectively, “Feedback”) to Shopify be subject to any obligation of confidentiality or expectation of compensation. By submitting Feedback to Shopify (whether submitted directly to Shopify or posted on any Shopify hosted forum or page), you waive any and all rights in the Feedback and that Shopify is free to implement and use the Feedback if desired, as provided by you or as modified by Shopify, without obtaining permission or license from you or from any third party. Any reviews of a Third Party Service or Third Party Provider that you submit to Shopify must be accurate to the best of your knowledge, and must not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable. Shopify reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit Feedback of Third Party Services or Third Party Providers, but does not regularly inspect posted Feedback. Shopify respects intellectual property rights and you should too. If we receive a DMCA Notice, we may disable access or remove the allegedly infringing content from your Store. If you don’t think the claim is valid, you can send a counter notification. If you believe one of our merchants is infringing your intellectual property rights, you can send Shopify a DMCA Notice. We will expeditiously disable access or remove the content and notify the merchant. Shopify’s use and collection of personal information is governed by our Privacy Policy. Shopify’s use and collection of customer personal information is further governed by our Data Processing Addendum. If the billing address of your Store is located in the United States or Canada, this Section 13(1) applies to you: “Shopify Contracting Party” means Shopify Inc., a Canadian corporation, with offices located at 151 O’Connor Street, Ground floor, Ottawa, Ontario, K2P 2L8. The parties irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Province of Ontario with respect to any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with the Terms of Service. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to these Terms of Service and is hereby expressly excluded. “Shopify Contracting Party” means Shopify Commerce Singapore Pte. Ltd, a corporation formed under the laws of Singapore, with offices located at 77 Robinson Road, #13-00 Robinson 77, Singapore 068896. The parties irrevocably agree that the courts of Singapore are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with the Terms of Service and that accordingly any proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Terms of Service will be brought in such courts. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to these Terms of Service and is hereby expressly excluded. You irrevocably and unconditionally agree to submit to the jurisdiction of Irish courts, which have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the validity, effect, interpretation or performance of these Terms of Service and you similarly irrevocably and unconditionally waive any objection to any claim that any suit, action or proceeding has been brought by Shopify in any other jurisdiction. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply to these Terms of Service and is hereby expressly excluded. We may terminate your account at any time. The term of these Terms of Service will begin on the date of your completed registration for use of a Service and continue until terminated by us or by you, as provided below (the “Term”). Without limiting any other remedies, we may suspend or terminate your Account or the Terms of Service for any reason, without notice and at any time (unless otherwise required by law), including if we suspect that you (by conviction, settlement, insurance or escrow investigation, or otherwise) have engaged in fraudulent activity in connection with the use of the Services. Termination of the Terms of Service will be without prejudice to any rights or obligations which arose prior to the date of termination. Upon termination of the Services by either party for any reason: Shopify will cease providing you with the Services and you will no longer be able to access your Account; unless otherwise provided in the Terms of Service, you will not be entitled to any refunds of any Fees, pro rata or otherwise; any outstanding balance owed to Shopify for your use of the Services through the effective date of such termination will immediately become due and payable in full; and your Shopify Store will be taken offline. If you purchased a domain name through Shopify, upon cancellation your domain will no longer be automatically renewed. Following termination, it will be your sole responsibility to handle all matters related to your domain with the domain provider. If there are any outstanding Fees owed by you at the date of termination of the Service, you will receive one final invoice via email. Once that invoice has been paid in full, you will not be charged again. If we make a material change to the Terms of Service that adversely affects your rights under the Terms of Service or your use of our Services in a material way, we will notify you in advance (unless the change relates to legal requirements or to prevent abuse of our Services, among other things). We reserve the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to update or change any portion of the Terms of Service at any time. We will provide you with reasonable advance notice of changes to the Terms of Service that materially adversely affect your use of the Services or your rights under the Terms of Service by sending an email to the Primary Email Address, providing notice through the Shopify administrative console, or by similar means. However, Shopify may make changes that materially adversely affect your use of the Services or your rights under the Terms of Service at any time and with immediate effect (i) for legal, regulatory, fraud and abuse prevention, or security reasons; or (ii) to restrict products or activities that we deem unsafe, inappropriate, or offensive. Unless we indicate otherwise in our notice (if applicable), any changes to the Terms of Service will be effective immediately upon posting of such updated terms at this location. Your continued access to or use of the Services after we provide such notice, if applicable, or after we post such updated terms, constitutes your acceptance of the changes and consent to be bound by the Terms of Service as amended. If you do not agree to the amended Terms of Service, you must stop accessing and using the Services. Shopify may change the Fees for the Services from time-to-time. We will provide you with 30 days advanced notice prior to any changes in Fees by sending an email to the Primary Email Account, providing notice through the Shopify administrative console, or by similar means. Shopify will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Services (or any part thereof). The Terms of Service, including the documents it incorporates by reference, constitute the entire agreement between you and Shopify and govern your use of the Services and your Account, superseding any prior agreements between you and Shopify (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Service). The failure of Shopify to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Service will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the Terms of Service, including all terms and conditions and other documents it incorporates by reference, is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, such provision will be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent allowed by law, and the remaining provision of the Terms of Service will remain in full force and effect. Save for Shopify and its affiliates, you or anyone accessing Shopify Services pursuant to these Terms of Service, unless otherwise provided in these Terms of Service, no person or entity who is not a party to these Terms of Service will have any right to enforce any term of these Terms of Service, regardless of whether such person or entity has been identified by name, as a member of a class or as answering a particular description. For the avoidance of doubt, this will not affect the rights of any permitted assignee or transferee of these Terms. The Terms of Service will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws. All the terms and provisions of the Terms of Service will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to the Terms of Service and to their respective heirs, successors, permitted assigns and legal representatives. Shopify will be permitted to assign these Terms of Service without notice to you or consent from you. You will have no right to assign or otherwise transfer the Terms of Service, or any of your rights or obligations hereunder, to any third party without Shopify’s prior written consent, to be given or withheld in Shopify’s sole discretion. If any provision, or portion of the provision, in these Terms of Service is, for any reason, held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, then such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision (or the unaffected portion of the provision) of the Terms of Service, and the Terms of Service will be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision, or portion of the provision, had never been contained within the Terms of Service. On termination, all related rights and obligations under the Terms of Service immediately terminate, except that (a) you will remain responsible for performing all of your obligations in connection with transactions entered into before termination and for any liabilities that accrued before or as a result of termination; and Sections 1 (Account Terms), 5 (Payment of Fees), 6 (Confidentiality), 7 (Limitation of Liability and Indemnification), 8.1 (Intellectual Property and Your Materials), 9.7(8)-(10) (Third Party Services, Experts, and Experts Marketplace), 10 (Feedback and Reviews), 12 (Privacy and Data Protection), 13 (Shopify Contracting Party), 14 (Cancellation and Termination), 15(1) (Modifications), and 16 (General Conditions) will survive the termination or expiration of these Terms of Service. Shopify Inc. 151 O’Connor Street, Ground floor Ottawa, ON K2P 2L8 Canada Opens an external site in a new window Shopify Logo USA Country/region Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram TikTok LinkedIn Pinterest null