 Blog Stories about our journey to build an open-source tool to protect your privacy, what we've learnt and tips to take control of your privacy. Blog Stories about our journey to build an open-source tool to protect your privacy, what we've learnt and tips to take control of your privacy. Documentation How to get the most from SimpleLogin. Documentation How to get the most from SimpleLogin. GitHub Repo Read, review our code. Make sure that SimpleLogin is doing what it says. GitHub Repo Read, review our code. Make sure that SimpleLogin is doing what it says. Forum Discuss about new features, ask questions, share best practices, etc. Forum Discuss about new features, ask questions, share best practices, etc. Privacy Policy Last updated: 2022-04-22 The privacy of your data — and it is your data, not ours! — is a big deal to us. In this policy, we lay out: what data we collect and why; how your data is handled; and your rights to your data. The Company is registered in France under the SIREN number 884302134. By visiting our website and using the Service provided here, you agree to the terms outlined in this privacy policy. In order to create an account, we require your email address. We also give you the option to add a name and profile picture that displays in our products, but we do not normally look at or access these information. We’ll never sell your personal info to third parties, and we won’t use your name in marketing statements without your permission either. When you pay for a SimpleLogin product, we ask for your credit card or PayPal and billing address. That’s so we can charge you for service, calculate taxes due, and send you invoices. Your credit card is passed directly to our payment processor and doesn’t ever go through our servers. When you write to us with a question or to ask for help, we keep that correspondence, including the email address, so that we have a history of past correspondences to reference if you reach out in the future. Our default practice is to not access your information. The only times we’ll ever access or share your info are: To help you troubleshoot or squash a software bug, with your permission. If at any point we need to access your account to help you with a Support case, we will ask for your consent before proceeding. To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding restricted uses. Accessing a customer’s account when investigating potential abuse is a measure of last resort. We have an obligation to protect the privacy and safety of both our customers and the people reporting issues to us. We do our best to balance those responsibilities throughout the process. If we do discover you are using our products for a restricted purpose, we will report the incident to the appropriate authorities. When required under applicable law. If the appropriate law enforcement authorities have the necessary warrant, criminal subpoena, or court order requiring we share data, we have to comply. And unless we’re legally prevented from it, we’ll always inform you when such requests are made. We have never received a such request from the government. In SimpleLogin, you have the option to delete your account. Your account along with all your information are deleted immediately in the running database. All your information will be purged from our system in maximum 30 days, including: Your emails: SimpleLogin does not store your emails. An email is deleted from SimpleLogin server as soon as it reaches its destination, i.e. your mailboxes for an email sent to your alias or your contact mailbox in case an email is sent from your alias. Emails that cannot be delivered are kept for 7 days so you can view and decide what to do with them. IP Logging: By default, SimpleLogin does not keep permanent IP logs. IP addresses can appear in Postfix (our MTA) and Nginx (our webserver) logs. Logs older than 7 days are deleted. However your IP address may be retained permanently if you are engaged in activities that breach our terms and conditions (spamming, DDoS attacks, brute force attacks, etc). The legal basis of this processing is our legitimate interest to protect our service against nefarious activities Native Applications: When you use our native applications such as iOS and Android apps, we (or the mobile app platform providers) may collect certain information in addition to the information mentioned elsewhere in this Policy. We may use mobile analytics software to send crash information to our developers so that we can fix bugs rapidly. Some platforms (such as the Google Play Store or the Apple App Store) may also collect aggregate, anonymous statistics governed by the privacy policy and terms and conditions of the Google Play Store or the Apple App Store. None of the software on our apps will ever access or track any location-based information from your device at any time. Any personal data acquired during this process is anonymized. Account activity: Due to limitations of the SMTP protocol, we have access to the following email metadata: sender and recipient email addresses, the IP address incoming messages originated from, message subject, and message sent and received times. We do NOT have access to encrypted message content but unencrypted messages sent from external providers to SimpleLogin are scanned for Spam and Viruses to pursue the legitimate interest of the protection of our users. We also have access to the following records of account activity: number of messages sent, amount of storage space used, total number of messages, last login time. At SimpleLogin, we apply the same data rights to all customers, regardless of their location. Currently some of the most privacy-forward regulations in place are the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) in the US. SimpleLogin recognizes all of the rights granted in these regulations, except as limited by applicable law. These rights include: email alias