Header Footer  DAVx⁵ – CalDAV / CardDAV / WebDAV for Android Privacy policy App privacy policy Note: Customers from China can find a Chinese version . / When you enter your login data (DAV server URL, user name, password) in DAVx⁵, these data will only be used for transferring them to the server you specified (including redirect locations given by this server, if applicable). User name and password are stored using Android's and not by DAVx⁵ itself. Client certificates are taken from and are not readable by DAVx⁵ itself. To protect your login data, consider to encrypt your device. (which will probably contain personal data) are stored by the respective Android content providers and not by DAVx⁵ itself. . Keep in mind that other apps on your Android device (including contact and calendar apps and Android backup) may use and transfer the data according to their policies. Contacts, events and tasks DAVx⁵ only uses these data to synchronize them with the given CalDAV/CardDAV service Except from synchronizing address books, calendars and task lists with the given CalDAV/CardDAV service, DAVx⁵ doesn't collect, process or transmit any personal or statistical data like app or server usage. There is no tracking and there are no ads.¹ GDPR: We (bitfire) don't collect or process any personal data with DAVx⁵. No personal data are ever transferred to our servers. We only offer the software DAVx⁵, which you can use to manage your data yourself. ¹ App stores (like Google Play, Samsung Galaxy apps, ) and installed 3ʳᵈ-party apps () may track app installation and usage (including DAVx⁵). Web site privacy policy This Web site (DAVx⁵ Web site, ) doesn't collect or process personal data. *.davx5.com Visits are logged by the Web server. These logs are only used for maintenance purposes and to generate anonymous access statistics. These logs are not kept longer than one year. Support privacy policy Support requests which are sent over the or to our email addresses (@davx5.com) may be stored in our helpdesk system , which is located in Berlin, Germany and our processor as set out in the GDPR. Collected personal data: name, email address, date/time support request (text and possible attachments, may include personal data) These data will only be used to process the respective support request. You have the right to access your personal data, let your personal data be rectified or erased, restrict processing of your personal data, export your personal data and object to processing of your personal data. See also: Donations privacy policy Personal data related to donations (name, email, origin, IP address) are only used for payment processing and accounting purposes. These data are processed by donorbox.org, which is located in California (USA) – their applies. are legally required to be kept for at least 7 years. Responsible person Responsible for data processing: If you have questions, feel free to . Open Source DAVx⁵ is designed to be an open-source project () from the very first beginning. The , and you can . It is always possible to compile the app yourself and use it for free. However, it was and still is much work to create and maintain DAVx⁵, so we have decided to put it in commercial stores for a small fee. If you want to support this project, please or . davx5-ose on Github @davx5app (Mastodon) Email About Links Awards DAVx⁵ has won the in the Open Source category. © Website – thank you!