Close  Close Search Routing Number Copy Routing Number Top Asked Questions BECU Online Privacy Notice Last updated: August 18, 2023 We may use information we collect from you to provide you with financial services, to provide you with member service, to communicate with you about your account, to offer you products or services, and for other purposes. We may share certain information we collect from you (including personal information) with third parties acting on our behalf (including third party payment card processors), with other financial companies for joint marketing purposes, with credit bureaus, and with other third parties. We may share aggregated data (which excludes your personal information) with our business partners and other third parties. Boeing Employees' Credit Union ("BECU" or "we") is a not-for-profit credit union. We are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of our online visitors and members. We recognize that individuals need to understand how their privacy is protected, so we have established the following privacy notice ("Privacy Notice") for our users. This Privacy Notice explains what personal information BECU will collect about you from our BECU websites and BECU mobile applications, both as defined below (collectively, the "online services") as well as from third-party and offline sources. This Privacy Notice also explains how we use, protect, and disclose information to provide you with the online services and other financial services (collectively, the "financial services"). What does personal information mean? "Personal information" means personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, telephone number, and account numbers. It does not include aggregated data that does not reveal your identity or anything about you individually. Rather, aggregated data consists of information about a group that includes you. Remember, aggregated data is not considered personal information. What do BECU websites refer to? These are BECU's websites that link to this Privacy Notice, including but not limited to becu.org, becuhomeloans.org, ideaexchange.becu.org, and becubillpayment.org. What do BECU mobile applications (apps) include? These are BECU's mobile apps that are available for your mobile device (e.g., phone or tablet), including BECU's mobile app that allows members to manage their account. You can download our app for iOS, Android, and Windows devices. Why does BECU collect personal information? We collect personal information because this information makes it possible for us to provide you with the full benefits of our financial services. BECU collects certain information from you, your devices, the applications you use to access our financial services, and from third-party sources so that we can provide these services to you. 1. INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO BECU You may provide personal information directly to BECU both online and offline for different reasons. This information includes, but is not limited to, your name, address, email address, and phone number. You may also provide personal information to BECU online when you complete an online form on a BECU website, pay a bill online, or subscribe to eNewsletters or other electronic communications from BECU. Other ways you may provide personal information are when you provide feedback to us through the BECU websites, respond to surveys and questionnaires that we send you, provide information to BECU member service representatives online, or provide personal information to us through other online means. What's more, you may provide personal information offline to BECU when you complete membership or credit applications (e.g., to open a BECU account or apply for a loan), provide information to BECU member service representatives offline, deposit money, use your debit card, or provide personal information to us through other offline means. 2. INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED BY BECU In addition to the information you provide, when you use our online services, we may also automatically collect the following types of information from your devices and applications that you use. BECU Websites: If you use the BECU websites, we may collect certain information from your device or web browser, including but not limited to your browser type, your geographic location, the date and time of your visit, and the BECU website pages that you visit ("website data"). We may collect this information through the use of cookies, Adobe Flash objects, floodlight tags, pixel tags, web beacons, and log files. Website data alone (i.e., when it is not associated with other personal information) is not deemed to be personal information. BECU Mobile Applications: If you choose to use a BECU mobile app, we may collect certain information from the app and your mobile device ("mobile app data"), including but not limited to geographic location information, unique device identifier information, and website data (as defined above). If the BECU mobile app collects any sensitive information from your mobile device that is not identified here, then we will notify you before doing so. The BECU mobile app may use the camera on your device to facilitate mobile deposits, but BECU does not collect or use your personal images through the mobile app. 3. INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM THIRD PARTY SOURCES In addition to personal information that you provide to BECU, we may also collect information about you, including personal information, from third-party sources, including but not limited to credit reports from consumer reporting agencies and information from propensity information sellers ("third-party data"). This includes, but is not limited to instances in which you affirmatively authorize third parties to provide us with information. Third-party data includes both personal information and information that is not personally identifiable to you. 4. INFORMATION THAT YOU POST TO BECU MIX You may provide certain information to us if you use BECU MIX , BECU's online forum. For example, you may provide personal information when you create a BECU MIX account and when you post feedback in a forum, make suggestions, share ideas, and ask questions to BECU MIX ("forum postings"). 5. INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM ONLINE TOOLS We may feature certain tools through our online services, such as online calculators ("online tools"). These online tools do not require you to log in or enter your contact information to use the online tool. The information you provide when using these online tools is not associated with you or your account and, for purposes of this Privacy Notice, is not considered to be personal information. 1. COLLECTED INFORMATION BECU may use your personal information, third-party data, mobile app data, website data, and forum postings to: Provide you with services or other products, financial services, and information that you have requested or in connection with our financial services; Maintain your account; Allow you to apply for products or services and process your applications and transactions; Manage our business, including performing accounting, auditing, and other internal functions; Verify your identity and authenticate you (such as when you request access to your account information); Communicate with you about your account, in response to your requests, to notify you about important information regarding financial services, and to provide you with other administrative information; Communicate with you about special offers, ads, events, or new products or services that may be of interest to you; Evaluate and improve our websites and other offerings; Provide you with member service; Personalize and tailor our services and otherwise enhance the member experience; Conduct research and perform analysis in order to measure, maintain, protect, develop, and improve our products and services; Use in the case of risk control, fraud detection, and prevention; Comply with laws and regulations, contractual obligations, and our own internal policies; and Use for other purposes as permitted by applicable law. BECU may share or disclose collected information (including personal information) in the following situations: With third parties acting on our behalf, such as third party payment card processors, call-center operators, shippers, servicers, marketing providers, people who analyze data for us, and other service providers; With other financial companies for joint marketing purposes (e.g., to bring you co-branded services or products); If BECU is involved in any merger, acquisition, sale of company assets, transition of service to another provider, or insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, BECU reserves the right to transfer your collected information (including personal information) in connection with such transaction; If we believe such disclosure is necessary to identify, contract, or bring legal action regarding injury or interference with the rights and property of BECU, including to enforce our rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to our information technology assets or against other inappropriate use of our financial services; To report to credit bureaus; To comply with laws, regulations, court orders, and subpoenas or similar requests for information by authorities, or as otherwise required by law; To respond to an emergency; To protect the rights, property, safety, and security of members and others; and To assist us in preventing or investigating fraud, security, technical issues, or to otherwise manage risks. BECU does not share your personal information with nonaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes. 2. AGGREGATED DATA BECU may aggregate collected information gathered from our various users (so that it no longer identifies you specifically) and share it with BECU's business partners and other third parties. BECU may also store such aggregated data for a reasonable period of time after you terminate your account(s) or stop using our financial services. The aggregated data may also be used by BECU or third parties for research purposes (including to help BECU improve its products). This, among other uses, allows companies to develop better products for BECU's users. 3. WEBSITE DATA In addition to the uses described above, BECU may use website data to improve our financial services, as well as help us understand how members are using our financial services. This information is also collected for statistical analysis, to determine what information is of most and least interest to our members, to improve the usefulness of the financial services, and finally, for other purposes described in this Privacy Notice. BECU may share website data with our business partners and other third parties (including for the reasons listed above). You may occasionally receive emails from BECU, including emails about products or services, marketing or promotions, research, and/or other topics. To contact you, BECU may use the information you provide to us, including email, direct (postal) mail, or phone. You may, at any time, inform us that you do not want BECU to contact you with marketing or promotional communications by sending your request via the Contact Us section below. Do you wish to opt out of BECU's promotional emails? Simply click on the email opt out link. After you opt out of marketing and promotional messages, you'll still receive other transactional messages, such as notifications and information relating to your account and services. If you also wish to opt out of these transactional email notifications, simply unsubscribe using the opt out link. Joint account holders: If either account holder opts out of email communications, the preference is applied to all email addresses on the account. BECU is committed to maintaining the security of the data you provide us. We use security controls that comply with applicable federal laws to protect against unauthorized access and use of your personal information that's in our custody or control. Safety measures may include computer safeguards, secured files, and buildings. To learn more about our security practices, visit www.becu.org/security-and-privacy. While we are focused on the security of your Personal Information, you must remember that the Internet is a global communications vehicle open to threats, viruses and intrusions from others. For this reason, BECU cannot promise, and you should not expect, that we will be able to protect your Personal Information at all times and in all circumstances. BECU cannot guarantee the security and privacy of transmissions via the Internet, and we will not be liable for any lack of security relating to the use of the Banking Services by you. You agree that you will not hold BECU liable for any damages resulting from any loss of privacy or security occurring in connection with any such communications. Are you a California resident? Under California law, you may have the right to request and receive certain information about our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and your choices with respect to such disclosures. However, because we will not share your personal information with our joint marketing partners without first giving you additional privacy choices, we are exempt from having to meet this requirement. 1. DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE Certain web browsers may provide a do-not-track ("DNT") option. You may be able to ask your browser to inform websites that you do not wish your activities to be tracked, either with cookies or other persistent identifiers, commonly called "DNT signals." Because there is not yet a common understanding of how to interpret web browser-based DNT signals other than cookies, our websites do not currently respond to DNT signals. 2. THIRD-PARTY ANALYTICS PROVIDERS We work with third-party analytics providers, including but not limited to Google Analytics and Google Adwords, to help us better understand how you use BECU websites. For example, we use Google Analytics to learn more about the types of users that visit the BECU websites and to help improve the BECU websites. Google Analytics provides us with certain data regarding the demographics of the users that visit the BECU websites. To provide this service, Google Analytics may collect certain information about you from your computer, including but not limited to: information regarding your visit (such as the pages you visit and the length of your visit) information about your device (such as your IP address) how you got to the website, and other information about you. 3. ADVERTISING Third parties may collect certain information on third-party websites where BECU advertises; however, we do not allow third parties to collect our users' personal information on our websites or through our online services. The BECU websites and BECU mobile app may contain links to websites owned by other companies. BECU is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of websites owned by other companies. We recommend that you carefully review the privacy notice for each of the websites you visit because BECU has no control over the privacy practices or content of these linked sites. BECU websites and the BECU mobile app are intended for use within the U.S. (unless otherwise specified). This includes any information you provide using either our websites or our mobile app. Accordingly, if you do not reside in the U.S. and are using BECU online services, any personal information you provide to us may be transferred to and processed on computers in the U.S. and other countries. The data protection and privacy laws of other countries, including the U.S., may not afford you the same level of protection as those in your own country. Do not provide your personal information to us if you do not want this information to be transferred outside of your country, or if the laws in your country restrict these types of transfers. We will handle the personal information you provide in accordance with this Privacy Notice. By doing business or interacting with BECU, using our financial services, or by otherwise providing us with your personal information, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice and consent to the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information to and within facilities located in the U.S. and other facility locations selected by BECU. Do you have questions about our Privacy Notice? We love chatting with our members! Ask us questions about this Privacy Notice if there's something you don't understand. Do you need to update your information? It's very important to keep your account information up to date. Some of your account information can be changed online, but you can also request changes in other ways. To update or change any of your information in person, visit one of our neighborhood financial center locations or contact us in one of the following ways: P.O. Box 97050 Seattle, Washington 98124 Each time you use our financial services, you are indicating you acknowledge and consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Notice. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Notice. If we do, we will note the date that any changes are made and/or when they become effective (which you can find at the top of this page). If the changes being made are material (that is, we make a major change in the important points of this Privacy Notice), we may notify you of the changes in a more prominent way, such as through an email. Your inaction or continued use of our financial services after the revised Privacy Notice is posted or after any such notices are sent will tell us that you agree to these changes. If you do not accept the terms outlined in this Privacy Notice or the revised Privacy Notice, please do not provide us with personal information or use our financial services. Follow BECU © 2023 BECU. All Rights Reserved. Boeing Employees' Credit Union NMLS ID 490518 Federally Insured by NCUA. Equal Housing Opportunity Lender