You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. Their acceptance service is only available for commercial use. This service is only available to users over the age of majority. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. You must provide your real name, as trust and transparency between users regarding their identities is relevant to the service.. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. you cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties unless by operation of law or permitted by This service. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. Your account can be suspended for several reasons. The service suspends your account after inactivity for more than 12 months. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk except as set forth in the terms. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Some personal data may be kept for business interests or legal obligations. Your personal data may be disclosed to comply with government requests without notice to you. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. You waive your right to a class action.. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. You should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify. The court of law governing the terms is in Georgia, U.S.A.. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. This service offers anonymous payment methods via blockchain/cryptocurrency. You have the right to leave this service at any time. You agree to indemnify and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Information is provided about security practices