English Português Español Deutsch Dutch Italiano  Log In K-12 Column The hub of your digital classroom that serves as the foundation for teaching and learning. The assessment tools and quality content educators need to accelerate learning forward. Powerful analytical tools that provide actionable insights for making impactful decisions. The data-driven support and communication solution that improves edtech adoption. Improves student outcomes by building an equitable and effective edtech ecosystem based on evidence. Solutions by Need Solutions by Role Higher Education Modern tools that elevate the higher ed experience whether virtual, hybrid, or in-person. Data-driven support and communication solution to maximize the use of campus technology. We offer rollout plans, product training, content development, and more. Resources Centers Articles, videos, stories, and news about our products, edtech, and education. Share ideas, ask and answer questions, access guides, and connect with peers. Modify and use online courses from educators and institutions worldwide. See how we integrate with your SIS, custom apps, and hundreds of external edu apps. By Type Global Research Report 2023 State of Student Success and Engagement in Higher Education News & Events Events News July 9 - 11th, 2024 InstructureCon 24' Registration is Open About Us The Company We Value The EdTech Collective 0 Menu ETHICAL, TRANSPARENT, SECURE Our Commitment to Privacy ETHICAL, TRANSPARENT, SECURE Our Commitment to Privacy to Privacy At Instructure, we're committed to protecting the information we receive by ensuring it's used only to support students, institutions, and education. We're guided by five key principles: transparency, accountability, integrity, security, and confidentiality. A CLOSER LOOK How We Uphold Our Promise Students & Parents Get answers to common questions about our privacy practices within Canvas. Learn More Student Privacy Pledge As part of our commitment to protecting the privacy of students, educators, and institutions, we've signed the Student Privacy Pledge. Institutions & Educators Get answers to all your data use, access, and privacy practice questions. Canvas LMS Security Canvas has open security. (And not just the LMS, but the entire Canvas platform.) Open security isn't an oxymoron—it's oxygenius! Find out why. Interested in learning more about privacy? Here's a full list of global resources. TrustEd Apps & Data Privacy Certification The IMS TrustEd Apps Seal certifies that Instructure has been vetted by and satisfactorily completes the vetting process and rubric in regards to its use of student data. Instructure Product Privacy Policy We remain committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe our practices regarding the information processed by our products and any other Instructure products. Marketing Privacy Policy We promote privacy standards not just for users of our products, but for visitors to our website–you’re one of them! See the privacy policy that applies to our website(s). Instructure COPPA Privacy Policy We value the privacy of children. Read our COPPA Privacy Policy as it serves as our online notice under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). As a privacy advocate, it is my mission to help Instructure hold itself to the highest legal and ethical privacy standards. This mission is paramount in education. At Instructure, we are privileged to provide our services to students and educators worldwide. It is our duty to treat the information entrusted to us as stewards. Daisy Bennett Associate General Counsel & Data Protection Officer, Instructure 0 As a privacy advocate, it is my mission to help Instructure hold itself to the highest legal and ethical privacy standards. This mission is paramount in education. At Instructure, we are privileged to provide our services to students and educators worldwide. It is our duty to treat the information entrusted to us as stewards. Daisy Bennett Associate General Counsel & Data Protection Officer, Instructure As a privacy advocate, it is my mission to help Instructure hold itself to the highest legal and ethical privacy standards. This mission is paramount in education. At Instructure, we are privileged to provide our services to students and educators worldwide. It is our duty to treat the information entrusted to us as stewards. Daisy Bennett Associate General Counsel & Data Protection Officer, Instructure Additional Insights Blog Articles Data Privacy: Our Current and Future Commitment Our Foundation of Privacy Our 5 Guiding Privacy Principles Global HQ 6330 South 3000 East Suite 700 Salt Lake City, UT 84121 USA Instructure Learning Platform Customers Copyright © 2008-2023 Instructure, Inc. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners.