The service can delete specific content without prior notice and without a reason. You maintain ownership of your content. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. You must provide your identifiable information. They may stop providing the service at any time. The service has a no refund policy. Your use may be throttled. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service. This service is only available to users over a certain age (13). This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable. A license is kept on user-generated content even after you close your account. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. Usernames can be rejected or changed for any reason. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. This service cannot be held responsible for disputes that you may have with other users. You are forced into binding arbitration in case of disputes. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. The court of law governing the terms is in California, USA and Pennsylvania, USA. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. You can delete your content from this service. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. The service can intervene in user disputes. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. If you are the target of a copyright holder's take down notice, this service gives you the opportunity to defend yourself. Instructions are provided on how to submit a copyright claim. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user 