Toggle navigation One stop shop for Train Simulator downloadable content, routes, scenarios, reskins, patches mods and user generated free, subscription and payware Train Sim addons. Search for: Policy key definitions: Key principles of GDPR: Our privacy policy embodies the following key priciples; (a) Lawfullness, fairness and transpatrency, (b) Purpose limitation, (c) Data minimisation, (d) Accurancy, (e) Storage limitation, (f) Integrity and confidence, (g) Accountability. Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) we control and / or process any personal information about you electronically using the following lawful bases. If, as determined by us, the lawful basis upon which we process your personal information changes, we will notify you about the change and any new lawful basis to be used if required. We shall stop processing your personal information if the lawful basis used is no longer relevant. We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR. We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display, to keep you logged into the website where applicable, to display relevant adverts or content, referred you to a third party website. Some cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website. We use a cookie control system which allows you to accept the use of cookies, and control which cookies are saved to your device / computer. Some cookies will be saved for specific time periods, where others may last indefinitely. Your web browser should provide you with the controls to manage and delete cookies from your device, please see your web browser options. We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement. We have provided some further explanations about user privacy and the way we use this website to help promote a transparent and honest user privacy methodology. Our website may contain adverts, sponsored and affiliate links on some pages. These are typically served through our advertising partners; Google Adsense, eBay Partner Network, Amazon Affiliates, or are self served through our own means. We only use trusted advertising partners who each have high standards of user privacy and security. However we do not control the actual adverts seen / displayed by our advertising partners. Our ad partners may collect data and use cookies for ad personalisation and measurement. Where ad preferences are requested as ‘non-personalised’ cookies may still be used for frequency capping, aggregated ad reporting and to combat fraud and abuse. Clickable sponsored or affiliate links may be displayed as a website URL like this; www.example.co.uk/blog/welcome.php or as a titled text link like this: Example. Clicking on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links may track your actions by using a cookie saved to your device. You can read more about cookies on this website above. Your actions are usually recorded as a referral from our website by this cookie. In most cases we earn a very small commission from the advertiser or advertising partner, at no cost to you, whether you make a purchase on their website or not. We use advertising partners in these ways to help generate an income from the website, which allows us to continue our work and provide you with the best overall experience and valued information. If you have any concerns about this we suggest you do not click on any adverts, sponsored or affiliate links found throughout the website. Under the GDPR we use the consent lawful basis for anyone subscribing to our newsletter or marketing mailing list. We only collect certain data about you, as detailed in the “Processing of your personal date” above. Any email marketing messages we send are done so through an EMS, email marketing service provider. An EMS is a third party service provider of software / applications that allows marketers to send out email marketing campaigns to a list of users. Email marketing messages that we send may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of data such as; times, dates, I.P addresses, opens, clicks, forwards, geographic and demographic data. Such data, within its limitations will show the activity each subscriber made for that email campaign.  Number of items in basket: 0 0 Your basket is empty. £0.00 Product categories Select a category ATS Launcher – Routes ATS Launcher – Scenarios ATS Launcher – Rolling Merchandise Mugs Train Simulator Rolling Stock Diesel Locomotive Diesel Multiple Unit (DMU) Electric Locomotive Electric Multiple Unit (EMU) On Track Plant Steam Wagon Routes Scenarios Scenery Product categories Alan thomson simulation on youtube ALAN THOMSON SIMULATION ON TWITCH Train Simulator News Index Latest News 26th December 2021 Off By Alan Thomsom Sim presents the latest addition to the West Coast Mainline Midlands & Northwest: Phase 4 - Stoke Loop This brand new route extends the existing network adding the historic Potteries area to Train Simulator 2022. The route features... 16th November 2020 Dovetail has released a second major patch for the WCML South. DTG seems to be committed to the continued update... 1st July 2020 Courtesy of MKS, we are proud to host their Class 460 'Airlines' reskin pack. This pack contains three reskins :... Product Updates 16th April 2023 You can view product changelogs here 26th October 2022 v1.02 - Miscellaneous bug fixes. - Compatibility updates. v1.01 -... Sheffield - Derby Changelog Latest Update: 20/10/2022 The below log... Just trains available here Random Download Top 10 Most Popular Most Recent Additions (c) Alan Thomson Simulation Ltd 2022 Copyright 2022 Alanthomsonsim.com – all rights reserved. Alan Thomson Simulation limited – Registered in England & Wales 11784130 All prices displayed are inclusive of UK VAT @ 20% : UK VAT Number – 365 5500 95 (c) Alan Thomson Simulation Ltd 2022 Copyright 2022 Alanthomsonsim.com – all rights reserved. Alan Thomson Simulation limited – Registered in England & Wales 11784130 All prices displayed are inclusive of UK VAT @ 20% : UK VAT Number – 365 5500 95 Copyright 2022 Alanthomsonsim.com – all rights reserved. Alan Thomson Simulation limited – Registered in England & Wales 11784130 All prices displayed are inclusive of UK VAT @ 20% : UK VAT Number – 365 5500 95 Useful Links All product names, trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners. All company, product and service names used in this website are for identification purposes only. Use of these names,trademarks and brands does not imply endorsement. | Privacy & Cookies Policy Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. Non-necessary Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. Non-necessary Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. SAVE & ACCEPT Insert/edit link Close Enter the destination URL URL Link Text Open link in a new tab Or link to existing content Search No search term specified. Showing recent items. Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item. Cancel Enter the destination URL URL Link Text Open link in a new tab Or link to existing content Search No search term specified. Showing recent items. Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item. Enter the destination URL URL Link Text Open link in a new tab Enter the destination URL URL Link Text Open link in a new tab Or link to existing content Search No search term specified. Showing recent items. Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item. Search No search term specified. Showing recent items. Search or use up and down arrow keys to select an item. Cancel