Blocking first party cookies may limit your ability to use the service. This service may collect, use, and share location data. This service tracks which web page referred you to it. Tracking via third-party cookies for other purposes without your consent.. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location. This service gathers information about you through third parties. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes. This service requires first-party cookies. Users can request access and deletion of personal info.. Your biometric data is collected. Many third parties are involved in operating the service. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users.. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data. The service will only respond to government requests that are reasonable. The service provides information about how they collect personal data. This service allows you to retrieve an archive of your data. This service can share your personal information to third parties . This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header.. App required for this service requires broad device permissions. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect. This service uses third-party cookies for statistics. The service may collect extra data about you through promotions. The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data. The service provides a free help desk. The service uses social media cookies/pixels. You can opt out of promotional communications. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations. You can opt out of targeted advertising. The service uses your personal data for advertising. This service tracks you on social media and public databases.. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world. Your IP address is collected, which can be used to view your approximate location. You are tracked via web beacons, tracking pixels, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting. This service uses your personal information for many different purposes. Promises will be kept after a merger or acquisition. This service reserve the right to disclose personal info, no notification.. The service collects many different types of personal data. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication. You can limit how your information is used by third-parties and the service