Share  Schoology Developers /#sidebar-first /.block Main menu /#main Terms of Use (US) United States Application Developer Terms of Use Effective: 4/15/2022 APPLICATION DEVELOPER AGREEMENT This Application Developer Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into between PowerSchool Group LLC. (“PowerSchool”), and the developer requesting or being granted a Developer Account (“Developer”) on PowerSchool’s Schoology website. By submitting your application or by accessing the developer area on Schoology’s website, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. Background PowerSchool provides access to a special functionality and features (the “Schoology SDK”) designed to assist third parties in developing software applications for the learning management system operated by PowerSchool or its providers (“Schoology Service”). The Schoology SDK and the Schoology Service are more particularly described on the PowerSchool website located at (the “Schoology Website”). NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound hereby, PowerSchool and Developer agree as follows: 1. Schoology SDK and Schoology Service. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, during the term of this Agreement, PowerSchool hereby grants to Developer a non-exclusive, limited, worldwide, royalty-free, revocable, non-transferable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable license to use the Schoology SDK solely to develop software applications (“Apps”) that are then compatible with the Schoology Service. 1.1. License Grant. 1.1.1 License Restrictions. You may not use this SDK to develop applications for other platforms (or to develop another SDK). You are of course free to develop applications for other platforms, provided that this SDK is not used for that purpose. 1.1.2 You agree that PowerSchool owns all legal right, title and interest in and to the SDK, including any Intellectual Property Rights that subsist in the SDK. “Intellectual Property Rights” means any and all rights under patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, and any and all other proprietary rights. PowerSchool reserves all rights not expressly granted to you. 1.1.3 You may not use the SDK for any purpose not expressly permitted by the Agreement. Except to the extent required by applicable third party licenses, you may not copy (except for backup purposes), modify, adapt, redistribute, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, or create derivative works of the SDK or any part of the SDK. 1.1.4 You agree that the form and nature of the SDK that PowerSchool provides may change without prior notice to you and that future versions of the SDK may be incompatible with applications developed on previous versions of the SDK. You agree that PowerSchool may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the SDK (or any features within the SDK) to you or to users generally at PowerSchool’s sole discretion, without prior notice to you. 1.1.5 Nothing in the License Agreement gives you a right to use any of PowerSchool’s trade names, trademarks, service marks, logos, domain names, or other distinctive brand features. 1.1.6 You agree that you will not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices (including copyright and trademark notices) that may be affixed to or contained within the SDK. PowerSchool agrees to provide Developer with access to the Schoology SDK and the Schoology Service during the term of this Agreement solely for the purposes of developing Apps. PowerSchool reserves the right to modify the Schoology SDK and the Schoology Service at any time. PowerSchool will endeavor to provide Developer with written notice of any modifications to the Schoology Service on the Schoology Website. 1.2. Access. Developer shall immediately inform PowerSchool in the event of: (i) any changes made to any Apps under development or to any App’s concept that would implicate the Schoology SDK or the Schoology Service, (ii) the appearance of unauthorized access, if any, to the Schoology SDK or the Schoology Service, and (iii) any plans for publishing of any upgrades or sequels of any Apps. 1.3. Changes to Apps. 2. Term and Termination The term of this Agreement shall begin when you accept its terms and conditions on the Schoology Website and shall continue until termination of this Agreement. Either party may terminate this Agreement for any reason by giving three (3) days prior written notice to the other party. Either party may terminate this Agreement, without notice, (i) upon the institution by or against the other party of insolvency, receivership or bankruptcy proceedings, (ii) upon the other party’s making an assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (iii) upon the other party’s dissolution or ceasing to do business. All license rights to the Schoology SDK and Developer’s access to the Schoology Service granted in this Agreement shall immediately terminate upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Sections 3, 4, 5 and 6 shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason. 3. Intellectual Property Rights and Confidentiality. Developer hereby recognizes that PowerSchool retains all Intellectual Property Rights in the Schoology SDK and the Schoology Service. The provisions of this Agreement shall have no effect on the ownership of the App with which the Schoology SDK and Schoology Service will be used. 3.1. Intellectual Property Rights. All data submitted by end users of the App required by PowerSchool in the framework of the Schoology Service shall be solely owned by PowerSchool, the end user, or PowerSchool’s customer to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. PowerSchool or Developer shall not resale any such end user data to any third party except in connection with a sale of its assets, merger, acquisition, or similar transaction. If required by applicable law, Developer represents and warrants that it is authorized to communicate such end user data according to applicable law. From time to time during the Term of this Agreement, PowerSchool will provide agreed upon reports of aggregated end user data. 3.2. End User Data. 3.2.1 Developer shall not process or store data submitted by end users or accessed through the Schoology product outside of the United States without express written permission from PowerSchool. PowerSchool and Developer agree not to disclose, or permit any third party or entity access to, the Confidential Information received from the other party. “Confidential Information” means confidential or other proprietary information that is disclosed by one party to the other party under the terms of this Agreement, including, without limitation, software, specifications, documentation, and other confidential business information, including the Schoology SDK or the Schoology Service. Confidential Information shall not include information which: (i) is or becomes public knowledge without any action by, or involvement of, the recipient of the information; or (ii) is publicly disclosed by the recipient with the prior written approval of the disclosing party. 3.3. Confidentiality. Except through specific marketing campaign programs offered by PowerSchool, which PowerSchool may offer in its sole discretion, Developer shall not market, advertise, promote, or otherwise solicit business for, any Developer’s App. For the avoidance of doubt, Developer may not, without PowerSchool’s prior written approval: (a) make or respond to any posts or threads on the public groups or forums located on PowerSchool websites, or (b) contact, directly or indirectly, through PowerSchool websites or otherwise, any user of the Schoology Service with the intent to market, advertise, promote, or otherwise solicit business for, any Developer’s App. 3.4. No Advertising. PowerSchool and Developer may include the other party in a list of Developers or suppliers that PowerSchool or Developer make available to third parties. Developer hereby grants to PowerSchool a non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferable, sublicensable license to use information such as Developer logos, screenshots, feature lists and other information related to the Developer’s Apps solely for the purposes of marketing and promoting the Apps and or the Schoology Service to third parties. After three months of use, Developer agrees to accept a reasonable number of reference phone calls from potential PowerSchool Developers for purposes of discussing the Schoology SDK or the Schoology Service. 3.5. Publicity. 4. Warranty Disclaimer. POWERSCHOOL MAKES NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 5. Limitation of Liability. POWERSCHOOL’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE LIMITED TO $500. IN NO EVENT SHALL POWERSCHOOL BE LIABLE FOR LOST DATA, SYSTEM DOWNTIME, LOSS OF PROFITS OR ANY OTHER ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND WHETHER OR NOT POWERSCHOOL HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 6. Miscellaneous. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California. The parties agree that the state and federal courts sitting in San Francisco, California shall have exclusive jurisdiction and venue regarding any matter arising from this Agreement. This Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding of the parties relating to the subject matter. No amendment to, or any waiver of any rights under, this Agreement shall be effective unless signed in writing by the party to be charged. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effective when delivered by hand or by facsimile transmission or email. Except for obligations to make payments, nonperformance of either party shall be excused to the extent the performance is rendered impossible by strike, fire, governmental acts, or any other reason beyond the control of the non-performing party. Developer shall not assign this Agreement (in whole or part) without PowerSchool’s prior written consent. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their permitted successors and assigns. Supplementary Navigation Footer Links · Schoology © 2024