English Português Español Deutsch Dutch Italiano  Log In K-12 Column The hub of your digital classroom that serves as the foundation for teaching and learning. The assessment tools and quality content educators need to accelerate learning forward. Powerful analytical tools that provide actionable insights for making impactful decisions. The data-driven support and communication solution that improves edtech adoption. Improves student outcomes by building an equitable and effective edtech ecosystem based on evidence. Solutions by Need Solutions by Role Higher Education Modern tools that elevate the higher ed experience whether virtual, hybrid, or in-person. Data-driven support and communication solution to maximize the use of campus technology. We offer rollout plans, product training, content development, and more. Resources Centers Articles, videos, stories, and news about our products, edtech, and education. Share ideas, ask and answer questions, access guides, and connect with peers. Modify and use online courses from educators and institutions worldwide. See how we integrate with your SIS, custom apps, and hundreds of external edu apps. By Type Global Research Report 2023 State of Student Success and Engagement in Higher Education News & Events Events News July 9 - 11th, 2024 InstructureCon 24' Registration is Open About Us The Company We Value The EdTech Collective 0 Menu Marketing Privacy | Policy Languages: Learn about Instructure's Marketing Privacy Policy. Explore how we protect your privacy and data while enhancing your online experience. Last Updated: September 10, 2022 DATA YOU PROVIDE TO US. When using our Site, you may voluntarily provide personal data about yourself, such as first and last name, e-mail addresses, phone number, professional title, company name, educational institution or organization name, and any other information you choose to provide. For example, we collect this information when you provide it to our Site, contact an Instructure employee, or otherwise provide personal data to Instructure, such as via email. When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional personal data, such as your interest in specific Instructure services. DATA COLLECTED VIA TECHNOLOGY. To make our Site more useful to you, we automatically collect information relating to your interactions with us and our Site, including browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, domain name, geolocation, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. We also use cookies and other similar technologies as well as URLs to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. COOKIES are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing a website. Our Site uses the following types of cookies: ANALYTICS. We use third-party analytics services to collect and analyze data about how users use the Site. These services use cookies, scripts, and other technologies to collect and store information such as how users interact with our Site, how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site. If you want to limit the use of cookies, your browser may offer tools to do so. By disabling cookies, you may be prevented from accessing some features of our Site or certain content or functionality may not be available. USE OF YOUR DATA. Instructure uses your personal data for any lawful purpose, including, but not limited to, the following purposes: to respond to your requests; to operate, maintain, and improve our Site, including for analytics purposes; to personalize and improve your experience; to send you administrative e-mails; to respond to your comments or inquiries; to send you surveys, promotional communications about our products and services or the products and services of third parties (“Partners”); to comply with the law and to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity; to make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback with your permission; or with your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time information is collected. We do not use automatic decision-making or engage in profiling. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR DATA. We will share your personal data with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, including the following: OTHER DISCLOSURES. Instructure may disclose information about you if it believes such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process; (b) protect or defend the rights, safety, or property of Instructure, users of the services, or any person including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use; or (c) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of any person. We may share information with your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of data collection or sharing. We may also share de-identified and/or aggregated data without limitation. NOTICE TO INTERNATIONAL VISITORS. This section applies to visitors that access the Site from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, or the United Kingdom. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING. We may only process personal data about you where the laws of your jurisdiction permit it. This is called a “legal basis.” We may rely on the following legal bases to process personal data about you: RIGHTS. You have the right to request access to the personal data we hold about you. You have the right to request that we rectify or erase your personal data. You also have the right to request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data. Under certain circumstances, you have the right to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; and where we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data. RETENTION. We will process and store your personal data only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of the storage, or as permitted by law. The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period or for certain marketing data for our services or other products. After expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of a contract or the initiation of a contract. TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL DATA. Please be aware that the personal data we collect may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, country, or other jurisdiction, where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your location, including the United States. When transferring personal data to countries outside the EEA or the UK, we are required to ensure your personal data is adequately protected in the country where it is transferred. We transfer personal data to these countries only when it is subject to safeguards that assure the protection of personal data, such as entering contracts with transferee companies called the “standard contractual clauses” and the “UK addendum,” which require companies outside the EEA or UK to protect your personal data to the same extent as if it had remained in the EEA or UK. SOCIAL NETWORKING PLATFORMS. We may allow you to connect and share information with certain social networking platforms (“Social Networking Platforms”) (e.g., a Facebook application). By choosing to use these Social Networking Platforms, you allow Instructure to share information with the Social Networking Platform. For example, you might use an application to publish Instructure related notices on your Facebook wall. If you do not want us to continue to provide your information to the Social Networking Platform, you may change your privacy settings in the Social Networking Platform. We do not control the privacy practices of the Social Networking Platforms and sign-in services you choose to use, and this Privacy Policy does not cover their practices, you should visit the privacy policies of any Social Networking Platform or sign-in service you choose to use to understand their practices. YOUR CHOICES REGARDING PERSONAL DATA. We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal data. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in e-mails you receive from us or by contacting us directly at the contact information below. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can typically remove and reject cookies from our Site with your browser settings. If you remove or reject our cookies, it will affect how our Site and services work for you. We may partner with ad networks and other ad serving providers (“Advertising Providers”) that serve ads on behalf of us and others on non-affiliated platforms. Some of those ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on information Advertising Providers collect about your use of the Site and other sites over time, including information about relationships among different browsers and devices. This type of advertising is known as interest-based advertising. CHANGES TO YOUR PERSONAL DATA. You may change some of your personal data in your account by choosing your communication settings in the Instructure Preference Center which is located at https://www.instructure.com/preference-center. You may also request changes or deletions by e-mailing us at the e-mail address set forth below. We will respond to your request, when permitted by law, within 30 days. We may be unable to delete personal data that resides in our archives. Instructure, Inc. 6330 S 3000 E, STE 700 Salt Lake City, UT 84121 United States of America Phone: +1 (800) 203.6755 Instructure Global Ltd New Penderel House, 4th Floor 283-288 High Holborn London WC1V 7HP Phone: 0800 358 4330 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. Instructure may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date above. We encourage you to visit this page from time to time for the latest on our privacy practices. Global HQ 6330 South 3000 East Suite 700 Salt Lake City, UT 84121 USA Instructure Learning Platform Customers Copyright © 2008-2023 Instructure, Inc. All rights reserved. Various trademarks held by their respective owners.