Winter Sale is Live! Toggle navigation Effective Date: Dec 5, 2023 Enpass Technologies Inc. 1201 North Market Street, Suite 111, Wilmington Delaware 19801 Email: support@enpass.io Our privacy notice tells you what personal data and nonpersonal data we may collect from you, how we collect them, how we protect them, how we disclose them, how you can access and change them, and how you can limit our disclosing of them. Our privacy notice also explains certain legal rights that you have with respect to your personal data. ‘NONPERSONAL DATA’ (NPD) means any information that is in no way personally identifiable. ‘PERSONAL DATA’ (PD) means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person can be identified directly or indirectly by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier, or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that natural person. PD is in many ways the same as Personally Identifiable Information (PII). However, PD is broader in scope and covers more data. Even though the definition of personal data is broad, we only collect your first name, last name and email address. All your secured data like logins, credit cards or any kind of data that you store in our Platform is stored locally and is never sent to our servers encrypted or unencrypted. Even though the definition of personal data is broad, we only collect your first name, last name and email address. All your secured data like logins, credit cards or any kind of data that you store in our Platform is stored locally and is never sent to our servers encrypted or unencrypted. “MASTER PASSWORD” is a secret word or phrase in combination with any key that is mandatory to gain access to the Secured Data stored in our Platform. Note: We never ask for your master password or any other secured data. Note: Contact us using the information at the top of this privacy notice to exercise any of your legal rights contained within this privacy notice. We will respond to your request within 30 days after receiving it. Occasionally it may take longer for multiple requests or complex circumstances. With the exception defined in our Disclosures to Successors provision, we never sell your PD. The only PD we collect from you is your first and last name and email address. When using our Platform and submitting PD to us, you have certain rights under privacy laws in the United States including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CaCPA), the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), and privacy laws of other countries including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (the EU GDPR), the UK General Data Protection Regulation (the UK GDPR), the UK Data Protection Act of 2018, Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), and other global privacy laws. Even if not listed here, we will make reasonable efforts to honor data subject access requests even though we may be under no legal obligation to do so. However, we reserve the right to decline any data subject access request that we are not legally obligated to comply with. Your rights include but are not limited to the following: California Consumer Privacy Act (CaCPA) California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) European Union General Data Protection Regulation (the EU GDPR) UK General Data Protection Regulation (the UK GDPR) UK Data Protection Act of 2018, Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) Generally, you control the amount and type of information that you provide to us when using our Platform. Our legal basis for collecting and processing your PD when you buy our products, services, or fill out our contact us form, opt-in form, or signup for our newsletter is based on and the necessity for the performance of a contract or to take steps to enter into a contract. We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information may also include the IP address of your computer/the proxy server you use to access the Internet, your Internet service provider’s name, your web browser type, the type of mobile device, your computer operating system, country, language, and data about your browsing activity when using our Platform. We use all this information to analyze trends among our users to help improve our Platform. When you enter and use our Platform and agree to accept cookies, some of these cookies may contain your PD. Our Platform use cookies. A cookie is a small piece of data or a text file that is downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you access certain websites. Cookies may contain text that can be read by the web server that delivered the cookie to you. The text contained in the cookie generally consists of a sequence of letters and numbers that uniquely identifies your computer or mobile device; it may contain other information as well. When we provide support for you, we may collect some personal data in order to help you. You may have purchased one of our mobile apps through any of our partners or affiliates. These partners and affiliates may provide your PD to us so we can activate your license. To enhance and improve our product, we gather certain device data to analyze apps usage. This information includes: Our Platform contains contact forms that enable visitors to communicate with us live online or offline by email. In some cases visitors can communicate with us without buying our products and services. At those times, we may collect some or all the following information: your email address, first name, last name, and any other information you willingly choose to give us. You should limit the information you give to us to one that is necessary to answer your questions. We do not use analytics in our apps. Some parts of our Platform use Google Analytics and Clearbit to collect information about the use of our Platform. We do not use analytics in our apps. Google Analytics may collect information from users such as age, gender, interests, demographics, how often they visit our Platform, what pages they visit, and what other websites they have used before coming to our Platform. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to analyze traffic, improve our marketing, advertising, and Platform. We do not combine the information collected using Google Analytics with PD. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you use our Platform, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google also uses specific identifiers to help collect information about the use of our Platform. Clearbit use pixel tags to collect IP addresses, which may then be used to analyze web traffic and derive insights. When you register as a user, we collect your first and last name and email address. If you do not provide us with enough PD, we may not be able to provide you with all our products and services. However, you can access and use some parts of our Platform without giving us your PD. We use the information we receive from you to: When we communicate with you, we will use the email address you provided when you registered as a user or customer. We may also send you emails with promotional information about our Platform or offers from us or our affiliates unless you have opted out of receiving such information. If you sign up for our services you are giving us your consent and authorize us to send you push notifications. You are not required to give us your consent for these push notifications. However, withholding your consent may interfere or prevent us from providing some or all of our services to you. We may share your PD with our subsidiaries. We share this information with them so that they can send you information about our products and services as well as their products and services. When you choose to take part in our services and/or offerings, you are authorizing us to provide your email address and other PD to our subsidiaries. We may be legally required to disclose your PD if such disclosure is (a) required by subpoena, law, or other legal process; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or governmental enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our terms and conditions; (d) necessary to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties, including you and/or other users; or (e) necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of our company, users, employees, and affiliates. PLEASE NOTE THAT IN ANY CASE YOUR SECURED DATA LIKE YOUR MASTER PASSWORD AND ANY DATA SAVED IN ENPASS CAN’T BE ACCESSED BY ANYONE. If our business is sold or merges in whole or in part with another business that would become responsible for providing our Platform to you, we retain the right to transfer your PD to the new business. The new business would retain the right to use your PD according to the terms of this privacy notice as well as to any changes to this privacy notice as instituted by the new business. We also retain the right to transfer your PD if our company files for bankruptcy and some or all of our assets are sold to another individual or company. Our Platform may offer the ability for users to communicate through online community discussion boards, blogs, or other mechanisms. If you choose to post on these discussion mechanisms, you should use care when exposing any PD, as such information is not protected by our privacy notice nor are we liable if you disclose your PD through such postings. Also, PD which you post on our Platform for publication may be available worldwide on the Internet. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others. We only retain your PD for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for PD, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the PD. When your information is no longer needed, we will destroy, delete, or erase it. If any postings you make on our Platform contain information about third parties, you agree to make sure that you have permission to include that information. While we are not legally liable for the actions of our users, we will remove any postings about which we are notified, if such postings violate the privacy rights of others. Some web browsers have settings that enable you to request that our Platform not track your movement within our Platform. Our Platform does not obey such settings when transmitted to and detected by our Platform. You can turn off tracking features and other security settings in your browser by referring to your browser’s user manual. Our Platform may contain links to other websites. These websites are not under our control and are not subject to our privacy notice. These websites will likely have their own privacy notices. We have no responsibility for these websites and we provide links to these websites solely for your convenience. You acknowledge that your use of and access to these websites are solely at your risk. It is your responsibility to check the privacy notices of these websites to see how they treat your PD. Our Platform is not designed for use by anyone under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect PD from children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and believe that your child is using our Platform and they are under the age of 16, please contact us. Before we remove any information we may ask for proof of identification to prevent malicious removal of account information. If we discover that a child under the age of 16 is accessing our Platform, we will delete their information within a reasonable period of time. You acknowledge that we do not verify the age of our users nor have any liability to do so. You can always opt-out of receiving email correspondence from us or our affiliates. We will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third-party without your permission except in the sale or transfer of our company, or if our company files for bankruptcy as described in the section Disclosures to Successors. Disclosures to Successors We have built our Platform using industry-standard security measures and authentication tools and user services like Amazon Web Services (AWS) to protect the security of your PD. We and the third parties who provide services to us also maintain technical and physical safeguards to protect your PD. Unfortunately we cannot guarantee prevention of loss or misuse of your PD or secure data transmission over the Internet because of its nature. We strongly urge you to protect any password you may have for our Platform and not share it with anyone. You may have to provide a credit or debit card to buy products and services from our Platform. We use third-party billing services and have no control over them. We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that your credit card number is kept strictly confidential by using only third-party billing services that use industry-standard encryption technology to protect your credit card number from unauthorized use. However, you understand and agree that we are in no way responsible for any misuse of your credit card number. PD that we collect from you may be stored, processed, and transferred among any countries in which we operate. The European Union has not found the United States and some other countries to have an acceptable level of protection of PD under Article 45 of the GDPR. Our company relies on derogations for specific situations as defined in Article 49 of the GDPR. If you are a European Union user, or a user from another country, with your consent your PD may be transferred to the United States or other countries when you request information from us. When you buy goods or services, we will use your PD to perform a contract with you. Wherever we transfer, process, or store your PD, we will try to apply reasonable safeguards to protect it. We will use the information we collect from you by following the practices described in our privacy notice. Also, we enter into data processing agreements and standard contractual clauses when appropriate. By using our Platform, services, or products, you agree to the transfers of your PD described within this section. We reserve the right to change this privacy notice at any time. If our company decides to change this privacy notice, we will post those changes on our Platform so our users and customers are always aware of what information we collect, use, and disclose. If at any time we decide to disclose or use your PD in a method different from that specified at the time it was collected, we will provide advance notice by email sent to the email address on file in your account. Otherwise, we will use and disclose our users’ and customers’ PD in agreement with this privacy notice in effect when the information was collected. Your continued use of our Platform, services, and products after any change to this privacy notice will constitute your acceptance of such change. If you have questions about our privacy notice, please contact us through the information at the top of this privacy notice. Copyright © This Privacy Notice is protected under United States and foreign copyrights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you, is strictly prohibited.  We do not send more than one email a month about the latest news of Enpass, special promotions and sneak peek of future releases. Copyright © 2023 Enpass Technologies Inc.