You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. The service may change its terms at any time, but the user will receive notification of the changes.. The service informs users that its privacy policy does not apply to third party websites. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. User-generated content is encrypted, and this service cannot decrypt it. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. Your biometric data is collected. Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. Users are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses they may incur by downloading materials. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. Copyright license limited for the purposes of that same service but transferable and sublicenseable. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. You waive your right to a class action.. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. This service is only available to users over a certain age. Users agree to comply with the law of the service's country. The court of law governing the terms is in Delaware, USA.. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content