PortableApps.com Portable software for local, portable/USB and cloud drives Search form Search Search  For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes IP addresses. We collect the email addresses of those who post messages to our forums or otherwise register for an account or our email newsletter. We use cookies to store visitors preferences and allow registered users to log in. Like nearly all websites worldwide, PortableApps.com uses cookies when you visit our site. Cookies originating from portableapps.com are used to allow logins to the site and keep track of your preferences and selections while you use our site (like whether you've expanded or collapsed certain forum views). These cookies are strictly necessary for these specific functions and you will be unable to login or keep track of preferences without them. Cookies originating from our content delivery network (cdn.portableapps.com) are used to keep track of when you last loaded images and other assets in your browser. These cookies are optional, but you may wind up re-downloading certain images on subsequent visits to our site. Cookies originating from additional domains (google, adsense, etc) are used to display advertising and handle analytics for visiting the site. These cookies are optional and blocking them will not affect your visit, but may result in us not being able to track you as a visitor which can affect donation/sponsorship funding. PortableApps.com has specifically chosen not to use dynamic social media buttons to protect your privacy, so no cookies will be added for social networks. We do not share, sell or otherwise give away your personal information such as your email address to 3rd parties. The information we collect is disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. These measures include keycard protocols, biometric scanning protocols and round-the-clock interior and exterior surveillance monitor access to every one of our data centers. Only authorized data center personnel are granted access credentials to our data centers. No one else can enter the production area of the datacenter without prior clearance and an appropriate escort. Every data center employee undergoes multiple and thorough background security checks before they're hired. This policy was last updated on 2023-09-27 Username * * Password * x