Legal Privacy Policy 1.1. We are OsmAnd B.V. located at Logger 41, 1186 RM, Amstelveen, the Netherlands. 1.2. OsmAnd B.V. ("Company") and its subsidiaries recognize the importance of the user privacy and protection of personal data. 2.1 This Privacy Policy describes the way the Company collects and processes the information provided by the end users, including personalized or non-personalized types of data. Personalized data is understood as the information may include the data that identifies or describes a user or another identifiable individual. Non-personalized data is the information that does not identify any user, in particular, providing anonymous, generalized information. 2.2 The Company is committed to the principles of personal data security and only uses the information to provide better service to the users. 3.1 Company aggregates non-personal data which cannot identify a user. Such data includes the apps' installs, the frequency of the launches, the devices' models, software versions, the countries where the application is used, the language and downloaded maps info. Also, the users may be asked to leave an email to get access to certain additional features and to participate in marketing activities and provide non-personalized data about the use of different screens in the application without any user input data to let Company improve certain functionality. 3.1.1 Info about downloaded maps helps to learn the region popularity to provide the best service where it is most used. It's important to provide maps as fast as possible for users who just installed the app or need them urgently, in contrast of regular batch updates. 3.1.2 Info about opened screens is disabled by default. By enabling it you are sharing: 3.2 Collected data may be used for reports and statistics as well as while the OsmAnd discount pop-up notifications, according to this Privacy Policy. Collected data never shared with third party. 3.3 We strongly believe in the principle of data protection and safety, thus, the Company does not collect, store, process or transfer any personal information of users besides the cases when such information is provided by the users with their clear consent. 3.4 The Company may disclose the information provided by the users or collected otherwise in certain exceptional cases including a legal process or by request of the law enforcement agencies. It is also possible in case of investigations, including those concerning possible fraud, terms of use infringement or other cases that are potentially harmful to the Company. Besides that, data can be shared or disclosed to prevent harm or damage to the users. 3.5 If Company faces reformation such as acquisition by another business, company merger, or other, the information collected by the Company can be transferred to the according parties. 3.6 Certain parts of non-personalized data can be shared with the partners of the Company in the amounts, necessary to ensure cooperation between the Company and its partners or service providers. 6.1 This Policy can be updated anytime at the discretion of the Company. By using the Company’s products, the users agree to fully comply with the Policy and understand that their data can be processed under the rules mentioned here. 6.2 If this Privacy Policy changes in any way, we will post an updated version on this page. We recommend you regularly review this page to ensure that you are always aware of our information practices and any changes to such. Last updated: December 11, 2023