Legal Terms Of Use 1.2 Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. 1.3 These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service. 1.5 By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service. 1.6 We may amend these Terms without any special notice; revised Terms shall come into effect once posted online at this page. If we have made any amendments to these Terms, and the User disagrees with these amendments, the User shall stop using the Service. 3.1 You may use the Service solely for private and personal purposes. You may not use the Service commercially. You may not integrate it within a service of your own, without the prior written consent of OsmAnd B.V. 4.1 You may terminate your use of the Service at any time and for whatever reason. You are not obligated to advise us of such termination. We retain the right to block your access to the Service and discontinue your use of the Service, at any time and for any reason we deem appropriate, at its sole and absolute discretion. 5.2 “OsmAnd”, OsmAnd logo, and other trade and/or service marks are the property of us and you may not use such logos or marks for any purpose that is not expressly authorized in these Terms without the prior written consent of OsmAnd B.V. 5.3 The design, trade dress, and the ‘look and feel’ of the maps of the Service are protected works under applicable copyright laws and we retain all intellectual property rights in them. The Software license granted to you in these Terms does not extend to or include a license to use the maps displayed on the Software or any mark, indicator, logo or notation embedded in the maps that are displayed on the Software. You may not copy or print more than one copy of any data or material appearing on the Service. 4.1 Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by OsmAnd B.V. 4.2 OsmAnd B.V. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. 4.3 You further acknowledge and agree that OsmAnd B.V. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services. 5.1 The Service or any part thereof, any version of the Software installed on your mobile device may be changed, updated, added to, limited or terminated, at any time, temporarily or permanently, without notice, for any reason or no reason by OsmAnd B.V. in its sole discretion ("Updates"). 5.2 You agree to bear the risks of and hold OsmAnd B.V. harmless for any and all effects that the Updates may have on you and your ability to use the Service, in whole or in part. 6.1 You agree that OsmAnd B.V. generates UUID (Unique User Identifier) for each OsmAnd app installation and shared with OsmAnd Servers during Map downloads. UUID is implemented to monitor fair usage of server resources, predict traffic usage and provide general reports monthly map downloads. 7.1 If you use the Service on an Apple device, then you agree and acknowledge that: 8.1 At the wish of the User OsmAnd B.V. may provide the User with the paid Additional service such as paid in-app, paid app with unlimited download maps and subscription to app with full version of the mobile application OsmAnd B.V. (hereinafter the "Additional service"). 8.2 Additional service can be ordered in the settings of the mobile application OsmAnd B.V. or bought in App Store. Purchases of apps and in-apps are provided for indeterminate period of time without any warranties for quality of the service. 8.3 Any and all fees payable for the Additional service are non-refundable. 8.4 Subscription plans can be provided for a month, 3 months, year at the User's choice. You must comply with the subscription plan details valid at the time of your subscription, unless otherwise expressly notified by OsmAnd B.V., as well as with the rest of these Terms. 8.5 The Service during subscription is provided AS IS and without warranties. In case of unsatisfactory quality results the subscription should be cancelled by end user in user stores cabinet without any refunds for paid periods. 8.6 Refund of your purchases is by rules of stores where these purchases were done: noteOsmAnd B.V. can only refund your payment within 72 hours after your transaction in Google Play by genuine reasons. From time to time, OsmAnd B.V. may refuse a refund request if we find evidence of fraud, refund abuse, or other manipulative behavior that entitles OsmAnd B.V. to a corresponding counterclaim. OsmAnd B.V. can only refund your payment within 72 hours after your transaction in Google Play by genuine reasons. From time to time, OsmAnd B.V. may refuse a refund request if we find evidence of fraud, refund abuse, or other manipulative behavior that entitles OsmAnd B.V. to a corresponding counterclaim. 9.1 The Service and Software is provided on an "as is, as available". We make no and hereby specifically disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, without limitation, those of merchantability, non infringement, title, accuracy and fitness for a particular purpose unless such warranties are legally incapable of exclusion. We do not warrant, guarantee or make any representations regarding the use, availability or reliability of the Software, or the Service, unless such warranties are legally incapable of exclusion. The entire risk as to the results and performance of the Software, and the Service is assumed by you. 9.2 OsmAnd B.V. does not warrant or guarantee that all Software versions shall be provided with similar grades and level of service, features, functionality and the ability to use, the Service. We do not warrant or guarantee (1) that any program or information will be free of infection by viruses, worms, Trojan horses or anything else manifesting contaminating or destructive properties; (2) that the Service and the functions or services performed by OsmAnd B.V. will be uninterrupted or error-free; or (3) that defects in the Service will be corrected. You are solely responsible to isolate software and information, execute anti-contamination software and otherwise take steps to ensure that software or information, if contaminated or infected, will not damage your information or system. 10.1 You understand that your use of the Service is at your own risk and that we are not obliged to provide you with any assistance. We are under no obligation to provide you with any error corrections, updates, upgrades, bug fixes and/or enhancements of the Software or any Service. Last updated: 16 September 2022