The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising. Third parties are involved in operating the service. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location. This service tracks which web page referred you to it. Private messages can be read. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect. The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data. The service may collect extra data about you through promotions. Your data is processed and stored in a country that is less friendly to user privacy protection. If you participate in sweepstakes, contests or promotions your identity is used in ads that are shown to other users. This service may collect, use, and share location data. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction.. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes. This service receives your precise location through GPS coordinates. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation. This service shares your personal data with third parties that are not involved in its operation. You can opt out of targeted advertising. A complaint mechanism is provided for the handling of personal data. The service may sell your data unless you opt out. You can opt out of promotional communications. The court of law governing the terms is in the State of New York, USA. This service ignores the Do Not Track (DNT) header and tracks users anyway even if they set this header.. This service reserves the right to disclose your personal information without notifying you. This service gathers information about you through third parties. The service uses your personal data for advertising.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to the user . This service uses your personal information for many different purposes. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations