Privacy & Terms Sign in Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? | We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include: You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. How you use Google services and your privacy settings will determine what data is processed, the purposes for which this data is processed, and the legal bases for processing data. The table below explains these processing purposes, the kinds of data processed, and the legal grounds for processing this data, in more detail. To provide Google services, products, and features Examples of processing activities: The information processed will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following: The legal grounds for processing this information will depend on how you use Google services and your settings but could include the following: perform a contract legitimate interests Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users consent To maintain and improve Google services, products, and features To maintain the service so it works as intended, such as debugging the service, tracking issues or troubleshooting issues. To make improvements to Google services and to help improve the safety and reliability of these services, such as to detect, prevent, and respond to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm the service or users. Provide, maintain, and improve services to meet the needs of our users. Understand how people use our services to ensure and improve the performance of our services. Perform research that improves our services for our users and benefits the public. To develop new Google services, products and features Develop new products and features that are useful for our users. To provide personalized services, including content and ads To customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results. Depending on your settings, to show you personalized ads based on your interests. Customize our services to provide you with a better user experience. Provide advertising, which allows us to offer many of our services without a fee. To measure performance - We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our services. Fulfill obligations to our partners like developers and rights holders. To communicate with you - We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. Marketing to inform users about our services. To protect Google, our users, and the public To help improve the safety and reliability of our services, including detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public. To meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request. Enforce legal claims, including investigation of potential violations of applicable Terms of Service. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law, including disclosing information to government authorities. vital interests legal obligation This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: For example, we may display a Google Doodle on the Search homepage to celebrate an event specific to your country. This means the Google affiliate that is responsible for processing your information and for complying with applicable privacy laws. Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services. And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. Examples of these services include: For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Change language:AfrikaansBahasa IndonesiaBahasa MelayuCatalàČeštinaDanskDeutschEestiEnglishEnglish (India)English (United Kingdom)EspañolEspañol (Latinoamérica)EuskaraFilipinoFrançaisFrançais (Canada)GalegoHrvatskiIsizuluÍslenskaItalianoKiswahiliLatviešuLietuviųMagyarNederlandsNorskPolskiPortuguês (Brasil)Português (Portugal)RomânăSlovenčinaSlovenščinaSrpskiSuomiSvenskaTiếng ViệtTürkçeΕλληνικάБългарскиРусскийСрпскиУкраїнська‫עברית‬‫اردو‬‫العربية‬‫فارسی‬አማርኛमराठीहिन्दीবাংলাગુજરાતીதமிழ்తెలుగుಕನ್ನಡമലയാളംไทย한국어中文 (香港)中文（简体中文）中文（繁體中文）日本語 Google appsMain menu Google apps Main menu