GB Terms of Service What’s in these Terms? This index is designed to help you navigate our Terms of Service (Terms). We hope this serves as a useful guide, but please ensure you read the Terms in full. Welcome to YouTube! This section outlines our relationship with you. It includes a description of the Service, defines our Agreement, and names your service provider. Who May Use the Service? This section sets out certain requirements for use of the Service, and defines categories of users. Your Use of the Service This section explains your rights to use the Service, and the conditions that apply to your use of the Service. It also explains how we may make changes to the Service. Your Content and Conduct This section applies to users who provide Content to the Service. It defines the scope of the permissions that you grant by uploading your Content, and includes your agreement not to upload anything that infringes on anyone else’s rights. Account Suspension and Termination This section explains how you and YouTube may terminate this relationship. About Software in our Service This section includes details about software on the Service. Other Legal Terms This section includes our service commitment to you. It also explains that there are some things we will not be responsible for. About this Agreement This section includes some further important details about our contract, including what to expect if we need to make changes to these Terms; or which law applies to them. Dated: January 5, 2022 TERMS OF SERVICE Introduction Thank you for using the YouTube platform and the products, services and features we make available to you as part of the platform (collectively, the “Service”). Our Service Your Service Provider The entity providing the Service in the United Kingdom is Google LLC, located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (referred to as “YouTube”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). References to YouTube’s “Affiliates” in these terms means the other companies within the Alphabet Inc. corporate group. Applicable Terms Please read this Agreement carefully and make sure you understand it. If you do not understand the Agreement, or do not accept any part of it, then you may not use the Service. Who may use the Service? Age Requirements You may use the Service if you are at least 13 years old; however, children of all ages may use the Service and YouTube Kids (where available) if enabled by a parent or legal guardian. Permission by Parent or Guardian If you are under 18, you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use the Service. Please have them read this Agreement with you. Businesses If you are using the Service on behalf of a company or organisation, you confirm to us that you have authority to act on behalf of that entity, and that entity accepts this Agreement. Content on the Service Google Accounts and YouTube Channels Your Information Permissions and Restrictions You may access and use the Service as made available to you, as long as you comply with this Agreement and the law. You may view or listen to Content for your personal, non-commercial use. You may also show YouTube videos through the embeddable YouTube player. The following restrictions apply to your use of the Service. You are not allowed to: Reservation Any right not expressly granted to you in this Agreement remains the right of YouTube or the respective rights holders. This means, for example, that using the Service does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in the Content you access (including any branding used on or displayed in the Service). Develop, Improve and Update the Service Uploading Content If you have a YouTube channel, you may be able to upload Content to the Service. You may use your Content to promote your business or artistic enterprise. If you choose to upload Content, you must not submit to the Service any Content that does not comply with this Agreement or the law. For example, the Content you submit must not include third-party intellectual property (such as copyrighted material) unless you have permission from that party or are otherwise legally entitled to do so. You are legally responsible for the Content you submit to the Service. We may use automated systems that analyze your Content to help detect infringement and abuse, such as spam, malware, and illegal content. Rights you Grant You retain all of your ownership rights in your Content. In short, what belongs to you stays yours. However, we do require you to grant certain rights to YouTube and other users of the Service, as described below. Licence to YouTube By providing Content to the Service, you grant to YouTube a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable licence to use that Content (including to reproduce, distribute, modify, display and perform it) for the purpose of operating, promoting, and improving the Service. Licence to Other Users You also grant each other user of the Service a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to access your Content through the Service, and to use that Content (including to reproduce, distribute, modify, display, and perform it) only as enabled by a feature of the Service. Duration of Licence The licences granted by you continue until the Content is removed as described below. Once removed, the licences will terminate, except where the operation of the Service, use of Content permitted before your removal, or the law requires otherwise. For example, removal of Content by you does not require YouTube to: (a) recall Content that is being used by other users within any limited offline viewing functionality of the Service; or (b) delete copies we reasonably need to keep for legal purposes. Right to Monetize You grant to YouTube the right to monetize your Content on the Service (and such monetization may include displaying ads on or within Content or charging users a fee for access). This Agreement does not entitle you to any payments. Starting June 1, 2021, any payments you may be entitled to receive from YouTube under any other agreement between you and YouTube (including for example payments under the YouTube Partner Program, Channel memberships or Super Chat) will be treated as royalties. If required by law, Google will withhold taxes from such payments. Removing Your Content Removal of Content By YouTube Community Guidelines Strikes If your channel has been restricted due to a strike, you must not use another channel to circumvent these restrictions. Violation of this prohibition is a material breach of this Agreement and Google reserves the right to terminate your Google account or your access to all or part of the Service. Copyright Protection Terminations by You Terminations and Suspensions by YouTube YouTube reserves the right to suspend or terminate your Google account or your access to all or part of the Service if: (a) you materially or repeatedly breach this Agreement; (b) we are required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or a court order; or (c) we reasonably believe that there has been conduct that creates liability or harm to any user, other third party, YouTube or our Affiliates. Notice for Termination or Suspension We will notify you with the reason for termination or suspension by YouTube unless we reasonably believe that to do so: (a) would violate the law or the direction of a legal enforcement authority; (b) would compromise an investigation; (c) would compromise the integrity, operation or security of the Service; or (d) would cause harm to any user, other third party, YouTube or our Affiliates. Effect of Account Suspension or Termination Downloadable Software When the Service requires or includes downloadable software (such as the YouTube Studio application), unless that software is governed by additional terms which provide a licence, YouTube gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable and non-exclusive licence to use the software provided to you by YouTube as part of the Service. This licence is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Service as provided by YouTube, in the manner permitted by this Agreement. You are not allowed to copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of the software, or to reverse-engineer or attempt to extract the source code of that software, unless laws prohibit these restrictions or you have YouTube’s written permission. Open Source Some software used in our Service may be offered under an open source licence. There may be provisions in an open source licence that expressly override some of these terms. If so, we will make that open source licence available to you. Warranty We provide the Service with reasonable care and skill. Disclaimer By law, consumers have certain rights that cannot be excluded or altered by a contract. Nothing in this Agreement affects those rights you may have as a consumer. Other than as expressly stated in this Agreement or as required by law, YouTube does not make any specific promises about the Service. For example, we don’t make any promises about: the Content provided through the Service; the specific features of the Service, or its accuracy, reliability, availability, or ability to meet your needs; or that any Content you submit will be accessible or stored on the Service. Limitation of Liability All users: Nothing in this Agreement is intended to exclude or limit any party’s liability for: death or personal injury; fraud; fraudulent misrepresentation; or any liability that cannot be excluded or limited by law. To the extent permitted by applicable law, YouTube and its Affiliates will not be responsible for: Business Users only: If you are using the Service for the purpose of your trade, business, craft or profession, (a “Business User”), to the extent permitted by applicable law, the following limitations of liability will also apply: Third-Party Links The Service may contain links to third-party websites and online services that are not owned or controlled by YouTube. YouTube has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, such websites and online services. Be aware when you leave the Service; we suggest you read the terms and privacy policy of each third-party website and online service that you visit. Changing this Agreement We may change this Agreement, for example, to reflect changes to our Service or how we do business - for example, when we add new products or features or remove old ones, (2) for legal, regulatory, or security reasons or (3) to prevent abuse or harm. If we materially change this Agreement, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice and the opportunity to review the changes, except (1) when we launch a new product or feature, or (2) in urgent situations, such as preventing ongoing abuse or responding to legal requirements.If you don’t agree to the new terms, you should remove any Content you uploaded and stop using the Service. Continuation of this Agreement If your use of the Service ends, the following terms of this Agreement will continue to apply to you: “Other Legal Terms”, “About This Agreement”, and the licenses granted by you will continue in limited cases as described under “Duration of License”. Severance If it turns out that a particular term of this Agreement is not enforceable for any reason, this will not affect any other terms. Assignment YouTube may transfer all or part of this Agreement to an Affiliate or, if YouTube is sold, to a third party. No Waiver If you do not comply with this Agreement and we do not take action immediately, this doesn’t mean that we are giving up any rights that we may have (such as the right to take action in the future). Governing Law If you live in the United Kingdom this Agreement, and your relationship with YouTube under this Agreement will be governed by the laws of your country of residence, and legal proceedings may be brought in your local courts.