Product Wikis Centralize your knowledge Projects For every team or size Docs Simple & powerful Notion AI Integrated AI assistant Template gallery Setups to get you started Customer stories See how teams use Notion Connections Connect your tools to Notion Download iOS & Android Mac & Windows Web Clipper Solutions By team size Enterprise Advanced features for your org Small business Run your team on one tool Personal Free for individuals By team function Design Engineering Managers Notion for Startups Remote work Education Nonprofits Resources Blog Guides & tutorials Webinars Help center API docs Community Hire a consultant Pricing Request a demo Log in Privacy In this ArticlePrivacy is important to us — learn about how we handle privacy at Notion 🗝️ContentsHow we handle your dataWhat is Customer Data?What is Account Information?Who owns and controls Customer Data?How does Notion use my Account Information?Who should I contact if I have any questions about Notion’s data protection practices?GDPRNotion as Processor and ControllerCross Border Transfers - Standard Contractual ClausesTransfer Impact AssessmentSubprocessor ListData GovernancePrivacy by DesignData ExportData ImportData DeletionData AccessData BackupAgreementsPolicies In this Article ContentsHow we handle your dataWhat is Customer Data?What is Account Information?Who owns and controls Customer Data?How does Notion use my Account Information?Who should I contact if I have any questions about Notion’s data protection practices?GDPRNotion as Processor and ControllerCross Border Transfers - Standard Contractual ClausesTransfer Impact AssessmentSubprocessor ListData GovernancePrivacy by DesignData ExportData ImportData DeletionData AccessData BackupAgreementsPolicies Contents How we handle your data What is Customer Data? What is Account Information? Who owns and controls Customer Data? How does Notion use my Account Information? Who should I contact if I have any questions about Notion’s data protection practices? GDPR Notion as Processor and Controller Cross Border Transfers - Standard Contractual Clauses Transfer Impact Assessment Subprocessor List Data Governance Privacy by Design Data Export Data Import Data Deletion Data Access Data Backup Agreements Policies Notion maintains a comprehensive privacy compliance program and is committed to partnering with its customers and vendors on privacy compliance efforts. This page highlights some of the key aspects of our program. At Notion, our team is dedicated to developing and implementing data privacy processes and safeguards that meet industry standards and best practices. We conduct ongoing training for our teams to ensure that they are up to speed with developments in legislation and essential privacy and security practices. Every Notion employee and contractor signs up to non-disclosure terms to maintain the confidentiality and security of your data. Notion also holds any vendors that handle personal data to the same data management, security, and privacy practices and standards to which we hold ourselves. Notion defines Customer Data as any data that a customer stores in the Notion services. This can include personal information. Account information is the information that our customers provide to us so that we can create and administer their customer accounts. For example, account information includes names, usernames, passwords, phone numbers, email addresses, Workspace metadata, support communications, billing information, and usage information associated with your Notion account. You own your Customer Data, including any content you submit or upload to the Notion Service. You control your Customer Data. You determine what content and data will be uploaded to Notion. Once Customer Data is uploaded you manage access to your workspace by allocating user logins to individuals. You also control the administration of the Customer Data by managing you groups, permissions and the user credentials that are under your control. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us at: The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is a comprehensive data protection law that governs the collection of and use of personal data of EU residents, and that allows data subjects to exercise control over their data. As the GDPR is widely considered to be the most stringent global privacy standard, we have mapped our privacy program to the GDPR and other global privacy regulations. The GDPR and other data protection legislation have two primary classifications related to the collection and processing of personal data: data controller and data processor. A data controller determines the means and purposes for processing personal data, while a data processor is a party that processes data on behalf of the data controller. We understand and adhere to the rules for international transfers of personal data outside of the European Economic Area and UK. Notion understands and appreciates the importance of maintaining transfer impact assessments (TIA) as a supplementary measure and as a critical piece of your privacy compliance program. Data governance relates to the policies and procedures that dictate how data is procured and used throughout its life cycle. From creation and collection to processing, distribution, storage and deletion. Notion’s commitment to data governance is key to keeping our users data secure, private, accurate, and accessible. At Notion, we believe in privacy by design, which means that privacy considerations are built into every aspect of our products and services from the outset. This includes the development of new products, features, and the selection of vendors. Notion conducts regular training with our personnel to reinforce the concept that Notion needs to think of user privacy at all stages of the development lifecycle. Companies generally have a duty to back up their information in multiple places. To help with this Notion offers the option to save any Notion page, database, and non-database page to your computer in various formats. This way our customers can further protect themselves by backing up their information at any time. Notion’s data import function lets you upload information from external sources and combine it with the data already held in your workspace. Like most people, you probably have data, documents, and notes scattered across many files and apps. You can centralize your information in one place by moving it all into Notion. The workspace owner controls the workspace’s Customer Data. This includes all of the content submitted by customers and their users. When users leave a workspace, they may have the right to request that their data is deleted by the workspace owner. When customers terminate their subscription they also have the right to request that their data be deleted by Notion. When you delete an account, Notion will: Delete the account associated with that email addressDelete any private workspace(s) in which you are the only memberDelete any shared workspace(s) in which you are the only adminRemove you from any shared workspace(s) in which you are a member or one of multiple admins Delete the account associated with that email address Delete any private workspace(s) in which you are the only member Delete any shared workspace(s) in which you are the only admin Remove you from any shared workspace(s) in which you are a member or one of multiple admins To delete a workspace, you must be a workspace owner of that workspace. When you delete a workspace, Notion will: Delete all content in that workspaceReturn you to another workspace you belong to, or the sign up page for Notion if you don't belong to any others Delete all content in that workspace Return you to another workspace you belong to, or the sign up page for Notion if you don't belong to any others To ensure that our terms track with the GDPR, CCPA and other global privacy standards we continually have our terms assessed by leading privacy experts in multiple jurisdictions. At Notion we want to be as transparent as possible with our customers about how we collect, process, store, and use their personal data. In order to achieve this Notion maintains comprehensive and detailed policies regarding how we handle your personal information. These policies describe in detail how our users can exercise their rights with regard to their data. To learn more about the policies, please click on the links below. Give FeedbackWas this resource helpful?👍👎 Give Feedback Up nextGDPR at NotionAt Notion, we're committed to the success of our customers and the protection of their data through complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other privacy-related regulations 🇪🇺Read more At Notion, we're committed to the success of our customers and the protection of their data through complying with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other privacy-related regulations 🇪🇺 Help Reference docs Notion Academy Guides & courses API Create integrations English Do Not Sell or Share My Info © 2023 Notion Labs, Inc. Vercel: production