This Privacy Policy describes how Allscripts Healthcare, LLC ("Allscripts") protects your personal information when you use this web site, the FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record and all related products and services (collectively, the "Service"). Allscripts is located at 222 Merchandise Mart Plaza, Suite 2024, Chicago, Illinois 60654. All references to Allscripts include its subsidiaries or affiliates involved in providing the Service. All references to you include your Authorized Individuals, if any. A. Definitions Activity logs are Allscripts' and its Service Providers' records of when PHR Data is created, accessed, modified, deleted, released, or exported from and/or within the PHR. Aggregate Data is PHR Data that is: (1) grouped so it does not identify, relate to, describe, be capable of being associated with, connected, or be linked, directly or indirectly, to you as an individual and (2) has names and other identifiers removed or altered. In other words, Aggregate Data cannot be used to identify you as an individual. An Authorized Individual is someone you authorize to access your FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record on your behalf. De-identified data is PHR Data in which personal identifiers are removed and do not allow someone to determine a person’s identity. A Dependent is a minor child or other individual over whom an Authorized Individual has legal authority. "PHR" means Personal Health Record. A PHR is an electronic health data application that can help you collect, manage, and share your health information. The FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record is a PHR. When you sign up for the FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record, you provide and/or you authorize all or some of your Providers to provide to the FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record information about you. This information makes up PHR Data. Any information in the FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record is considered PHR Data. PHR Data might include, but is not limited to the following: Allscripts may use your PHR Data as described below. Personal Information means information about you that reasonably can be linked to you such as your name, health information, demographic information, and/or other identifiers as may be defined under state and federal law. Personal Information may also include but is not limited to your financial information or Social Security Number. A healthcare provider, healthcare practice, or hospital that you authorize to provide information to your FollowMyHealth PHR. When you sign up for the FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record, you may provide authorization for a healthcare practice or hospital, and associated authorized users to send Personal Information to your PHR. Allscripts and our Service Providers might report about business activities and customers (you) to others, such as investors, auditors, potential business partners, or public communities. Reports will not include Personal Information without your specific permission or as permitted or required by law. A Service Provider is an entity that is hired to perform certain functions for Allscripts to support the development, maintenance, and implementation of FollowMyHealth. Service Providers may include software or website designers and data storage providers. Security measures can include computer safeguards, secured files, and employee security training. In addition, Allscripts may be required by law to notify you, your provider, and/or regulatory authorities about particular data breaches. B. What Information Allscripts Collects C. How Allscripts Uses Your Information D. Sharing Your Information With Third Parties E. Choices You Have About How Allscripts Uses Your Information Managing Your Account. You have the following choices regarding the Personal Information you provide to Allscripts for use: You may access your FollowMyHealth account at any time to review your PHR Data. To request a change to any of your Personal Information, please contact your healthcare provider or the organization that provided the Personal Information for your FollowMyHealth account. For technical questions related to the FollowMyHealth product, please access the email support link on the FollowMyHealth Support page. F. Data from Children Under the Age of 18 An Authorized Individual-Representative may authorize and/or have access to a FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record for a Dependent. Through the account, the Authorized Individual-Representative may: (a) review and update the Dependent's personal health record as maintained on FollowMyHealth; and (b) engage in such communications and transactions as permitted between the Authorized Individual-Representative and the Dependent's Providers through the FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record. Accounts created for Dependents are specific to each healthcare Provider. Thus, an Authorized Individual-Representative will have to specifically authorize each Provider to establish a FollowMyHealth account in the name of the Dependent. A Dependent's FollowMyHealth account will be linked to an Authorized Individual-Representative's FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record account until the earlier of the date: (i) the Dependent reaches the age of 18; (ii) the Authorized Individual-Representative is no longer the legal representative of the Dependent; or, (iii) FollowMyHealth is notified by the Dependent's Provider or a court of law or agency with appropriate authority that the Dependent has been emancipated, attained legal custody of his or her own health information, or that a different Authorized Individual-Representative has been named. Each Authorized Individual-Representative agrees that a Dependent's FollowMyHealth account also may be linked to the FollowMyHealth account of another Authorized Individual-Representative, and each Authorized Individual-Representative will have the same rights to access and communicate through the Dependent's FollowMyHealth account. G. Security and Confidentiality Allscripts uses both technical and procedural Security Measures to maintain the confidentiality, integrity, and security of the FollowMyHealth Universal Health Record and other databases, including the use of firewalls, complex passwords, dual-factor authentication, various audit trails, data loss prevention, regular penetration testing, risk assessments, and anti-virus software. FollowMyHealth encrypts all PHR Data during transmission between your Provider and FollowMyHealth. Within FollowMyHealth, all PHR Data is encrypted at three levels: each individual has a unique encryption key; demographic information is encrypted; and clinical data is separately encrypted. The safety and security of your Personal Information and PHR Data also depends on you. You are solely responsible for deciding to disclose or transmit PHR Data in your FMH account to any external third party and whether to do so via encrypted or unencrypted mechanisms. To further protect the confidentiality of your Personal Information and PHR Data, change your password on a regular basis and keep your password confidential. Notify Allscripts immediately if you believe your password has been breached. Also, remember to log off the FollowMyHealth site before you leave your computer. H. Security Breach Notification Requirements Pursuant to applicable law, Allscripts may be required to send you notice of security breaches or suspected security breaches that impact your Personal Information and PHR Data. I. Changes to this Privacy Policy Allscripts reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy in its sole discretion. In such case, Allscripts will post the new Privacy Policy on the web site and the effective date of the new Privacy Policy will be clearly marked. When Allscripts makes material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you within a reasonable period of time prior to the change. J. More information Date last modified: November 13, 2019