 Privacy Guides Privacy Policy Initializing search Home Knowledge Base Why Privacy Matters Threat Modeling Common Threats Common Misconceptions Account Creation Account Deletion Technology Essentials Introduction to Passwords Multi-Factor Authentication Email Security VPN Overview Advanced Topics DNS Overview Tor Overview Private Payments Types of Communication Networks Operating Systems Android Overview iOS Overview Linux Overview macOS Overview Qubes Overview KB Archive Recommendations Privacy Tools Internet Browsing Tor Network Desktop Browsers Mobile Browsers Providers Cloud Storage DNS Resolvers Email Services Financial Services Photo Management Search Engines VPN Services Software Calendar Sync Cryptocurrency Data and Metadata Redaction Email Clients Encryption Software File Sharing and Sync Frontends Multi-Factor Authenticators News Aggregators Notebooks Password Managers Productivity Tools Real-Time Communication Android Desktop/PC Router Firmware Advanced Device Integrity About General Criteria Notices and Disclaimers Data We Collect From Visitors Data We Collect From Account Holders Contacting Us About This Policy Community Supporting Us Online Services Code of Conduct PrivacyTools FAQ Contributing Writing Guide Writing Style Branding Guidelines Translations Technical Guides Uploading Images Git Recommendations Changelog Forum Blog Determine whether to show navigation path Determine whether we have enough pages for rendering Navigation path (breadcrumbs) Navigation item with nested items Navigation item with nested items Recurse, if the first item has further nested items Navigation link Privacy Guides is a community project operated by a number of active volunteer contributors. The public list of team members . The privacy of our website visitors is important to us, so we do not track any individual people. As a visitor to our website: No personal information is collected No information such as cookies are stored in the browser No information is shared with, sent to or sold to third-parties No information is shared with advertising companies No information is mined and harvested for personal and behavioral trends No information is monetized If you register for an account on one of our services, we may collect any information you provide us (such as your email, password, profile information, etc.) and use that information to provide you with the service. We never share or sell this data. Some services we host have separate privacy policies which supersede this document. For example, the privacy policy of our forum can be found at . Even in the limited cases where your data is collected, our volunteers and most members of the Privacy Guides team have no access to that information. Some information (such as your email address) may be accessible to moderators via limited control panels for the purposes of moderating our communities. Thus, inquiries regarding your personal information should be sent directly to: For all other inquiries, you can contact any member of our team. For complaints under more generally, you always have the option to lodge complaints with your local data protection supervisory authorities. We will post any new versions of this statement . We may change how we announce changes in future versions of this document. In the meantime we may update our contact information at any time without announcing a change. Please refer to the for the latest contact information at any time. A full revision of this page can be found on GitHub. October 11, 2023 GitHub Share this website and spread privacy knowledge Copy this text to easily share Privacy Guides with your friends and family on any social network!