Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service employs a broad copyright license over user content including the right to distribute through any media. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. This service is only available to users over a certain age. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service prohibits users sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. The service is not responsible for linked or (clearly) quoted content from third-party content providers. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. You have the right to leave this service at any time. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You waive your right to a class action.. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. This services gives no guarantee regarding quality. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. If you are the target of a copyright claim, your content may be removed. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. This service has a no refund policy with some exceptions. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Users should revisit the terms periodically, although in case of material changes, the service will notify