Generative AI assistance for any writing challengeTry It for Free ⟶Grammarly HomeWhy GrammarlyHow It WorksOverview Robust, real-time communication assistanceGenerative AI Write, rewrite, get ideas, and quickly reply with AI assistanceWriting Enhancements Features to polish, grammar, tone, clarity, team consistency, and moreTrust & Security You own your dataDemo Try Grammarly, and see how it worksWhere It WorksOverview Writing assistance on 500,000+ apps and sites across your devicesWindows & Mac For desktop apps and websites like Word and GmailBrowser Extension For sites like Google Docs, Gmail, and LinkedInMobile For every Android and iOS appWho We AreAboutResponsible AIPressCareersWe Stand with Ukraine Grammarly stands with our friends, colleagues, and family in Ukraine, and with all people in Ukraine.For WorkIndividualsTeams & BusinessesSuccess StoriesBusiness Events & ReportsFor EducationStudentsInstitutionsEducation Events & ReportsCompare PlansTools & GuidesToolsDemo Try Grammarly, and see how it worksGrammar Checker Check for grammar, spelling, and punctuation mistakesPlagiarism Checker Check your work for plagiarismCitation Generator Format citations in APA, MLA, and ChicagoAI Writing Tools Create cover letters, emails, and more with AIGuidesWritingGrammarPunctuationBlogLog inGrammarly HomeWhy GrammarlyHow It WorksOverview Robust, real-time communication assistanceGenerative AI Write, rewrite, get ideas, and quickly reply with AI assistanceWriting Enhancements Features to polish, grammar, tone, clarity, team consistency, and moreTrust & Security You own your dataDemo Try Grammarly, and see how it worksWhere It WorksOverview Writing assistance on 500,000+ apps and sites across your devicesWindows & Mac For desktop apps and websites like Word and GmailBrowser Extension For sites like Google Docs, Gmail, and LinkedInMobile For every Android and iOS appWho We AreAboutResponsible AIPressCareersWe Stand with Ukraine Grammarly stands with our friends, colleagues, and family in Ukraine, and with all people in Ukraine.For WorkIndividualsTeams & BusinessesSuccess StoriesBusiness Events & ReportsFor EducationStudentsInstitutionsEducation Events & ReportsCompare PlansTools & GuidesToolsDemo Try Grammarly, and see how it worksGrammar Checker Check for grammar, spelling, and punctuation mistakesPlagiarism Checker Check your work for plagiarismCitation Generator Format citations in APA, MLA, and ChicagoAI Writing Tools Create cover letters, emails, and more with AIGuidesWritingGrammarPunctuationBlogLog inEffective as of September 22, 2023 | Posted: September 19, 2023Privacy Policy(View Previous Version)When you use Grammarly’s products, you’re trusting us to handle your personal information with care. We take that trust seriously. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and protect your personal information. When we refer to our products in this Privacy Policy, we’re referring to all of our products and services, including our apps, websites, and software. If you are a member of a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, please note that your organization controls the information processed for writing suggestions because, in that case, we are acting as a processor on behalf of your organization.SummaryWhile we hope you read this entire Privacy Policy, here is a brief overview of some important points:We don’t and will not sell your data. (read more)We offer a free product and hope you’ll purchase one of our paid products. That’s how we make money. (read more)When you sign up for and use our products, we process your account and—if applicable—payment information. (read more)To provide you with writing suggestions, we process your text. To provide you with an optimized product, we also process some additional information, such as the type of device you’re using. (read more)When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, your use of our products is governed by your organization’s policies. (read more)We use a small number of trusted third parties to help provide our products. (read more)You can exercise your region-specific rights (like GDPR and CCPA rights). (read more)Table of ContentsHow Does Grammarly Make Money?What Personal Information Does Grammarly Process or Collect?How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information?How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?With Whom Does Grammarly Share Personal Information?Does Grammarly Collect Information from Children?Exercising Your Data RightsWhat Other Policies Apply to the Use of Grammarly’s Products?When and How Will Grammarly Update this Policy?Contact InformationAdditional Information for Users in Specific Regions and TeamsHow Does Grammarly Make Money? We offer free and paid products, and we make money from subscriptions of the paid products. We don’t sell your data.What Information Does Grammarly Process or Collect?We process or collect information to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products. The information we collect includes account and payment information you provide, as well as log data and device information that we collect automatically. Here are the categories of information we collect or process: Account information when you sign up for an account, which includes your email address, password, name, and email preferences. If you sign up through a third-party service, like Google or Apple, we’ll collect the information from them that you authorize. Payment information if you are a paying customer, which includes payment transaction history and limited payment card information. If you use PayPal, the Google Play Store, the Apple App Store or another payment processor to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your payment information directly to those providers, not us.Log data and device information, which includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, and operating system and platform.Sales and support data, which is the personal information you share with us when you interact with our customer support and sales teams. User content, which consists of all the text and documents that you upload, enter, or otherwise transmit when you use our products. For information on how we use, process, protect, and store user content, please see How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information and How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?Usage data, which includes information about how you use and interact with our products. For example, we collect usage data to provide you with weekly activity reports. Cookie information and other identifiers to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and provide, protect, and improve our products. For more information, see our Cookie Policy. Note that our products currently do not respond to Do Not Track requests. Third-party information, such as data about organizations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, website visitors, marketing campaigns, and other matters related to our business from affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners, or others that we use to make our information better or more useful. This data may be combined with the other information we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.Names of user contacts in the Grammarly Keyboard (on-device storage only) to make appropriate spelling suggestions. The Grammarly Keyboard may request or obtain access to your contacts’ names on your device. For instance, Grammarly will not try to autocorrect names in your list of contacts. These names will be stored solely on your device within the Grammarly Keyboard app and are never sent to Grammarly servers.Other information you provide directly to us. You may have the option to submit additional information as you use our products. For example, you may choose to participate in surveys where you can provide feedback on the product.How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information?We use your information to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products. The way we use your information depends, in part, on how you use our products and what preferences you set.We use your information for the following specific purposes: Providing Grammarly products to you. We use data to operate our products and provide a rich, interactive experience. For example, we process your user content to show you appropriate writing suggestions.Personalizing Grammarly for you. We use personal information to tailor your Grammarly experience and enhance your communication abilities. For example, if you set up a personal dictionary, we will customize your suggestions to account for your personal dictionary.Providing support to you. We need personal information to resolve issues that you encounter with our products. For example, if you contact our support team, we may need access to account information in order to respond to your request.Troubleshooting and debugging our products. We need data to resolve technical issues that arise with our products. For example, we use log data to track outages.Building and improving our products. We’re continually developing new methods to make our products smarter, faster, more secure, and more helpful. We use data to help us do so. For example, we refer to usage data to help us decide what new features to build.Processing payments. If you are a paying customer, we need payment information to enable your transaction.Promoting our products. We use data to send promotional communications. For example, depending on your location, we may use account information to send you marketing emails about new products or offers, from which you can unsubscribe. Ensuring our and our users’ safety and security. We need personal information to protect Grammarly against fraud and abuse. For example, we may need to use your account information to verify your activity and protect against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity.Supporting and selling our products. We use sales and support data to promote and sell our products to you and to provide you with support. Some of these activities are provided by service providers with whom we have contracted.Complying with legal obligations. We use personal information where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our or others’ legal rights. For example, we may process account information to help you exercise your data protection rights.We use automated and manual processing techniques when using information for these purposes. Our automated methods include artificial intelligence (AI), which is a set of technologies that allow computers to perform tasks that would typically require human knowledge and intelligence. Our manual methods frequently work in conjunction with, and support, our automated methods, and all of our data handling is subject to the security practices described at https://www.grammarly.com/trust. How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?As described in more detail on our Security page, we use a combination of technical, physical, and logical safeguards to secure your data. These safeguards include encryption, secure network configuration, data transfer restrictions, restricted employee access, and several other measures. Grammarly retains personal information for as long as necessary to provide our products to you, to complete the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as to comply with our legal obligations or resolve disputes. When it comes to user content, by default, we process user content associated with your account to provide services to you (for example, writing suggestions). After that, if you did not choose to retain that content, we either delete or de-identify it. With the Grammarly Editor, we will store documents you create until you delete them. For more information, please visit https://www.grammarly.com/trust.Some of our optional product features will provide personalized writing suggestions. When we offer those personalized features to you, we will describe how we use and store your information to provide those features. With Whom Does Grammarly Share Personal Information?We don’t sell your personal information. We do share your information with certain third parties, as described below, to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products and as required by law. Trusted service providers. We use service providers like Amazon Web Services to provide, protect, promote, and improve our products. These trusted third parties are bound by agreements that require them to follow our data privacy and security requirements and only use your data in the way we tell them to. Government agencies, regulators, and other authorized third parties. We may disclose your information to governmental agencies, regulators, and other third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate governmental request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud, harm, or abuse of Grammarly or our users; or (d) perform a task carried out in the public interest.An acquirer of Grammarly’s business or assets. In case of a merger, sale, or reorganization of all or part of our business, information covered by this policy may be transferred in connection with that deal. We’ll notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.Organization IT administrators and representatives. When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, the administrator of that team may access and control your Grammarly account (see Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team Account below). If you created an account using an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may share your email address with the administrators or representatives of that employer or organization to, for example, allow them to invite you to a Grammarly Business team or reach out to them about purchasing Grammarly Business.Other users. If you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account or create an account with an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may suggest you as a potential collaborator to other users of that organization.With your consent or otherwise at your direction. If you consent to share your personal information or otherwise direct us, we may do so.Does Grammarly Collect Personal Information from Children?Unless your Grammarly account is part of a Grammarly for Education team, Grammarly does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we determine we have collected personal information from a child younger than 13 years of age, we will take reasonable measures to remove that information from our systems. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our products. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Policy by making sure that their children do not provide personal information through our products.Please note that in some jurisdictions, the age of digital consent is older than 13. If you are in one of those jurisdictions, you must be at least that age to use our products.Exercising Your Data RightsYou have a number of ways to interact with the personal information that Grammarly processes, including requesting a record of your information, updating or correcting it, and deleting it. Request a personal data report. You can submit an access request for your data by submitting a support ticket through this link. Correct or update your data. You can update your name, email address, and language preference through your Grammarly account settings. If you registered for Grammarly using Google or Facebook, or if you otherwise have problems updating this information, please submit a support ticket. Stop us from processing your personal information. You can ask us to stop using your personal information for marketing emails by clicking “unsubscribe” on the emails you receive. In order to stop all processing of your personal information, you can delete your account. Delete your data. You can remove your personal information from Grammarly by deleting your account. Move your data out of Grammarly. You can download the documents you’ve stored in your Grammarly account by following the steps here. You can download your billing receipts by following the instructions here and download a copy of your document statistics by following the instructions here. Lodge a complaint. If you’re based in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.What Other Policies Apply to the Use of Grammarly’s Products?When you use Grammarly’s products, your use is subject to our Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. Our Terms of Service include provisions governing how to resolve disputes, our limited warranties, and limitations on damages. When and How Will Grammarly Update this Policy?We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of your information without giving you advance notice. You must keep your email address up to date because we may use that email address to provide you with notice of any updates. We may also provide an update via an in-product notification. When our business or privacy regulations change, we will update this Privacy Policy accordingly. You should check this Privacy Policy page to see recent changes. Contact InformationYou can contact us with any questions relating to this Privacy Policy by submitting a help desk request here, by emailing privacy@grammarly.com, or by contacting us via postal mail at Grammarly, Inc., 548 Market Street, #35410, San Francisco, CA 94104.Additional Information for Users in Specific Regions and Teams Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team AccountIf you use a Grammarly product (for example, Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education) made available to you through an organization (for example, your employer), your use of our product is subject to that organization’s policies (if any), and you should direct any privacy inquiries to your organization’s administrator. Grammarly is not responsible for your organization’s privacy or security practices, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. Also, if you are a Grammarly for Education team member, your parents and your school administrator may have the legal right to access your account or delete it.Please note that administrators of a Grammarly team may be able to:Access information in and related to your account, such as usage data.Control your account, including restricting or terminating your access to it.Please contact your organization for more information.European, Swiss, and UK UsersThe information in this section is specific to our European, Swiss, and UK users. Who is Grammarly’s EEA Representative?We’ve appointed VeraSafe as our representative in the EEA for data protection matters. You can contact VeraSafe in matters related to personal information processing using this contact form. Alternatively: For users in the EEA, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe Ireland Ltd, Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road, Cork T23AT2P, Ireland.For users in the UK, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd., 37 Albert Embankment, London SE1 7TL, United Kingdom.Data transfers Information submitted to Grammarly will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States and around the world. If you post or transfer any information to or through our products, then that information will be hosted and accessed in the United States and around the world. Please note that the privacy laws of the United States may be different from those in the place where you are a resident. Where required, we will use appropriate safeguards for transferring data outside of Europe, Switzerland, and the UK. For more information about these transfer mechanisms, please contact us as detailed in the Contact Information section above.Data Privacy Framework: EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Grammarly complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Learn more. Legal basis for processing The EU GDPR and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our use of personal information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal information. We use the following bases: Performance of a contract when we provide you with our products or communicate with you about them. This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products, and process payments.Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, when we improve our products, and when we promote our paid products to you. Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop processing your data for that purpose.Compliance with a legal obligation when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification purposes.Users in California, Nevada, and Brazil This information supplements the information in our Privacy Policy and applies to California, Nevada, and Brazil residents. Summary of information we collectThroughout the Privacy Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of personal information we collect from and about users, the sources of that information, and how we share it. For the categories of personal information we collect, please see the section titled What Personal Information Does Grammarly Collect and Process?. Our service providers and we use the categories of personal information we collect from and about you consistent with the various business and commercial purposes we discuss throughout this Privacy Policy—please see the section titled How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information? for more details. Finally, for information about the categories of third parties with whom we share your information, see the section titled With Whom Does Grammarly Share Your Information?. Rights You may request that we:Provide access to and a copy of certain information we hold about you.Provide you with a summary of the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling such information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared such information.Delete certain information we have about you.You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives we offer you (if any). You also have the right not to be discriminated against, per applicable law, for exercising your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain information to provide our products to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our products.To exercise these rights, please see the Exercising Your Data Rights section of this Privacy Policy.We do not sell personal information to third parties. We do share certain information as described in With Whom Does Grammarly Share Your Information?, and we allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity, for example through cookies, as explained in our Cookie Policy. You can control these cookies through browser settings and other controls; for more information, see our Cookie Policy.Get GrammarlyGrammarly for Your DesktopGrammarly for WindowsGrammarly for MacGrammarly Browser ExtensionGrammarly for ChromeGrammarly for SafariGrammarly for FirefoxGrammarly for EdgeGrammarly for MS OfficeGrammarly for Google DocsGrammarly for MobileGrammarly for iPhoneGrammarly for iPadGrammarly for AndroidLearn MorePlansGrammarly PremiumGrammarly BusinessGrammarly for EducationGenerative AIBlogTech BlogEducation BlogBusiness BlogFeaturesGrammar CheckerPlagiarism CheckerCitation GeneratorEssay CheckerParaphrasing ToolAI Writing ToolsTone DetectorStyle GuideSnippetsAnalyticsBrand TonesCompanyAboutResponsible AICareers & CulturePressAffiliatesPartnersTrust CenterPrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceCustomer Business AgreementCA Privacy NoticeSecurityAccessibilityConnectHelp CenterContact Us Facebook Instagram X LinkedIn2023 © Grammarly Inc. Generative AI assistance for any writing challenge Try It for Free ⟶ Why Grammarly How It WorksOverview Robust, real-time communication assistanceGenerative AI Write, rewrite, get ideas, and quickly reply with AI assistanceWriting Enhancements Features to polish, grammar, tone, clarity, team consistency, and moreTrust & Security You own your dataDemo Try Grammarly, and see how it worksWhere It WorksOverview Writing assistance on 500,000+ apps and sites across your devicesWindows & Mac For desktop apps and websites like Word and GmailBrowser Extension For sites like Google Docs, Gmail, and LinkedInMobile For every Android and iOS appWho We AreAboutResponsible AIPressCareersWe Stand with Ukraine Grammarly stands with our friends, colleagues, and family in Ukraine, and with all people in Ukraine. How It WorksOverview Robust, real-time communication assistanceGenerative AI Write, rewrite, get ideas, and quickly reply with AI assistanceWriting Enhancements Features to polish, grammar, tone, clarity, team consistency, and moreTrust & Security You own your dataDemo Try Grammarly, and see how it works How It Works Overview Robust, real-time communication assistanceGenerative AI Write, rewrite, get ideas, and quickly reply with AI assistanceWriting Enhancements Features to polish, grammar, tone, clarity, team consistency, and moreTrust & Security You own your dataDemo Try Grammarly, and see how it works Overview Robust, real-time communication assistance Overview Robust, real-time communication assistance Generative AI Write, rewrite, get ideas, and quickly reply with AI assistance Generative AI Write, rewrite, get ideas, and quickly reply with AI assistance Writing Enhancements Features to polish, grammar, tone, clarity, team consistency, and more Writing Enhancements Features to polish, grammar, tone, clarity, team consistency, and more Trust & Security You own your data Trust & Security You own your data Demo Try Grammarly, and see how it works Demo Try Grammarly, and see how it works Where It WorksOverview Writing assistance on 500,000+ apps and sites across your devicesWindows & Mac For desktop apps and websites like Word and GmailBrowser Extension For sites like Google Docs, Gmail, and LinkedInMobile For every Android and iOS app Where It Works Overview Writing assistance on 500,000+ apps and sites across your devicesWindows & Mac For desktop apps and websites like Word and GmailBrowser Extension For sites like Google Docs, Gmail, and LinkedInMobile For every Android and iOS app Overview Writing assistance on 500,000+ apps and sites across your devices Writing assistance on 500,000+ apps and sites across your devices Windows & Mac For desktop apps and websites like Word and Gmail Windows & Mac For desktop apps and websites like Word and Gmail Browser Extension For sites like Google Docs, Gmail, and LinkedIn Browser Extension For sites like Google Docs, Gmail, and LinkedIn Mobile For every Android and iOS app Mobile For every Android and iOS app Who We AreAboutResponsible AIPressCareersWe Stand with Ukraine Grammarly stands with our friends, colleagues, and family in Ukraine, and with all people in Ukraine. Who We Are AboutResponsible AIPressCareersWe Stand with Ukraine Grammarly stands with our friends, colleagues, and family in Ukraine, and with all people in Ukraine. About Responsible AI Press Careers We Stand with Ukraine Grammarly stands with our friends, colleagues, and family in Ukraine, and with all people in Ukraine. We Stand with Ukraine Grammarly stands with our friends, colleagues, and family in Ukraine, and with all people in Ukraine. For Work IndividualsTeams & BusinessesSuccess StoriesBusiness Events & Reports Individuals Teams & Businesses Success Stories Business Events & Reports For Education StudentsInstitutionsEducation Events & Reports Students Institutions Education Events & Reports Tools & Guides ToolsDemo Try Grammarly, and see how it worksGrammar Checker Check for grammar, spelling, and punctuation mistakesPlagiarism Checker Check your work for plagiarismCitation Generator Format citations in APA, MLA, and ChicagoAI Writing Tools Create cover letters, emails, and more with AIGuidesWritingGrammarPunctuationBlog ToolsDemo Try Grammarly, and see how it worksGrammar Checker Check for grammar, spelling, and punctuation mistakesPlagiarism Checker Check your work for plagiarismCitation Generator Format citations in APA, MLA, and ChicagoAI Writing Tools Create cover letters, emails, and more with AI Tools Demo Try Grammarly, and see how it worksGrammar Checker Check for grammar, spelling, and punctuation mistakesPlagiarism Checker Check your work for plagiarismCitation Generator Format citations in APA, MLA, and ChicagoAI Writing Tools Create cover letters, emails, and more with AI Grammar Checker Check for grammar, spelling, and punctuation mistakes Grammar Checker Check for grammar, spelling, and punctuation mistakes Plagiarism Checker Check your work for plagiarism Plagiarism Checker Check your work for plagiarism Citation Generator Format citations in APA, MLA, and Chicago Citation Generator Format citations in APA, MLA, and Chicago AI Writing Tools Create cover letters, emails, and more with AI AI Writing Tools Create cover letters, emails, and more with AI GuidesWritingGrammarPunctuationBlog Guides WritingGrammarPunctuationBlog Writing Grammar Punctuation Blog Effective as of September 22, 2023 | Posted: September 19, 2023Privacy Policy(View Previous Version)When you use Grammarly’s products, you’re trusting us to handle your personal information with care. We take that trust seriously. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and protect your personal information. When we refer to our products in this Privacy Policy, we’re referring to all of our products and services, including our apps, websites, and software. If you are a member of a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, please note that your organization controls the information processed for writing suggestions because, in that case, we are acting as a processor on behalf of your organization.SummaryWhile we hope you read this entire Privacy Policy, here is a brief overview of some important points:We don’t and will not sell your data. (read more)We offer a free product and hope you’ll purchase one of our paid products. That’s how we make money. (read more)When you sign up for and use our products, we process your account and—if applicable—payment information. (read more)To provide you with writing suggestions, we process your text. To provide you with an optimized product, we also process some additional information, such as the type of device you’re using. (read more)When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, your use of our products is governed by your organization’s policies. (read more)We use a small number of trusted third parties to help provide our products. (read more)You can exercise your region-specific rights (like GDPR and CCPA rights). (read more) Effective as of September 22, 2023 | Posted: September 19, 2023 Privacy Policy (View Previous Version)When you use Grammarly’s products, you’re trusting us to handle your personal information with care. We take that trust seriously. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and protect your personal information. When we refer to our products in this Privacy Policy, we’re referring to all of our products and services, including our apps, websites, and software. If you are a member of a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, please note that your organization controls the information processed for writing suggestions because, in that case, we are acting as a processor on behalf of your organization.SummaryWhile we hope you read this entire Privacy Policy, here is a brief overview of some important points:We don’t and will not sell your data. (read more)We offer a free product and hope you’ll purchase one of our paid products. That’s how we make money. (read more)When you sign up for and use our products, we process your account and—if applicable—payment information. (read more)To provide you with writing suggestions, we process your text. To provide you with an optimized product, we also process some additional information, such as the type of device you’re using. (read more)When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, your use of our products is governed by your organization’s policies. (read more)We use a small number of trusted third parties to help provide our products. (read more)You can exercise your region-specific rights (like GDPR and CCPA rights). (read more) Summary We don’t and will not sell your data. (read more)We offer a free product and hope you’ll purchase one of our paid products. That’s how we make money. (read more)When you sign up for and use our products, we process your account and—if applicable—payment information. (read more)To provide you with writing suggestions, we process your text. To provide you with an optimized product, we also process some additional information, such as the type of device you’re using. (read more)When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, your use of our products is governed by your organization’s policies. (read more)We use a small number of trusted third parties to help provide our products. (read more)You can exercise your region-specific rights (like GDPR and CCPA rights). (read more) We don’t and will not sell your data. (read more) read more We offer a free product and hope you’ll purchase one of our paid products. That’s how we make money. (read more) When you sign up for and use our products, we process your account and—if applicable—payment information. (read more) To provide you with writing suggestions, we process your text. To provide you with an optimized product, we also process some additional information, such as the type of device you’re using. (read more) When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, your use of our products is governed by your organization’s policies. (read more) We use a small number of trusted third parties to help provide our products. (read more) You can exercise your region-specific rights (like GDPR and CCPA rights). (read more) Table of ContentsHow Does Grammarly Make Money?What Personal Information Does Grammarly Process or Collect?How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information?How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?With Whom Does Grammarly Share Personal Information?Does Grammarly Collect Information from Children?Exercising Your Data RightsWhat Other Policies Apply to the Use of Grammarly’s Products?When and How Will Grammarly Update this Policy?Contact InformationAdditional Information for Users in Specific Regions and Teams Table of Contents How Does Grammarly Make Money?What Personal Information Does Grammarly Process or Collect?How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information?How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?With Whom Does Grammarly Share Personal Information?Does Grammarly Collect Information from Children?Exercising Your Data RightsWhat Other Policies Apply to the Use of Grammarly’s Products?When and How Will Grammarly Update this Policy?Contact InformationAdditional Information for Users in Specific Regions and Teams How Does Grammarly Make Money?What Personal Information Does Grammarly Process or Collect?How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information?How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?With Whom Does Grammarly Share Personal Information?Does Grammarly Collect Information from Children? Exercising Your Data RightsWhat Other Policies Apply to the Use of Grammarly’s Products?When and How Will Grammarly Update this Policy?Contact InformationAdditional Information for Users in Specific Regions and Teams How Does Grammarly Make Money? We offer free and paid products, and we make money from subscriptions of the paid products. We don’t sell your data.What Information Does Grammarly Process or Collect?We process or collect information to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products. The information we collect includes account and payment information you provide, as well as log data and device information that we collect automatically. Here are the categories of information we collect or process: Account information when you sign up for an account, which includes your email address, password, name, and email preferences. If you sign up through a third-party service, like Google or Apple, we’ll collect the information from them that you authorize. Payment information if you are a paying customer, which includes payment transaction history and limited payment card information. If you use PayPal, the Google Play Store, the Apple App Store or another payment processor to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your payment information directly to those providers, not us.Log data and device information, which includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, and operating system and platform.Sales and support data, which is the personal information you share with us when you interact with our customer support and sales teams. User content, which consists of all the text and documents that you upload, enter, or otherwise transmit when you use our products. For information on how we use, process, protect, and store user content, please see How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information and How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?Usage data, which includes information about how you use and interact with our products. For example, we collect usage data to provide you with weekly activity reports. Cookie information and other identifiers to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and provide, protect, and improve our products. For more information, see our Cookie Policy. Note that our products currently do not respond to Do Not Track requests. Third-party information, such as data about organizations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, website visitors, marketing campaigns, and other matters related to our business from affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners, or others that we use to make our information better or more useful. This data may be combined with the other information we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.Names of user contacts in the Grammarly Keyboard (on-device storage only) to make appropriate spelling suggestions. The Grammarly Keyboard may request or obtain access to your contacts’ names on your device. For instance, Grammarly will not try to autocorrect names in your list of contacts. These names will be stored solely on your device within the Grammarly Keyboard app and are never sent to Grammarly servers.Other information you provide directly to us. You may have the option to submit additional information as you use our products. For example, you may choose to participate in surveys where you can provide feedback on the product.How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information?We use your information to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products. The way we use your information depends, in part, on how you use our products and what preferences you set.We use your information for the following specific purposes: Providing Grammarly products to you. We use data to operate our products and provide a rich, interactive experience. For example, we process your user content to show you appropriate writing suggestions.Personalizing Grammarly for you. We use personal information to tailor your Grammarly experience and enhance your communication abilities. For example, if you set up a personal dictionary, we will customize your suggestions to account for your personal dictionary.Providing support to you. We need personal information to resolve issues that you encounter with our products. For example, if you contact our support team, we may need access to account information in order to respond to your request.Troubleshooting and debugging our products. We need data to resolve technical issues that arise with our products. For example, we use log data to track outages.Building and improving our products. We’re continually developing new methods to make our products smarter, faster, more secure, and more helpful. We use data to help us do so. For example, we refer to usage data to help us decide what new features to build.Processing payments. If you are a paying customer, we need payment information to enable your transaction.Promoting our products. We use data to send promotional communications. For example, depending on your location, we may use account information to send you marketing emails about new products or offers, from which you can unsubscribe. Ensuring our and our users’ safety and security. We need personal information to protect Grammarly against fraud and abuse. For example, we may need to use your account information to verify your activity and protect against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity.Supporting and selling our products. We use sales and support data to promote and sell our products to you and to provide you with support. Some of these activities are provided by service providers with whom we have contracted.Complying with legal obligations. We use personal information where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our or others’ legal rights. For example, we may process account information to help you exercise your data protection rights.We use automated and manual processing techniques when using information for these purposes. Our automated methods include artificial intelligence (AI), which is a set of technologies that allow computers to perform tasks that would typically require human knowledge and intelligence. Our manual methods frequently work in conjunction with, and support, our automated methods, and all of our data handling is subject to the security practices described at https://www.grammarly.com/trust. How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?As described in more detail on our Security page, we use a combination of technical, physical, and logical safeguards to secure your data. These safeguards include encryption, secure network configuration, data transfer restrictions, restricted employee access, and several other measures. Grammarly retains personal information for as long as necessary to provide our products to you, to complete the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as to comply with our legal obligations or resolve disputes. When it comes to user content, by default, we process user content associated with your account to provide services to you (for example, writing suggestions). After that, if you did not choose to retain that content, we either delete or de-identify it. With the Grammarly Editor, we will store documents you create until you delete them. For more information, please visit https://www.grammarly.com/trust.Some of our optional product features will provide personalized writing suggestions. When we offer those personalized features to you, we will describe how we use and store your information to provide those features. With Whom Does Grammarly Share Personal Information?We don’t sell your personal information. We do share your information with certain third parties, as described below, to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products and as required by law. Trusted service providers. We use service providers like Amazon Web Services to provide, protect, promote, and improve our products. These trusted third parties are bound by agreements that require them to follow our data privacy and security requirements and only use your data in the way we tell them to. Government agencies, regulators, and other authorized third parties. We may disclose your information to governmental agencies, regulators, and other third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate governmental request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud, harm, or abuse of Grammarly or our users; or (d) perform a task carried out in the public interest.An acquirer of Grammarly’s business or assets. In case of a merger, sale, or reorganization of all or part of our business, information covered by this policy may be transferred in connection with that deal. We’ll notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.Organization IT administrators and representatives. When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, the administrator of that team may access and control your Grammarly account (see Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team Account below). If you created an account using an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may share your email address with the administrators or representatives of that employer or organization to, for example, allow them to invite you to a Grammarly Business team or reach out to them about purchasing Grammarly Business.Other users. If you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account or create an account with an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may suggest you as a potential collaborator to other users of that organization.With your consent or otherwise at your direction. If you consent to share your personal information or otherwise direct us, we may do so.Does Grammarly Collect Personal Information from Children?Unless your Grammarly account is part of a Grammarly for Education team, Grammarly does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we determine we have collected personal information from a child younger than 13 years of age, we will take reasonable measures to remove that information from our systems. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our products. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Policy by making sure that their children do not provide personal information through our products.Please note that in some jurisdictions, the age of digital consent is older than 13. If you are in one of those jurisdictions, you must be at least that age to use our products.Exercising Your Data RightsYou have a number of ways to interact with the personal information that Grammarly processes, including requesting a record of your information, updating or correcting it, and deleting it. Request a personal data report. You can submit an access request for your data by submitting a support ticket through this link. Correct or update your data. You can update your name, email address, and language preference through your Grammarly account settings. If you registered for Grammarly using Google or Facebook, or if you otherwise have problems updating this information, please submit a support ticket. Stop us from processing your personal information. You can ask us to stop using your personal information for marketing emails by clicking “unsubscribe” on the emails you receive. In order to stop all processing of your personal information, you can delete your account. Delete your data. You can remove your personal information from Grammarly by deleting your account. Move your data out of Grammarly. You can download the documents you’ve stored in your Grammarly account by following the steps here. You can download your billing receipts by following the instructions here and download a copy of your document statistics by following the instructions here. Lodge a complaint. If you’re based in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.What Other Policies Apply to the Use of Grammarly’s Products?When you use Grammarly’s products, your use is subject to our Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. Our Terms of Service include provisions governing how to resolve disputes, our limited warranties, and limitations on damages. When and How Will Grammarly Update this Policy?We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of your information without giving you advance notice. You must keep your email address up to date because we may use that email address to provide you with notice of any updates. We may also provide an update via an in-product notification. When our business or privacy regulations change, we will update this Privacy Policy accordingly. You should check this Privacy Policy page to see recent changes. Contact InformationYou can contact us with any questions relating to this Privacy Policy by submitting a help desk request here, by emailing privacy@grammarly.com, or by contacting us via postal mail at Grammarly, Inc., 548 Market Street, #35410, San Francisco, CA 94104.Additional Information for Users in Specific Regions and Teams Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team AccountIf you use a Grammarly product (for example, Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education) made available to you through an organization (for example, your employer), your use of our product is subject to that organization’s policies (if any), and you should direct any privacy inquiries to your organization’s administrator. Grammarly is not responsible for your organization’s privacy or security practices, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. Also, if you are a Grammarly for Education team member, your parents and your school administrator may have the legal right to access your account or delete it.Please note that administrators of a Grammarly team may be able to:Access information in and related to your account, such as usage data.Control your account, including restricting or terminating your access to it.Please contact your organization for more information.European, Swiss, and UK UsersThe information in this section is specific to our European, Swiss, and UK users. Who is Grammarly’s EEA Representative?We’ve appointed VeraSafe as our representative in the EEA for data protection matters. You can contact VeraSafe in matters related to personal information processing using this contact form. Alternatively: For users in the EEA, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe Ireland Ltd, Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road, Cork T23AT2P, Ireland.For users in the UK, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd., 37 Albert Embankment, London SE1 7TL, United Kingdom.Data transfers Information submitted to Grammarly will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States and around the world. If you post or transfer any information to or through our products, then that information will be hosted and accessed in the United States and around the world. Please note that the privacy laws of the United States may be different from those in the place where you are a resident. Where required, we will use appropriate safeguards for transferring data outside of Europe, Switzerland, and the UK. For more information about these transfer mechanisms, please contact us as detailed in the Contact Information section above.Data Privacy Framework: EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Grammarly complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Learn more. Legal basis for processing The EU GDPR and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our use of personal information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal information. We use the following bases: Performance of a contract when we provide you with our products or communicate with you about them. This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products, and process payments.Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, when we improve our products, and when we promote our paid products to you. Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop processing your data for that purpose.Compliance with a legal obligation when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification purposes.Users in California, Nevada, and Brazil This information supplements the information in our Privacy Policy and applies to California, Nevada, and Brazil residents. Summary of information we collectThroughout the Privacy Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of personal information we collect from and about users, the sources of that information, and how we share it. For the categories of personal information we collect, please see the section titled What Personal Information Does Grammarly Collect and Process?. Our service providers and we use the categories of personal information we collect from and about you consistent with the various business and commercial purposes we discuss throughout this Privacy Policy—please see the section titled How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information? for more details. Finally, for information about the categories of third parties with whom we share your information, see the section titled With Whom Does Grammarly Share Your Information?. Rights You may request that we:Provide access to and a copy of certain information we hold about you.Provide you with a summary of the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling such information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared such information.Delete certain information we have about you.You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives we offer you (if any). You also have the right not to be discriminated against, per applicable law, for exercising your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain information to provide our products to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our products.To exercise these rights, please see the Exercising Your Data Rights section of this Privacy Policy.We do not sell personal information to third parties. We do share certain information as described in With Whom Does Grammarly Share Your Information?, and we allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity, for example through cookies, as explained in our Cookie Policy. You can control these cookies through browser settings and other controls; for more information, see our Cookie Policy. How Does Grammarly Make Money? We offer free and paid products, and we make money from subscriptions of the paid products. We don’t sell your data. How Does Grammarly Make Money? We offer free and paid products, and we make money from subscriptions of the paid products. We don’t sell your data. What Information Does Grammarly Process or Collect?We process or collect information to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products. The information we collect includes account and payment information you provide, as well as log data and device information that we collect automatically. Here are the categories of information we collect or process: Account information when you sign up for an account, which includes your email address, password, name, and email preferences. If you sign up through a third-party service, like Google or Apple, we’ll collect the information from them that you authorize. Payment information if you are a paying customer, which includes payment transaction history and limited payment card information. If you use PayPal, the Google Play Store, the Apple App Store or another payment processor to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your payment information directly to those providers, not us.Log data and device information, which includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, and operating system and platform.Sales and support data, which is the personal information you share with us when you interact with our customer support and sales teams. User content, which consists of all the text and documents that you upload, enter, or otherwise transmit when you use our products. For information on how we use, process, protect, and store user content, please see How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information and How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?Usage data, which includes information about how you use and interact with our products. For example, we collect usage data to provide you with weekly activity reports. Cookie information and other identifiers to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and provide, protect, and improve our products. For more information, see our Cookie Policy. Note that our products currently do not respond to Do Not Track requests. Third-party information, such as data about organizations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, website visitors, marketing campaigns, and other matters related to our business from affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners, or others that we use to make our information better or more useful. This data may be combined with the other information we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.Names of user contacts in the Grammarly Keyboard (on-device storage only) to make appropriate spelling suggestions. The Grammarly Keyboard may request or obtain access to your contacts’ names on your device. For instance, Grammarly will not try to autocorrect names in your list of contacts. These names will be stored solely on your device within the Grammarly Keyboard app and are never sent to Grammarly servers.Other information you provide directly to us. You may have the option to submit additional information as you use our products. For example, you may choose to participate in surveys where you can provide feedback on the product. What Information Does Grammarly Process or Collect? We process or collect information to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products. The information we collect includes account and payment information you provide, as well as log data and device information that we collect automatically. Here are the categories of information we collect or process: Account information when you sign up for an account, which includes your email address, password, name, and email preferences. If you sign up through a third-party service, like Google or Apple, we’ll collect the information from them that you authorize. Payment information if you are a paying customer, which includes payment transaction history and limited payment card information. If you use PayPal, the Google Play Store, the Apple App Store or another payment processor to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your payment information directly to those providers, not us.Log data and device information, which includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, and operating system and platform.Sales and support data, which is the personal information you share with us when you interact with our customer support and sales teams. User content, which consists of all the text and documents that you upload, enter, or otherwise transmit when you use our products. For information on how we use, process, protect, and store user content, please see How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information and How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?Usage data, which includes information about how you use and interact with our products. For example, we collect usage data to provide you with weekly activity reports. Cookie information and other identifiers to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and provide, protect, and improve our products. For more information, see our Cookie Policy. Note that our products currently do not respond to Do Not Track requests. Third-party information, such as data about organizations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, website visitors, marketing campaigns, and other matters related to our business from affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners, or others that we use to make our information better or more useful. This data may be combined with the other information we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.Names of user contacts in the Grammarly Keyboard (on-device storage only) to make appropriate spelling suggestions. The Grammarly Keyboard may request or obtain access to your contacts’ names on your device. For instance, Grammarly will not try to autocorrect names in your list of contacts. These names will be stored solely on your device within the Grammarly Keyboard app and are never sent to Grammarly servers.Other information you provide directly to us. You may have the option to submit additional information as you use our products. For example, you may choose to participate in surveys where you can provide feedback on the product. Account information when you sign up for an account, which includes your email address, password, name, and email preferences. If you sign up through a third-party service, like Google or Apple, we’ll collect the information from them that you authorize. Payment information if you are a paying customer, which includes payment transaction history and limited payment card information. If you use PayPal, the Google Play Store, the Apple App Store or another payment processor to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your payment information directly to those providers, not us.Log data and device information, which includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, and operating system and platform.Sales and support data, which is the personal information you share with us when you interact with our customer support and sales teams. User content, which consists of all the text and documents that you upload, enter, or otherwise transmit when you use our products. For information on how we use, process, protect, and store user content, please see How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information and How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?Usage data, which includes information about how you use and interact with our products. For example, we collect usage data to provide you with weekly activity reports. Cookie information and other identifiers to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and provide, protect, and improve our products. For more information, see our Cookie Policy. Note that our products currently do not respond to Do Not Track requests. Third-party information, such as data about organizations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, website visitors, marketing campaigns, and other matters related to our business from affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners, or others that we use to make our information better or more useful. This data may be combined with the other information we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.Names of user contacts in the Grammarly Keyboard (on-device storage only) to make appropriate spelling suggestions. The Grammarly Keyboard may request or obtain access to your contacts’ names on your device. For instance, Grammarly will not try to autocorrect names in your list of contacts. These names will be stored solely on your device within the Grammarly Keyboard app and are never sent to Grammarly servers.Other information you provide directly to us. You may have the option to submit additional information as you use our products. For example, you may choose to participate in surveys where you can provide feedback on the product. Account information when you sign up for an account, which includes your email address, password, name, and email preferences. If you sign up through a third-party service, like Google or Apple, we’ll collect the information from them that you authorize. Account information Payment information if you are a paying customer, which includes payment transaction history and limited payment card information. If you use PayPal, the Google Play Store, the Apple App Store or another payment processor to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your payment information directly to those providers, not us. Payment information Log data and device information, which includes internet protocol (IP) address, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, and operating system and platform. Log data and device information Sales and support data, which is the personal information you share with us when you interact with our customer support and sales teams. Sales and support data User content, which consists of all the text and documents that you upload, enter, or otherwise transmit when you use our products. For information on how we use, process, protect, and store user content, please see How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information and How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information? User content Usage data, which includes information about how you use and interact with our products. For example, we collect usage data to provide you with weekly activity reports. Usage data Cookie information and other identifiers to enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and provide, protect, and improve our products. For more information, see our Cookie Policy. Note that our products currently do not respond to Do Not Track requests. Cookie information and other identifiers Cookie Policy Third-party information, such as data about organizations, industries, lists of companies that are customers, website visitors, marketing campaigns, and other matters related to our business from affiliates and subsidiaries, our partners, or others that we use to make our information better or more useful. This data may be combined with the other information we collect and might include aggregate-level data, such as which IP addresses correspond to zip codes or countries. Or it might be more specific: for example, how well an online marketing or email campaign performed. Third-party information Names of user contacts in the Grammarly Keyboard (on-device storage only) to make appropriate spelling suggestions. The Grammarly Keyboard may request or obtain access to your contacts’ names on your device. For instance, Grammarly will not try to autocorrect names in your list of contacts. These names will be stored solely on your device within the Grammarly Keyboard app and are never sent to Grammarly servers. Names of user contacts in the Grammarly Keyboard (on-device storage only) Other information you provide directly to us. You may have the option to submit additional information as you use our products. For example, you may choose to participate in surveys where you can provide feedback on the product. Other information you provide directly to us. How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information?We use your information to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products. The way we use your information depends, in part, on how you use our products and what preferences you set.We use your information for the following specific purposes: Providing Grammarly products to you. We use data to operate our products and provide a rich, interactive experience. For example, we process your user content to show you appropriate writing suggestions.Personalizing Grammarly for you. We use personal information to tailor your Grammarly experience and enhance your communication abilities. For example, if you set up a personal dictionary, we will customize your suggestions to account for your personal dictionary.Providing support to you. We need personal information to resolve issues that you encounter with our products. For example, if you contact our support team, we may need access to account information in order to respond to your request.Troubleshooting and debugging our products. We need data to resolve technical issues that arise with our products. For example, we use log data to track outages.Building and improving our products. We’re continually developing new methods to make our products smarter, faster, more secure, and more helpful. We use data to help us do so. For example, we refer to usage data to help us decide what new features to build.Processing payments. If you are a paying customer, we need payment information to enable your transaction.Promoting our products. We use data to send promotional communications. For example, depending on your location, we may use account information to send you marketing emails about new products or offers, from which you can unsubscribe. Ensuring our and our users’ safety and security. We need personal information to protect Grammarly against fraud and abuse. For example, we may need to use your account information to verify your activity and protect against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity.Supporting and selling our products. We use sales and support data to promote and sell our products to you and to provide you with support. Some of these activities are provided by service providers with whom we have contracted.Complying with legal obligations. We use personal information where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our or others’ legal rights. For example, we may process account information to help you exercise your data protection rights.We use automated and manual processing techniques when using information for these purposes. Our automated methods include artificial intelligence (AI), which is a set of technologies that allow computers to perform tasks that would typically require human knowledge and intelligence. Our manual methods frequently work in conjunction with, and support, our automated methods, and all of our data handling is subject to the security practices described at https://www.grammarly.com/trust. How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information? We use your information to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products. The way we use your information depends, in part, on how you use our products and what preferences you set.We use your information for the following specific purposes: Providing Grammarly products to you. We use data to operate our products and provide a rich, interactive experience. For example, we process your user content to show you appropriate writing suggestions.Personalizing Grammarly for you. We use personal information to tailor your Grammarly experience and enhance your communication abilities. For example, if you set up a personal dictionary, we will customize your suggestions to account for your personal dictionary.Providing support to you. We need personal information to resolve issues that you encounter with our products. For example, if you contact our support team, we may need access to account information in order to respond to your request.Troubleshooting and debugging our products. We need data to resolve technical issues that arise with our products. For example, we use log data to track outages.Building and improving our products. We’re continually developing new methods to make our products smarter, faster, more secure, and more helpful. We use data to help us do so. For example, we refer to usage data to help us decide what new features to build.Processing payments. If you are a paying customer, we need payment information to enable your transaction.Promoting our products. We use data to send promotional communications. For example, depending on your location, we may use account information to send you marketing emails about new products or offers, from which you can unsubscribe. Ensuring our and our users’ safety and security. We need personal information to protect Grammarly against fraud and abuse. For example, we may need to use your account information to verify your activity and protect against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity.Supporting and selling our products. We use sales and support data to promote and sell our products to you and to provide you with support. Some of these activities are provided by service providers with whom we have contracted.Complying with legal obligations. We use personal information where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our or others’ legal rights. For example, we may process account information to help you exercise your data protection rights.We use automated and manual processing techniques when using information for these purposes. Our automated methods include artificial intelligence (AI), which is a set of technologies that allow computers to perform tasks that would typically require human knowledge and intelligence. Our manual methods frequently work in conjunction with, and support, our automated methods, and all of our data handling is subject to the security practices described at https://www.grammarly.com/trust. Providing Grammarly products to you. We use data to operate our products and provide a rich, interactive experience. For example, we process your user content to show you appropriate writing suggestions.Personalizing Grammarly for you. We use personal information to tailor your Grammarly experience and enhance your communication abilities. For example, if you set up a personal dictionary, we will customize your suggestions to account for your personal dictionary.Providing support to you. We need personal information to resolve issues that you encounter with our products. For example, if you contact our support team, we may need access to account information in order to respond to your request.Troubleshooting and debugging our products. We need data to resolve technical issues that arise with our products. For example, we use log data to track outages.Building and improving our products. We’re continually developing new methods to make our products smarter, faster, more secure, and more helpful. We use data to help us do so. For example, we refer to usage data to help us decide what new features to build.Processing payments. If you are a paying customer, we need payment information to enable your transaction.Promoting our products. We use data to send promotional communications. For example, depending on your location, we may use account information to send you marketing emails about new products or offers, from which you can unsubscribe. Ensuring our and our users’ safety and security. We need personal information to protect Grammarly against fraud and abuse. For example, we may need to use your account information to verify your activity and protect against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity.Supporting and selling our products. We use sales and support data to promote and sell our products to you and to provide you with support. Some of these activities are provided by service providers with whom we have contracted.Complying with legal obligations. We use personal information where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our or others’ legal rights. For example, we may process account information to help you exercise your data protection rights. Providing Grammarly products to you. We use data to operate our products and provide a rich, interactive experience. For example, we process your user content to show you appropriate writing suggestions. Providing Grammarly products to you. Personalizing Grammarly for you. We use personal information to tailor your Grammarly experience and enhance your communication abilities. For example, if you set up a personal dictionary, we will customize your suggestions to account for your personal dictionary. Personalizing Grammarly for you. Providing support to you. We need personal information to resolve issues that you encounter with our products. For example, if you contact our support team, we may need access to account information in order to respond to your request. Providing support to you. Troubleshooting and debugging our products. We need data to resolve technical issues that arise with our products. For example, we use log data to track outages. Troubleshooting and debugging our products. Building and improving our products. We’re continually developing new methods to make our products smarter, faster, more secure, and more helpful. We use data to help us do so. For example, we refer to usage data to help us decide what new features to build. Building and improving our products. Processing payments. If you are a paying customer, we need payment information to enable your transaction. Processing payments. Promoting our products. We use data to send promotional communications. For example, depending on your location, we may use account information to send you marketing emails about new products or offers, from which you can unsubscribe. Promoting our products. Ensuring our and our users’ safety and security. We need personal information to protect Grammarly against fraud and abuse. For example, we may need to use your account information to verify your activity and protect against malicious, deceptive, or illegal activity. Ensuring our and our users’ safety and security. Supporting and selling our products. We use sales and support data to promote and sell our products to you and to provide you with support. Some of these activities are provided by service providers with whom we have contracted. Supporting and selling our products Complying with legal obligations. We use personal information where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our or others’ legal rights. For example, we may process account information to help you exercise your data protection rights. Complying with legal obligations. https://www.grammarly.com/trust How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information?As described in more detail on our Security page, we use a combination of technical, physical, and logical safeguards to secure your data. These safeguards include encryption, secure network configuration, data transfer restrictions, restricted employee access, and several other measures. Grammarly retains personal information for as long as necessary to provide our products to you, to complete the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as to comply with our legal obligations or resolve disputes. When it comes to user content, by default, we process user content associated with your account to provide services to you (for example, writing suggestions). After that, if you did not choose to retain that content, we either delete or de-identify it. With the Grammarly Editor, we will store documents you create until you delete them. For more information, please visit https://www.grammarly.com/trust.Some of our optional product features will provide personalized writing suggestions. When we offer those personalized features to you, we will describe how we use and store your information to provide those features. How Does Grammarly Secure and Store Personal Information? As described in more detail on our Security page, we use a combination of technical, physical, and logical safeguards to secure your data. These safeguards include encryption, secure network configuration, data transfer restrictions, restricted employee access, and several other measures. Grammarly retains personal information for as long as necessary to provide our products to you, to complete the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as to comply with our legal obligations or resolve disputes. When it comes to user content, by default, we process user content associated with your account to provide services to you (for example, writing suggestions). After that, if you did not choose to retain that content, we either delete or de-identify it. With the Grammarly Editor, we will store documents you create until you delete them. For more information, please visit https://www.grammarly.com/trust.Some of our optional product features will provide personalized writing suggestions. When we offer those personalized features to you, we will describe how we use and store your information to provide those features. Security page With Whom Does Grammarly Share Personal Information?We don’t sell your personal information. We do share your information with certain third parties, as described below, to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products and as required by law. Trusted service providers. We use service providers like Amazon Web Services to provide, protect, promote, and improve our products. These trusted third parties are bound by agreements that require them to follow our data privacy and security requirements and only use your data in the way we tell them to. Government agencies, regulators, and other authorized third parties. We may disclose your information to governmental agencies, regulators, and other third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate governmental request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud, harm, or abuse of Grammarly or our users; or (d) perform a task carried out in the public interest.An acquirer of Grammarly’s business or assets. In case of a merger, sale, or reorganization of all or part of our business, information covered by this policy may be transferred in connection with that deal. We’ll notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.Organization IT administrators and representatives. When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, the administrator of that team may access and control your Grammarly account (see Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team Account below). If you created an account using an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may share your email address with the administrators or representatives of that employer or organization to, for example, allow them to invite you to a Grammarly Business team or reach out to them about purchasing Grammarly Business.Other users. If you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account or create an account with an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may suggest you as a potential collaborator to other users of that organization.With your consent or otherwise at your direction. If you consent to share your personal information or otherwise direct us, we may do so. With Whom Does Grammarly Share Personal Information? We don’t sell your personal information. We do share your information with certain third parties, as described below, to provide, build, protect, improve, and promote our products and as required by law. Trusted service providers. We use service providers like Amazon Web Services to provide, protect, promote, and improve our products. These trusted third parties are bound by agreements that require them to follow our data privacy and security requirements and only use your data in the way we tell them to. Government agencies, regulators, and other authorized third parties. We may disclose your information to governmental agencies, regulators, and other third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate governmental request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud, harm, or abuse of Grammarly or our users; or (d) perform a task carried out in the public interest.An acquirer of Grammarly’s business or assets. In case of a merger, sale, or reorganization of all or part of our business, information covered by this policy may be transferred in connection with that deal. We’ll notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.Organization IT administrators and representatives. When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, the administrator of that team may access and control your Grammarly account (see Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team Account below). If you created an account using an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may share your email address with the administrators or representatives of that employer or organization to, for example, allow them to invite you to a Grammarly Business team or reach out to them about purchasing Grammarly Business.Other users. If you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account or create an account with an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may suggest you as a potential collaborator to other users of that organization.With your consent or otherwise at your direction. If you consent to share your personal information or otherwise direct us, we may do so. Trusted service providers. We use service providers like Amazon Web Services to provide, protect, promote, and improve our products. These trusted third parties are bound by agreements that require them to follow our data privacy and security requirements and only use your data in the way we tell them to. Government agencies, regulators, and other authorized third parties. We may disclose your information to governmental agencies, regulators, and other third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate governmental request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud, harm, or abuse of Grammarly or our users; or (d) perform a task carried out in the public interest.An acquirer of Grammarly’s business or assets. In case of a merger, sale, or reorganization of all or part of our business, information covered by this policy may be transferred in connection with that deal. We’ll notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event.Organization IT administrators and representatives. When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, the administrator of that team may access and control your Grammarly account (see Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team Account below). If you created an account using an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may share your email address with the administrators or representatives of that employer or organization to, for example, allow them to invite you to a Grammarly Business team or reach out to them about purchasing Grammarly Business.Other users. If you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account or create an account with an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may suggest you as a potential collaborator to other users of that organization.With your consent or otherwise at your direction. If you consent to share your personal information or otherwise direct us, we may do so. Trusted service providers. We use service providers like Amazon Web Services to provide, protect, promote, and improve our products. These trusted third parties are bound by agreements that require them to follow our data privacy and security requirements and only use your data in the way we tell them to. Trusted service providers. Government agencies, regulators, and other authorized third parties. We may disclose your information to governmental agencies, regulators, and other third parties if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or appropriate governmental request; (b) protect any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud, harm, or abuse of Grammarly or our users; or (d) perform a task carried out in the public interest. Government agencies, regulators, and other authorized third parties. An acquirer of Grammarly’s business or assets. In case of a merger, sale, or reorganization of all or part of our business, information covered by this policy may be transferred in connection with that deal. We’ll notify you (for example, via a message to the email address associated with your account) of any such deal and outline your choices in that event. An acquirer of Grammarly’s business or assets. Organization IT administrators and representatives. When you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account, the administrator of that team may access and control your Grammarly account (see Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team Account below). If you created an account using an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may share your email address with the administrators or representatives of that employer or organization to, for example, allow them to invite you to a Grammarly Business team or reach out to them about purchasing Grammarly Business. Organization IT administrators and representatives. Other users. If you join a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education team account or create an account with an email address belonging to your employer or organization, we may suggest you as a potential collaborator to other users of that organization. Other users. With your consent or otherwise at your direction. If you consent to share your personal information or otherwise direct us, we may do so. With your consent or otherwise at your direction. Does Grammarly Collect Personal Information from Children?Unless your Grammarly account is part of a Grammarly for Education team, Grammarly does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we determine we have collected personal information from a child younger than 13 years of age, we will take reasonable measures to remove that information from our systems. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our products. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Policy by making sure that their children do not provide personal information through our products.Please note that in some jurisdictions, the age of digital consent is older than 13. If you are in one of those jurisdictions, you must be at least that age to use our products. Does Grammarly Collect Personal Information from Children? Unless your Grammarly account is part of a Grammarly for Education team, Grammarly does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we determine we have collected personal information from a child younger than 13 years of age, we will take reasonable measures to remove that information from our systems. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information through our products. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Policy by making sure that their children do not provide personal information through our products.Please note that in some jurisdictions, the age of digital consent is older than 13. If you are in one of those jurisdictions, you must be at least that age to use our products. Exercising Your Data RightsYou have a number of ways to interact with the personal information that Grammarly processes, including requesting a record of your information, updating or correcting it, and deleting it. Request a personal data report. You can submit an access request for your data by submitting a support ticket through this link. Correct or update your data. You can update your name, email address, and language preference through your Grammarly account settings. If you registered for Grammarly using Google or Facebook, or if you otherwise have problems updating this information, please submit a support ticket. Stop us from processing your personal information. You can ask us to stop using your personal information for marketing emails by clicking “unsubscribe” on the emails you receive. In order to stop all processing of your personal information, you can delete your account. Delete your data. You can remove your personal information from Grammarly by deleting your account. Move your data out of Grammarly. You can download the documents you’ve stored in your Grammarly account by following the steps here. You can download your billing receipts by following the instructions here and download a copy of your document statistics by following the instructions here. Lodge a complaint. If you’re based in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. Exercising Your Data Rights You have a number of ways to interact with the personal information that Grammarly processes, including requesting a record of your information, updating or correcting it, and deleting it. Request a personal data report. You can submit an access request for your data by submitting a support ticket through this link. Correct or update your data. You can update your name, email address, and language preference through your Grammarly account settings. If you registered for Grammarly using Google or Facebook, or if you otherwise have problems updating this information, please submit a support ticket. Stop us from processing your personal information. You can ask us to stop using your personal information for marketing emails by clicking “unsubscribe” on the emails you receive. In order to stop all processing of your personal information, you can delete your account. Delete your data. You can remove your personal information from Grammarly by deleting your account. Move your data out of Grammarly. You can download the documents you’ve stored in your Grammarly account by following the steps here. You can download your billing receipts by following the instructions here and download a copy of your document statistics by following the instructions here. Lodge a complaint. If you’re based in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. Request a personal data report. You can submit an access request for your data by submitting a support ticket through this link. Correct or update your data. You can update your name, email address, and language preference through your Grammarly account settings. If you registered for Grammarly using Google or Facebook, or if you otherwise have problems updating this information, please submit a support ticket. Stop us from processing your personal information. You can ask us to stop using your personal information for marketing emails by clicking “unsubscribe” on the emails you receive. In order to stop all processing of your personal information, you can delete your account. Delete your data. You can remove your personal information from Grammarly by deleting your account. Move your data out of Grammarly. You can download the documents you’ve stored in your Grammarly account by following the steps here. You can download your billing receipts by following the instructions here and download a copy of your document statistics by following the instructions here. Lodge a complaint. If you’re based in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. Request a personal data report. You can submit an access request for your data by submitting a support ticket through this link. Request a personal data report. this link Correct or update your data. You can update your name, email address, and language preference through your Grammarly account settings. If you registered for Grammarly using Google or Facebook, or if you otherwise have problems updating this information, please submit a support ticket. Correct or update your data. submit a support ticket Stop us from processing your personal information. You can ask us to stop using your personal information for marketing emails by clicking “unsubscribe” on the emails you receive. In order to stop all processing of your personal information, you can delete your account. Stop us from processing your personal information. delete your account Delete your data. You can remove your personal information from Grammarly by deleting your account. Delete your data. deleting your account Move your data out of Grammarly. You can download the documents you’ve stored in your Grammarly account by following the steps here. You can download your billing receipts by following the instructions here and download a copy of your document statistics by following the instructions here. Move your data out of Grammarly. here Lodge a complaint. If you’re based in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK and think that we haven’t complied with data protection laws, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. Lodge a complaint. What Other Policies Apply to the Use of Grammarly’s Products?When you use Grammarly’s products, your use is subject to our Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. Our Terms of Service include provisions governing how to resolve disputes, our limited warranties, and limitations on damages. What Other Policies Apply to the Use of Grammarly’s Products? When you use Grammarly’s products, your use is subject to our Terms of Service and Acceptable Use Policy. Our Terms of Service include provisions governing how to resolve disputes, our limited warranties, and limitations on damages. Terms of Service Acceptable Use Policy When and How Will Grammarly Update this Policy?We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of your information without giving you advance notice. You must keep your email address up to date because we may use that email address to provide you with notice of any updates. We may also provide an update via an in-product notification. When our business or privacy regulations change, we will update this Privacy Policy accordingly. You should check this Privacy Policy page to see recent changes. When and How Will Grammarly Update this Policy? We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of your information without giving you advance notice. You must keep your email address up to date because we may use that email address to provide you with notice of any updates. We may also provide an update via an in-product notification. When our business or privacy regulations change, we will update this Privacy Policy accordingly. You should check this Privacy Policy page to see recent changes. Contact InformationYou can contact us with any questions relating to this Privacy Policy by submitting a help desk request here, by emailing privacy@grammarly.com, or by contacting us via postal mail at Grammarly, Inc., 548 Market Street, #35410, San Francisco, CA 94104. Contact Information You can contact us with any questions relating to this Privacy Policy by submitting a help desk request here, by emailing privacy@grammarly.com, or by contacting us via postal mail at Grammarly, Inc., 548 Market Street, #35410, San Francisco, CA 94104. privacy@grammarly.com Additional Information for Users in Specific Regions and Teams Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team AccountIf you use a Grammarly product (for example, Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education) made available to you through an organization (for example, your employer), your use of our product is subject to that organization’s policies (if any), and you should direct any privacy inquiries to your organization’s administrator. Grammarly is not responsible for your organization’s privacy or security practices, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. Also, if you are a Grammarly for Education team member, your parents and your school administrator may have the legal right to access your account or delete it.Please note that administrators of a Grammarly team may be able to:Access information in and related to your account, such as usage data.Control your account, including restricting or terminating your access to it.Please contact your organization for more information. Additional Information for Users in Specific Regions and Teams Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team AccountIf you use a Grammarly product (for example, Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education) made available to you through an organization (for example, your employer), your use of our product is subject to that organization’s policies (if any), and you should direct any privacy inquiries to your organization’s administrator. Grammarly is not responsible for your organization’s privacy or security practices, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. Also, if you are a Grammarly for Education team member, your parents and your school administrator may have the legal right to access your account or delete it.Please note that administrators of a Grammarly team may be able to:Access information in and related to your account, such as usage data.Control your account, including restricting or terminating your access to it.Please contact your organization for more information. Notice to End Users on a Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education Team Account If you use a Grammarly product (for example, Grammarly Business or Grammarly for Education) made available to you through an organization (for example, your employer), your use of our product is subject to that organization’s policies (if any), and you should direct any privacy inquiries to your organization’s administrator. Grammarly is not responsible for your organization’s privacy or security practices, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. Also, if you are a Grammarly for Education team member, your parents and your school administrator may have the legal right to access your account or delete it.Please note that administrators of a Grammarly team may be able to:Access information in and related to your account, such as usage data.Control your account, including restricting or terminating your access to it.Please contact your organization for more information. Access information in and related to your account, such as usage data.Control your account, including restricting or terminating your access to it. Access information in and related to your account, such as usage data. Control your account, including restricting or terminating your access to it. European, Swiss, and UK UsersThe information in this section is specific to our European, Swiss, and UK users. Who is Grammarly’s EEA Representative?We’ve appointed VeraSafe as our representative in the EEA for data protection matters. You can contact VeraSafe in matters related to personal information processing using this contact form. Alternatively: For users in the EEA, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe Ireland Ltd, Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road, Cork T23AT2P, Ireland.For users in the UK, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd., 37 Albert Embankment, London SE1 7TL, United Kingdom.Data transfers Information submitted to Grammarly will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States and around the world. If you post or transfer any information to or through our products, then that information will be hosted and accessed in the United States and around the world. Please note that the privacy laws of the United States may be different from those in the place where you are a resident. Where required, we will use appropriate safeguards for transferring data outside of Europe, Switzerland, and the UK. For more information about these transfer mechanisms, please contact us as detailed in the Contact Information section above.Data Privacy Framework: EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Grammarly complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Learn more. Legal basis for processing The EU GDPR and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our use of personal information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal information. We use the following bases: Performance of a contract when we provide you with our products or communicate with you about them. This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products, and process payments.Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, when we improve our products, and when we promote our paid products to you. Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop processing your data for that purpose.Compliance with a legal obligation when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification purposes. European, Swiss, and UK Users The information in this section is specific to our European, Swiss, and UK users. Who is Grammarly’s EEA Representative?We’ve appointed VeraSafe as our representative in the EEA for data protection matters. You can contact VeraSafe in matters related to personal information processing using this contact form. Alternatively: For users in the EEA, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe Ireland Ltd, Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road, Cork T23AT2P, Ireland.For users in the UK, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd., 37 Albert Embankment, London SE1 7TL, United Kingdom.Data transfers Information submitted to Grammarly will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States and around the world. If you post or transfer any information to or through our products, then that information will be hosted and accessed in the United States and around the world. Please note that the privacy laws of the United States may be different from those in the place where you are a resident. Where required, we will use appropriate safeguards for transferring data outside of Europe, Switzerland, and the UK. For more information about these transfer mechanisms, please contact us as detailed in the Contact Information section above.Data Privacy Framework: EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Grammarly complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Learn more. Legal basis for processing The EU GDPR and UK data protection laws require a legal basis for our use of personal information. Our basis varies depending on the specific purpose for which we use personal information. We use the following bases: Performance of a contract when we provide you with our products or communicate with you about them. This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products, and process payments.Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, when we improve our products, and when we promote our paid products to you. Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop processing your data for that purpose.Compliance with a legal obligation when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification purposes. this contact form For users in the EEA, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe Ireland Ltd, Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road, Cork T23AT2P, Ireland.For users in the UK, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd., 37 Albert Embankment, London SE1 7TL, United Kingdom. For users in the EEA, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe Ireland Ltd, Unit 3D North Point House, North Point Business Park, New Mallow Road, Cork T23AT2P, Ireland. For users in the EEA, For users in the UK, you can contact VeraSafe at VeraSafe United Kingdom Ltd., 37 Albert Embankment, London SE1 7TL, United Kingdom. For users in the UK, Performance of a contract when we provide you with our products or communicate with you about them. This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products, and process payments.Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, when we improve our products, and when we promote our paid products to you. Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop processing your data for that purpose.Compliance with a legal obligation when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification purposes. Performance of a contract when we provide you with our products or communicate with you about them. This includes when we use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products, and process payments. Performance of a contract Our legitimate business interests and the interests of our customers when we detect and prevent fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, ourselves, or others, when we improve our products, and when we promote our paid products to you. Our legitimate business interests Your consent when we ask for your consent to process your personal information for a specific purpose that we communicate to you. When you consent to our processing your personal information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time, and we will stop processing your data for that purpose. Your consent Compliance with a legal obligation when we use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification purposes. Compliance with a legal obligation Users in California, Nevada, and Brazil This information supplements the information in our Privacy Policy and applies to California, Nevada, and Brazil residents. Summary of information we collectThroughout the Privacy Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of personal information we collect from and about users, the sources of that information, and how we share it. For the categories of personal information we collect, please see the section titled What Personal Information Does Grammarly Collect and Process?. Our service providers and we use the categories of personal information we collect from and about you consistent with the various business and commercial purposes we discuss throughout this Privacy Policy—please see the section titled How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information? for more details. Finally, for information about the categories of third parties with whom we share your information, see the section titled With Whom Does Grammarly Share Your Information?. Rights You may request that we:Provide access to and a copy of certain information we hold about you.Provide you with a summary of the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling such information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared such information.Delete certain information we have about you.You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives we offer you (if any). You also have the right not to be discriminated against, per applicable law, for exercising your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain information to provide our products to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our products.To exercise these rights, please see the Exercising Your Data Rights section of this Privacy Policy.We do not sell personal information to third parties. We do share certain information as described in With Whom Does Grammarly Share Your Information?, and we allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity, for example through cookies, as explained in our Cookie Policy. You can control these cookies through browser settings and other controls; for more information, see our Cookie Policy. Users in California, Nevada, and Brazil This information supplements the information in our Privacy Policy and applies to California, Nevada, and Brazil residents. Summary of information we collectThroughout the Privacy Policy, we discuss in detail the specific pieces of personal information we collect from and about users, the sources of that information, and how we share it. For the categories of personal information we collect, please see the section titled What Personal Information Does Grammarly Collect and Process?. Our service providers and we use the categories of personal information we collect from and about you consistent with the various business and commercial purposes we discuss throughout this Privacy Policy—please see the section titled How Does Grammarly Use Personal Information? for more details. Finally, for information about the categories of third parties with whom we share your information, see the section titled With Whom Does Grammarly Share Your Information?. Rights You may request that we:Provide access to and a copy of certain information we hold about you.Provide you with a summary of the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling such information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared such information.Delete certain information we have about you.You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives we offer you (if any). You also have the right not to be discriminated against, per applicable law, for exercising your rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain information to provide our products to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our products.To exercise these rights, please see the Exercising Your Data Rights section of this Privacy Policy.We do not sell personal information to third parties. We do share certain information as described in With Whom Does Grammarly Share Your Information?, and we allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity, for example through cookies, as explained in our Cookie Policy. You can control these cookies through browser settings and other controls; for more information, see our Cookie Policy.  Provide access to and a copy of certain information we hold about you.Provide you with a summary of the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling such information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared such information.Delete certain information we have about you. Provide access to and a copy of certain information we hold about you. Provide you with a summary of the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you in the last twelve months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling such information; and the categories of third parties with whom we shared such information. Delete certain information we have about you.