The Matrix protocol is designed with your privacy and data sovereignty in mind. Because it is a decentralised, federated service with cryptographically-validated message integrity, there are a few important things to know before you use the Service. Services using the Matrix protocol rely on Matrix homeservers which share user data with the wider ecosystem over federation. Some Matrix rooms are bridged to third-party services, such as IRC networks, twitter or email. When a room has been bridged, your messages and media may be copied onto the bridged service. The matrix.org homeserver provides a range of integrations in the form of Widgets (web applications accessed as part of the Matrix Client webapp) and Bots (automated participants in rooms). Bots and Widgets have access to the messages and files in rooms in which they participate. If you remove (redact) a message, the message content will no longer be accessible to users. Redactions only remove message content, your display name and avatar - your username will still be visible. Federated homeservers and some matrix clients may not honour the redaction request. New Vector processes your data under Legitimate Interest. This means that we process your data only as necessary to deliver the Service, and in a manner that you understand and expect. The Legitimate Interest of our Service is the provision of decentralised, openly-federated and (optionally) end-to-end encrypted communication services. The processing of user data we undertake is necessary to provide the Service. The nature of the Service and its implementation results in some caveats concerning this processing, particularly in terms of GDPR Article 17 Right to Erasure (Right to be Forgotten). We believe these caveats are in line with the broader societal interests served by providing the Service. These caveats are discussed in detail in the full privacy notice, but the most important restriction is that your username will still be publicly associated with rooms in which you have participated even if you deactivate your account and ask us to forget your data. In situations where the interests of the individual appear to be in conflict with the broader societal interests, we will seek to reconcile those differences in accordance with our policy. If any of the above are unacceptable to you, please do not use the Service. please do not use the Service.