 / You've already forked org 9 5 main TermsOfUse.md 11 KiB Welcome to Codeberg. We would like to invite you to join us in our journey to build and maintain a productive, safe and enduring platform for the collaborative development and maintenance of Open-Source Software and Documentation. To support our community, we provide the essential infrastructure and organizational framework for the development of Open-Source Projects in decentralized and global communities, and other endeavours which serve this mission. We strive to make and keep educational and informational content from the projects available on the internet free of charge, in perpetuity. We welcome you ("you" or the "user") as a contributor, user, editor or reader, and we encourage you to join our community. Before you participate, however, we ask that you please read and agree to the following Terms of Use ("Terms of Use"). (1) For Free and Libre Open Source Software (FLOSS) projects, the Codeberg e. V. provides various services like a public repository and version control system, wiki, and issue tracker hosting under certain terms and conditions. These services are referred to as "service", "hosting" and "platform" in this document. (2) Our service is open for all projects covered by a free software or open source licence, as defined by either the Free Software Foundation (FSF) or the Open Source Initiative (OSI). (3) Codeberg is a non-profit organization funded by member contributions and donations. The service relies on member contributions and donations. (4) The main objective of Codeberg e. V. (as defined in our bylaws) is to promote the development, collection, distribution, and conservation of free and open content. We aim to support equality of opportunities to access and share knowledge, and to spread awareness about the relevance of FLOSS to society. (1) By using Codeberg, you agree to adhere to the following rules when posting content (like repository contents, wiki articles, issue comments, etc.): (2) Failure to comply with the rules in § 2 (1) leads to immediate removal of the content together with a warning; further violations might result in immediate account suspension. In non-obvious cases, decisions about account suspensions and content removal are made by the presidium, and require a simple majority. (3) We additionally reserve the right to remove any content or account with a notice providing a reason and possibly conditions for re-uploading the content. (4) Content that is deemed illegal in Germany (e.g. by violating copyright or privacy laws) will be taken offline and may lead to immediate account suspension. (5) Actions intended to damage the association, its reputation, service availability or performance may lead to immediate account suspension. In the case of excessive traffic/resource usage, or unreasonable storage requirements, a warning will normally be issued at first, unless the actions are obviously done with malicious intent. (6) Maintainers of a project can enforce stricter rules, for example by adding an easily discoverable Code of Conduct as a file in the repository root. It's the maintainers' task to enforce such additional rules. (1) You are responsible for your own actions. Please act accordingly and apply appropriate security measures to protect your own data and account access credentials. This means especially that: (2) All content on the Version Control System and other facilities provided on the platform are uploaded by community members. Contributors own all rights and ownership for content and contributions they provided. Using the platform does not imply any transfer of ownership or copyright. (3) We make no guarantees about the availability of the content hosted on our platform. Although we try to preserve all content for the future, you are solely responsible for making regular backups of everything you rely on. (4) Changes to the Terms of Use are communicated via an announcement banner in your dashboard. If you do not login for longer than three months, it is your own responsibility to recheck for the current Terms of Use. If you disagree to a change, you are responsible for closing your account. (1) You may close your account at any time. Please be aware that it is your responsibility to remove content and contributions that you no longer wish to persist. All other content previously contributed by you might remain visible to other users of the platform. (2) Abandoned user accounts or organizations with no (or extremely few) all-time contributions may be deleted after being unused for 365 days. A warning via email is sent 1 month in advance. (3) Accounts created for the sole purpose of advertisement (excessive promotion of a product, service or company) are removed immediately. (4) Please be aware that this list is neither exhaustive nor complete (illustrating the spirit of the law, not its letter). Be aware that any account can get suspended at any time if it is used for activities harming Codeberg e.V. or its associated platform and services, directly or indirectly, even if these activities are not explicitly listed in the examples above. (1) The materials on our platform are provided on an 'as is' basis. Codeberg makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. (2) Further, Codeberg does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site. (3) In no event shall Codeberg or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Codeberg’s platform, even if Codeberg or a Codeberg-authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you. ’ Thank you for being an awesome member of the Codeberg Community! Codeberg Association Service Legal English Bahasa Indonesia Deutsch English Español Français Italiano Latviešu Magyar nyelv Nederlands Polski Português de Portugal Português do Brasil Suomi Svenska Türkçe Čeština Ελληνικά Български Русский Українська فارسی മലയാളം 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文（台灣） 繁體中文（香港） 한국어 English