my subreddits - | Want to join? or in seconds. use the following search parameters to narrow your results: e.g. this post was submitted on (96% upvoted) 118 points shortlink: Get an ad-free experience with special benefits, and directly support Reddit.  4,813 readers 10 users here now Social Media 🎉 Native Mobile Apps Gif Brewery by Gfycat (Mac) Deleting Anonymous Gfycats Please email me the URL and some proof that the gfycat is yours (e.g. time and date uploaded). Gfycat the Moment! Instantly grab and share videos as gifs Post and browse gfycats This subreddit is for support and suggestions for the tool gfycat.com. If you are looking to submit or browse gfycat links, check out: • • •Try . Take a screenshot or a screencast! It supports recording videos and uploading to Gfycat with single hotkey press Apps •Try (). It's awesome, and in the Chrome webstore, Safari extensions, Opera add-ons, and there is a for Firefox. Hoverzoom? General Tools • Chrome tools • by Firefox tools Safari Tools Mod tools Related Mobile apps • Integrated Gfycat! a community for MODERATORS X · 6 4 comments What should be done with the sub reddit now that the site is gone??? 5 comments Alternatives? 8 12 comments Just learned gfycat shut down. Did I overlook the mails, or did they fail to notify their users at all? 11 I had no idea this was going to shut down. 60 16 comments PSA: how to resurrect any dead Gfycat link What are you using for reddit now? 57 23 comments Gfycat is dead, long live gfycat! 4 1 comment Could the Wayback Machine Work? 23 10 comments 1800 videos with 300 million views. Goodbye gfycat :( 21 7 comments The end is nigh Welcome to Reddit, the front page of the internet. and join one of thousands of communities. 117 119 () submitted by As you may know, since the Gfycat acquisition by Snap (creators of Snapchat), Gfycat has basically stopped its operations. There is radio silence from the staff, uploads are not working for over 2 months. Now the website is not available because of the SSL certificate that has expired today. This is a silly technical issue, meaning that there is no one that's keeping an eye on the platform. If the Gfycat / Snap staff have allowed such a trivial but critical situation to occur, then it's very clear that the website has already been forgotten and these may be the last days we can still access the content. ​ (security reasons - HSTS policy enabled on Gfycat servers). Right now, the website is still "fully" working, and it's just your browser blocking the access, due to expired certificates How to access website We have to disable HSTS in our browser for all gfycat subdomains. Google Chome: For each link from the list below: Open it in Chrome You should see a warning saying that the connection is not secure. Type . Literally, type it anywhere on the warning page (but not in the URL bar), even though there is no text input on this site. Just try it! Page should refresh itself automatically, showing you some code or errors in plain text If the page refreshed itself, move to the next link After doing that for each link, you should be able to open , browse all the content, log in, etc. Other browsers: I haven't tested it on other browsers, but you can find some tutorials on how to disable HSTS for a website. Example: Please note that this only works for your browser - it won't make your gifs available for others. Gfycat subdomain links: Cheers, we had a good run 😔 all 83 comments sorted by: best Want to add to the discussion? Post a comment! 7 points 8 points 9 points For anyone that wants to do some last minute downloading I created a and updated it to disable ssl verification. It works to download users profiles and collections or single gfys as well. 3 points 4 points 5 points Thank you! You and op are godsends in these dark times! 6 points It'd be great if you made a video tutorial for simplicity sake! 2 points How do i use the tool? This post + your tool has helped me recover all my gifs! Thank you!! Glad it helped! Does this require Windows? how do i find dev tools? [deleted] [removed] When downloading your own profile with authentication it'll download private and public gfys. Downloading other users profiles it'll only download public gfys. Downloading a collection will download all the gfys in the collection. Where do you get the authentication key? Nevermind I found it. If anyone else is having trouble the instructions are on the github page, and EDIT: Does this still work? Every gfycat URL I try it with says "invalid url". They're all individual gfycat URLs, e.g. It still works, are you putting the single gfys in a text file and downloading with the text file option? The only way to download single gfys is using the text file option. 1 point Hey sorry to bother you but I’m a complete buffoon when it comes to this sort of stuff. Could you explain how to use this in layman’s terms? Download the exe from Run the exe Choose what type of download you want to do, look for explanations on the types of downloads Fill out the steps on the opened exe Okay I’ll give this a shot, thank you. what do u type when it says output directory: The output folder, e.g. C:\Users\user\Downloads Just wanted to say thank you for this. I had thousands of gifs and managed to save them all using this tool. 0 points cant thank you enough for this! If it helps anyone, I was able to access (most?) of my files by going though the Wayback Machine at the Internet Archive (). Enter the URL for your account - , then open each gif in a separate tab or window. Once the page loads, right-click the video to save it. (You can even save the image from the preview grid if you want.) Some pages didn't load of course, and you may need to reload a couple of times. Happy hunting! I want to say thank you so much for this. Couldn't find my original files and I was gonna be so sad but managed to save my 130+ gifs this way. You're a lifesaver. Bummed about gfycat but at least I have my gifs back. Hello guys.., I just the guide, and I know it sounds stupid, but I dont really get the step > "type it anywhere" I mean, on the blank white screen I cant type anything, so where am I suppose to type it ?Anywhere in the code, when I open inspect of the page? thanks for helping! :) [] Anywhere on that Chrome warning page, there is nowhere to type, you won't see typed letters unless you type the whole phrase and the page will refresh itself. Just type it, you don't need to click anywhere ohhh I see.. holy sh*t, just type it straight away, got it thanks! didnt even know that it can work like this :D I was able to get on the site but could not log in. I can view my page but how can I scrub the stuff from my profile without manually download everything? I saw someone shared something about using Python but I’m terrible with code. Wow how'd you figure this out? I also found the 'thisisunsafe' from stack overflow after a google, but I had no clue you had to do it for all of those links other than just gfycat. Gfycat uses these subdomains under the hood, some of them can be visible in the network inspector tool. Also I developed some tools for gfycat, I know its API for quite some time This allows me to properly access gifs by browsing through gfycat which is great, but I wonder if you also have a way to access links directly? For example, I can now access a gif, but if I copy paste the gif link into a new tab it just gives me a page not found error. Yes, it seems like the website can be accessed only from the homepage () to be functional. For accessing the gif directly, just paste its "gfyname" into the Gfycat search. For example, -> search for "NippyKindLangur". If the search result redirects you back to Not found error, then you have to clear the cache: Go to the home page - Hard reload by pressing Ctrl+Shift+R (in Chrome) Use search once again I can now access gfycat and my gallery, but I can't access any gifs directly by using the search even after clearing the cache Does this still work? I can access gfycat.com, but NippyKindLangur turns up No Results Found ever after reloading like you said I've been able to get that to work for most subdomains, but I haven't had any luck with zippy or assets. I type thisisunsafe repeatedly and nothing happens Gfycat should work without these subdomains Thanks, how long will this work for before it shuts down for real? This seems to no longer be working, for me at least. Nor the internet archive :( Works for me wait this method doesn’t work anymore right It still works I tried this and it didn't work for any gifs, I even disabled SSL certificate check and tried fat, zippy and changing it to webm Try capitalizing the first letters of the URL for each word in the unique ID Warning: Do this at your own risk, as doing so forces the website to load in unsecure/unecrypted HTTP mode. HSTS stands for HTTP Strict Transport Security. It is a method used by websites to declare that they should only be accessed using a secure connection (HTTPS). Nope, in this case, all the traffic still goes through HTTPS protocol, web browsers are only denying the requests because of expired certificate. This is gonna seem like such a stupid question because I am not a computer person at all but what do you mean exactly for step 3 (typing “thisisunsafe”)? Where else on the warning page other than the URL bar is there to type on? For me, when I click those links in the bottom, a page pops up that says “Your connection is not private…blah blah blah” and I can click either “learn more”, “advanced”, or “reload”. There is nowhere for me to type anything on this page… Or did you mean I have to open up the code for the warning page and type “thisisunsafe” somewhere on there? Sorry for the dumb question but I am just so confused right now. Exactly, there is nowhere to type but it works, try it! You don't have to click anything, just have this tab focused. Ohhh I see! I managed to get it to work. Thank you for the help! apparently, is on a list of tracking sites or something according to ublock. I seem to be able to use the site without thisisunsafeing it though. it's not working can someone fix gfycat there's a certain gif I like Is there a way to access your account without the password? cause it seems I can’t log in anymore. Asking for a password reset doesn’t seem to work. Looks like all the gifs are gone. The method works, but I can't see anything. I can't either I cannot see, or log inn :/ I have the option to log inn now, but it says the password is wrong - and there is no "forgotten password" button edit: it worked now, thank you op 😭 I can go on the site with this method but i can no longer see any gifs on the site or access my page, sadly everything is gone :( RIP After a lot of refreshing and trying different browsers and i guess getting lucky, i was able to access my account and quickly downloaded all my fav gifs. PHEW Goodnight GFYCAT! Which browser did you test? And how did you download everything from your profile? not working anymore for me. none of the gifs load and you cannot sign in Can anyone confirm if this still works or not? It still works for me, I can log in Does this HAVE to be done on a computer? Yes Is anyone else unable to log in? Still works for me it worked now, but for how long? should i download the best gifs or will the site eventually come back? I think my account was deleted ;( more 12k gifs dead ;( gfycat.com/@sakaiyuji It's still available, I can see your account. Open your profile if you are logged in, or type your nickname in Gfycat search You should be able to navigate to your collections "Seriously? I followed your steps and the most that happened was displaying some gifs on the main page. I can't see my profile or even log in. It says my password or email is wrong, and when I try to recover my email, it says the email is not found." Do can you show me a print of my profile? i can't see nothing when i search. ;( Maybe try all the steps again in an incognito window in case it's one of your extensions causing some issue, because I didn't do anything different from what was described here and it just worked. Good luck! what if it said access denied after doing the thisisiunsafe? Looks like you'll have to warm your browser up with some foreplay before going straight in. Thanks for this! I was wondering why I couldn’t upload anything but still had access to all my old GIFs, was driving me nuts Well, I managed to get an access to the site but whenever i tried to search something it continously appeared that "Nothing can be found" Thank you for this guide! i tried thyping thisisunsafe but i can't access my login or gifs at all, can someone do a video tutorial? this kind of works, but I get Page not found The requested page cannot be found. Return to the homepage. instead of the gfycat itself I wanted to archive all the stuff in my collections, but when I made those collections I set them to private. Is there any way I can make them public so I can archive them using archive.org? I can't find any buttons to edit a collection. If i have the link and can i donwload it now ?? I'm afraid you cannot, servers are down damn.. even with the video thing ? I wanted to access this gif: But i don't know how to access it.