Main menu Home Official website Contact us Wikimedia News Movement blog Community calendar Questions for Wikimedia? Donate Volunteering Wikimedia Endowment Wikimedia Enterprise Wikipedia Store Bylaws Values Policies Resolutions Board meetings Movement affiliates Annual Report Financial reports and Form 990 Fundraising reports Institutional knowledge Legal Security Give feedback Babel Help Recent changes Language links are at the top of the page across from the title.  Search English Log in Personal tools Beginning 1 Introduction 1 Toggle Introduction subsection 1.1Welcome! 1.1 1.1.1Definitions 1.1.1 1.1.2What This Privacy Policy Does and Does Not Cover 1.1.2 2 Collection & Use of Info 2 Toggle Collection & Use of Info subsection 2.1Types of Information We Receive From You & How We Get It 2.1 2.1.1Your Public Contributions 2.1.1 2.1.2Account Information & Registration 2.1.2 2.1.3Location Information 2.1.3 2.1.3.1GPS & Other Location Technologies 2.1.3.1 2.1.3.2Metadata 2.1.3.2 2.1.3.3IP Addresses 2.1.3.3 2.2Information Related to Your Use of the Wikimedia Sites 2.2 2.2.1Information We Receive Automatically 2.2.1 2.2.2Information We Collect 2.2.2 2.3How We Use Information We Receive From You 2.3 2.3.1General 2.3.1 2.4Other 2.4 2.4.1Location information 2.4.1 2.4.1.1GPS & Other Location Technologies 2.4.1.1 2.4.1.2Metadata 2.4.1.2 2.4.1.3IP Addresses 2.4.1.3 3 Sharing 3 Toggle Sharing subsection 3.1When May We Share Your Information? 3.1 3.1.1With Your Permission 3.1.1 3.1.2For Legal Reasons 3.1.2 3.1.3If the Organization is Transferred (Really Unlikely!) 3.1.3 3.1.4To Protect You, Ourselves & Others 3.1.4 3.1.5To Our Service Providers 3.1.5 3.1.6To Understand & Experiment 3.1.6 3.1.7Because You Made It Public 3.1.7 4 Protection 4 Toggle Protection subsection 4.1How Do We Protect Your Personal Information? 4.1 4.2How Long Do We Keep Your Data? 4.2 4.3Your rights 4.3 5 Important info 5 Toggle Important info subsection 5.1Where is the Foundation & What Does That Mean for Me? 5.1 5.2Our Response to Do Not Track (DNT) signals 5.2 5.3Changes to This Privacy Policy 5.3 5.4Contact Us 5.4 5.5Thank You! 5.5 Toggle the table of contents Add languages Policy Discussion Read View source View history Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Permanent link Page information Get shortened URL Wikidata item Create a book Download as PDF Printable version From Wikimedia Foundation Governance Wiki Other languages: Please note that in the event of any differences in meaning or interpretation between the original English version of this content and a translation, the original English version takes precedence. Wikimedia Foundation Privacy Policy Disclaimer: This summary is not a part of the Privacy Policy and is not a legal document. It is simply a handy reference for understanding the full Privacy Policy. Think of it as the user-friendly interface to our Privacy Policy. Because we believe that you should not have to provide personal information to participate in the free knowledge movement, you may: Because we want to understand how Wikimedia Sites are used so we can make them better for you, we collect some information when you: We are committed to: Be aware: Introduction Use of info Sharing Protection Important info Welcome! This Policy explains how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information. By using Wikimedia Sites, you consent to this Policy. The Wikimedia movement is founded on a simple, but powerful principle: we can do more together than any of us can do alone. We cannot work collectively without gathering, sharing, and analyzing information about our users as we seek new ways to make the Wikimedia Sites more usable, safer, and more beneficial. We believe that information-gathering and use should go hand-in-hand with transparency. This Privacy Policy explains how the Wikimedia Foundation, the non-profit organization that hosts the Wikimedia Sites, like Wikipedia, collects, uses, and shares information we receive from you through your use of the Wikimedia Sites. It is essential to understand that, by using any of the Wikimedia Sites, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. That means that reading this Policy carefully is important. We believe that you shouldn't have to provide nonpublic Personal Information to participate in the free knowledge movement. You do not have to provide things like your real name, address, or date of birth to sign up for a standard account or contribute content to the Wikimedia Sites. We do not sell or rent your Personal Information, nor do we give it to others to sell you anything. We use it to figure out how to make the Wikimedia Sites more engaging and accessible, to see which ideas work, and to make learning and contributing more fun. Put simply: we use this information to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you. After all, it's people like you, the champions of free knowledge, who make it possible for the Wikimedia Sites to not only exist, but also grow and thrive. We recognize that only a minority of you are familiar with technical terms like "tracking pixels" and "cookies" used in the Privacy Policy. Because everyone (not just lawyers) should be able to easily understand how and why their information is collected and used, we use common language instead of more formal terms throughout this Policy. To help ensure your understanding of some particular key terms, here is a table of translations: Except as explained below, this Privacy Policy applies to our collection and handling of information about you that we receive as a result of your use of any of the Wikimedia Sites. This Policy also applies to information that we receive from our partners or other third parties. To understand more about what this Privacy Policy covers, please see below. Examples of What This Privacy Policy Covers For the sake of clarity, this Privacy Policy covers, regardless of language: More on what the Wikimedia Foundation Privacy Policy does not cover This section is part of the Privacy Policy and is meant to explain in detail which situations are not covered by our Privacy Policy. Wikimedia Shop donate.wikimedia.org Administrative volunteers Tool providers Other users Websites run by other organizations Mobile applications provided by other organizations or individuals Sometimes, volunteers may place a data-collecting tool, such as a script, gadget, tracking pixel, or share button, on a Wikimedia Site without our knowledge. This Policy does not cover how third parties handle the information they receive as a result of such a tool. If you come across such a third-party tool, and you believe it violates this Policy, you can remove the tool yourself, or report it to privacy[at]wikimedia.org so we can investigate. Types of Information We Receive From You & How We Get It Your Public Contributions Whatever you post on Wikimedia Sites can be seen and used by everyone. Publicly Visible Information Unless this Policy says otherwise, you should assume that information that you actively contribute to the Wikimedia Sites, including Personal Information, is publicly visible and can be found by search engines. Like most things on the Internet, anything you share may be copied and redistributed throughout the Internet by other people. Please do not contribute any information that you are uncomfortable making permanently public, like revealing your real name or location in your contributions. You should be aware that specific data made public by you or aggregated data that is made public by us can be used by anyone for analysis and to infer further information, such as which country a user is from, political affiliation and gender. Account Information & Registration You do not need to create an account to use any Wikimedia Site. If you do create an account, you do not need to give us your name or email address (although you can if you choose to, such as for the "Email this user" feature for example). Want to create an account? Great! Don't want to create an account? No problem! More on Usernames To gain a better understanding of the demographics of our users, to localize our services and to learn how we can improve our services, we may ask you for more demographic information, such as gender or age, about yourself. We will tell you if such information is intended to be public or private, so that you can make an informed decision about whether you want to provide us with that information. Providing such information is always completely optional. If you don't want to, you don't have to—it's as simple as that. Location Information GPS & Other Location Technologies Some features we offer work better if we know what area you are in. Metadata IP Addresses Information Related to Your Use of the Wikimedia Sites We use certain technologies to collect information about how you use Wikimedia Sites. Like other websites, we receive some information about you automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. We also use a variety of commonly-used technologies, like cookies, to collect information regarding how you use the Wikimedia Sites, make our services safer and easier to use, and to help create a better and more customizable experience for you. We use certain technologies to collect information about how you use Wikimedia Sites. Like other websites, we receive some information about you automatically when you visit the Wikimedia Sites. We also use a variety of commonly-used technologies, like cookies, to collect information regarding how you use the Wikimedia Sites, make our services safer and easier to use, and to help create a better and more customizable experience for you. We want to make the Wikimedia Sites better for you by learning more about how you use them. Examples of this might include how often you visit the Wikimedia Sites, what you like, what you find helpful, how you get to the Wikimedia Sites, and whether you would use a helpful feature more if we explained it differently. We also want this Policy and our practices to reflect our community's values. For this reason, we keep information related to your use of the Wikimedia Sites confidential, except as provided in this Policy. Information We Receive Automatically Put simply, we use this information to enhance your experience with Wikimedia Sites. For example, we use this information to administer the sites, provide greater security, and fight vandalism; optimize mobile applications, customize content and set language preferences, test features to see what works, and improve performance; understand how users interact with the Wikimedia Sites, track and study use of various features, gain understanding about the demographics of the different Wikimedia Sites, and analyze trends. Information We Collect We use a variety of commonly-used technologies, like cookies, to understand how you use the Wikimedia Sites, make our services safer and easier to use, and to help create a better and more customizable experience for you. More on Locally Stored Data Locally stored data, JavaScript, and tracking pixels help us do things like: How We Use Information We Receive From You General We and our service providers use your information for the legitimate purpose of pursuing our charitable mission, including: Operating the Wikimedia Sites, sharing your contributions and administering our Services. We engage in these activities to manage our relationship with you, because we have a legitimate interest and/or to comply with our legal obligations. Providing customized Services. We will customize the Services, in some instances, with your consent; or in keeping with our legitimate interest. Sending emails with news updates and communications about items we believe may be of interest to you. Sending optional surveys and requesting feedback. We will always tell you, at the time we give you an opportunity to share your thoughts, how we plan on using your answers and any Personal Information you provide. Improving the Wikimedia Sites and making your user experience safer and better. We engage in these activities to further our legitimate interest and/or to comply with our legal obligations. Other Location information As stated above, we can use commonly-used location technologies to show you more relevant content. For example, our mobile apps can identify articles from the Wikimedia sites about points of interest near your location. As a reminder, you can consent to and/or deactivate our access to these location technologies at any time for example through the native OS functionalities on your mobile device, and still use the Wikimedia Sites. As stated above, we may automatically receive location data from your device. For example, if you upload a photo using the Wikimedia Commons mobile app, please be aware that the default setting on your mobile device typically results in the metadata associated with your photo being included in the upload. As a reminder, if you do not want metadata sent to us and made public at the time of your upload, please change your settings on your device. We use this location information to make your experience with the Wikimedia Sites safer and better, to gain a greater understanding of user preferences and their interaction with the Wikimedia Sites, and to generally improve our services. For example, we use this information to provide greater security, optimize mobile applications, and learn how to expand and better support Wikimedia communities. We also use Personal Information in the manner described in the sections of this Policy titled "For Legal Reasons" and "To Protect You, Ourselves & Others." When May We Share Your Information? We use and share your Personal Information when you give us specific permission to do so, for legal reasons, and in the other circumstances described below. With Your Permission For Legal Reasons We will access, use, preserve, and/or disclose your Personal Information if we reasonably believe it necessary to satisfy a valid and legally enforceable warrant, subpoena, court order, law or regulation, or other judicial or administrative order. However, if we believe that a particular request for disclosure of a user's information is legally invalid or an abuse of the legal system and the affected user does not intend to oppose the disclosure themselves, we will try our best to fight it. We are committed to notifying you via email at least ten (10) calendar days, when possible, before we disclose your Personal Information in response to a legal demand. However, we may only provide notice if we are not legally restrained from contacting you, there is no credible threat to life or limb that is created or increased by disclosing the request, and you have provided us with an email address. Nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal objections or defenses you may have to a third-party's request (whether it be civil, criminal, or governmental) to disclose your Personal Information. We recommend seeking the advice of legal counsel immediately if such a request is made involving you. If the Organization is Transferred (Really Unlikely!) In the unlikely event that the ownership of the Foundation changes, we will provide you 30 days' notice before any Personal Information is transferred to the new owners or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. To Protect You, Ourselves & Others We, or users with certain administrative rights, use and disclose Personal Information that is reasonably necessary to: enforce or investigate potential violations of the Wikimedia Foundation or community-based policies; protect our organization, infrastructure, employees, contractors, or the public; or prevent imminent or serious bodily harm or death to a person. We do so to manage our relationship with you, to further our legitimate interest, and/or to comply with our legal obligations. We, or users with certain administrative rights, use and disclose Personal Information that is reasonably necessary to: We do so to manage our relationship with you, to further our legitimate interest, and/or to comply with our legal obligations. To Our Service Providers We disclose Personal Information to our third-party service providers or contractors to help run or improve the Wikimedia Sites and provide services in support of our mission. If you are visiting Wikimedia Sites with your mobile device, we use your IP address to provide anonymized or aggregated information to service providers regarding the volume of usage in certain areas. To Understand & Experiment We give volunteer developers and researchers access to systems that contain your Personal Information to allow them to protect, develop, and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites. We also share non-Personal Information or aggregated information with third parties interested in studying the Wikimedia Sites. When we share Personal Information with third parties for these purposes, we put reasonable technical and contractual protections in place to protect your Personal Information consistent with this Policy and our legitimate interest. The open-source software that powers the Wikimedia Sites depends on the contributions of volunteer software developers, who spend time writing and testing code to help it improve and evolve with our users' needs. To facilitate their work, we give some developers limited access to systems that contain your Personal Information, but only as reasonably necessary for them to develop and contribute to the Wikimedia Sites. Similarly, we share non-Personal Information or aggregated information with researchers, scholars, academics, and other interested third parties who wish to study the Wikimedia Sites. Sharing this Personal Information helps them understand usage, viewing, and demographics statistics and patterns. They then can share their findings with us and our users so that we can all better understand and improve the Wikimedia Sites. Because You Made It Public Information that you post is public and can be seen and used by everyone. Any information you post publicly on the Wikimedia Sites is just that – public. For example, if you put your mailing address on your talk page, that is public, and not specifically protected by this Policy. And if you edit without registering or logging into your account, your IP address will be seen publicly. Please think carefully about your desired level of privacy before you disclose Personal Information on your user page or elsewhere. How Do We Protect Your Personal Information? We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We strive to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We use a variety of physical and technical measures, policies, and procedures (such as access control procedures, network firewalls, and physical security) designed to protect our systems and your Personal Information. Unfortunately, there's no such thing as completely secure data transmission or storage, so we can't guarantee that our security will not be breached (by technical measures or through violation of our policies and procedures). We will never ask for your password by email (but may send you a temporary password via email if you have requested a password reset). If you ever receive an email that requests your password, please let us know by sending it to privacy@wikimedia.org, so we can investigate the source of the email. How Long Do We Keep Your Data? Except as otherwise stated in this Policy, we only keep your Personal Information as long as necessary to maintain, understand and improve the Wikimedia Sites or to comply with applicable law. Your rights If you would like to request access to or removal of your Personal Information, you may contact us. Please note also that you may be able to exercise some of these rights without our intervention. For example, if you are a registered user, you can access and update some Personal Information in your Preferences, as well as download your user account data. You may also manage what kinds of notifications you receive and how often you receive them by going to your Notifications Preferences. For the protection of the Wikimedia Foundation and other users, if you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Wikimedia Sites. Where is the Foundation & What Does That Mean for Me? For the protection of the Wikimedia Foundation and other users, if you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Wikimedia Sites. The Wikimedia Foundation is a non-profit organization based in San Francisco, California, with servers and data centers located in the U.S. If you decide to use Wikimedia Sites, whether from inside or outside of the U.S., you understand that your Personal Information will be collected, transferred, stored, processed, disclosed and otherwise used in the U.S. as described in this Privacy Policy. You also understand that your information may be transferred by us from the U.S. to other countries, which may have different or less stringent data protection laws than your country, in connection with providing services to you. Our Response to Do Not Track (DNT) signals Changes to This Privacy Policy Substantial changes to this Policy will not be made until after a public comment period of at least 30 days. Because things naturally change over time and we want to ensure our Privacy Policy accurately reflects our practices and the law, it may be necessary to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We reserve the right to do so in the following manner: We ask that you please review the most up-to-date version of our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Wikimedia Sites after any effective date of a subsequent version of this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of this Privacy Policy on your part. If you are an individual located in the United Kingdom, and have questions about your personal data or would like to request to access, update, or delete it, you may contact our representative via email at UKrepresentative.Wikimedia@twobirds.com, or via mail at: Our European Economic Area and United Kingdom Representative can only be contacted for queries in relation to data protection. Depending on your jurisdiction, you also may have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority competent for your country or region. Thank You! Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. We hope you enjoy using the Wikimedia Sites and appreciate your participation in creating, maintaining, and constantly working to improve the largest repository of free knowledge in the world. Please note that in the event of any differences in meaning or interpretation between the original English version of this Privacy Policy and a translation, the original English version takes precedence. Thank you for reading our Privacy Policy. We hope you enjoy using the Wikimedia Sites and appreciate your participation in creating, maintaining, and constantly working to improve the largest repository of free knowledge in the world. Please note that in the event of any differences in meaning or interpretation between the original English version of this Privacy Policy and a translation, the original English version takes precedence. Toggle limited content width