A. Definitions
Short version: We use these basic terms throughout the agreement, and they have specific meanings.

The “Agreement” refers, collectively, to all the terms, conditions, and notices contained or referenced in this document (the “Terms of Service” or the “Terms”) and all other operating rules, policies, and procedures that we may publish from time to time on the Website.
The “Website” refers to Observable’s website located at observablehq.com, and all content, services, and products provided by Observable at or through the Website and its underlying technology platform. It also refers to Observable-owned subdomains of observablehq.com, such as api.observablehq.com and ancillary websites, such as observableusercontent.com.
The “Service” refers to the Website, applications, software, products, and services provided by Observable.
“The User,” “The Customer,” “You,” and “Your” refer to the individual person, company, or organization that has visited or is using the Website or Service; that accesses or uses any part of the account; or that directs the use of the account in the performance of its functions. Individual users must be at least 13 years of age.
“Observable,” “We,” and “Us” refer to Observable, Inc., as well as our affiliates, directors, subsidiaries, contractors, licensors, officers, agents, and employees.
An “Account” represents your legal relationship with Observable. A “User Account” represents an individual User’s authorization to log in to and use the Service and serves as a User’s identity on Observable. A “Team Account” refers to an Account created by a User on behalf of an entity, such as a company, non-profit organization, or group. “Teams” are shared workspaces that may be associated with a single entity or with one or more Users where multiple Users can collaborate across many notebooks at once. Team accounts can be Free, Pro or Enterprise accounts. A User Account can be a member of any number of Teams.
A “Tier” represents a specific type of Account, for example the “Free Tier” (includes Free Individual and Free Team), “Pro Tier” (includes Pro Individual and Pro Team), or “Enterprise Tier”.
A “Paid Team”, where mentioned, refers to both Pro-Team and Enterprise accounts.
“Content” refers to content featured or displayed through the Website, including without limitation text, data, articles, images, photographs, graphics, software, applications, designs, features, and other materials that are available on the Website or otherwise available through the Service. “Content” also includes Services. “User-Generated Content” is Content, written or otherwise, created or uploaded by our Users. “Your Content” is Content that you create or own.
"Third-Party Services" refer to functionality enabled in the Service that integrate with third parties to support advanced features such as AI assisted code generation.
B. Account Terms
Short version: User and Team Accounts have different administrative controls. A human must create your account. You must be at least 13 years old. You must provide a valid external identity. You alone are responsible and legally liable for your account and anything that happens while you are signed in to or using your account. You are solely responsible for keeping your account secure.

1. Account Controls
Users. All Users retain ultimate administrative control over their User Accounts and the Content within them, subject to Observable's rights stated herein.
Teams. Within the Service, the Team creator must designate one or more User Accounts as “owners” who are delegated ultimate administrative control of the Team. The owners of each Team retain administrative control over the members of those Teams and all User-Generated Content posted to the notebooks within those Teams, subject to these Terms. Team members can manage User access to the Team’s data and notebooks.
2. Required Information
You must log in with a valid email address — or a supported identity provider, such as GitHub, linked to a valid email address — in order to complete the signup process. For User Accounts, any other information requested, such as your real name, is optional. To complete signup for Team Accounts, a company name, and valid payment information (for non-free Teams) must also be provided.

If you are entering into this Agreement on behalf of an entity, you represent that you are authorized to enter into the Agreement and bind the entity to these Terms.

3. Account Requirements
You must create a User Account before you can create a Team Account. The following rules apply to all accounts on Observable.

You must be a human to create an account. Accounts registered by “bots” or other automated methods are not permitted.
You may not create an Account for the use of anyone under the age of 13. While we are thrilled to see brilliant youngsters get excited by exploring data sets and visualizing algorithms, we must comply with United States law. Observable does not target our Service to children under 13, and we do not permit any Users under 13 on our Service. If we learn of any User under the age of 13, we will terminate that User’s account immediately. If you are a resident of a country outside the United States, your country’s minimum age may be older. In such a case, you are responsible for complying with your country’s laws.
Your login may only be used by one person — i.e., a single login may not be shared by multiple people.
You may not upload personally identifiable information into a notebook.
4. User Account Security
You are responsible for keeping your account secure while you use our Service.

You are responsible for all content posted and activity that occurs under your account (even if the content is posted by others).
You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account. Observable cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage from your failure to comply with this security obligation.
You agree to promptly notify Observable if you become aware of any unauthorized use of, or access to, our Service through your Account, by sending an email to support@observablehq.com.
C. Acceptable Use
Short version: Observable hosts a wide variety of collaborative notebooks from all over the world, and that collaboration only works when our users are able to work together in good faith. While using the service, you must follow this Acceptable Use Policy, which includes some restrictions on content you can post, conduct on the service, and other limitations. In short, be courteous to each other, and don’t spam.

1. Compliance with Laws and Regulations
Your use of the Website and Service must not violate any applicable laws, including, but not limited to, data privacy laws, copyright or trademark laws, export control laws, or other laws in your jurisdiction. You are responsible for making sure that your use of the Service is in compliance with laws and any applicable regulations.

2. Content Restrictions
You agree that you will not under any circumstances upload, post, host, or transmit any content that:

is unlawful or promotes unlawful activities;
is or contains sexually obscene content;
is libelous, defamatory, or fraudulent;
is discriminatory or abusive toward any individual or group;
contains or installs any active malware or exploits, or uses our platform for exploit delivery (such as part of a command and control system);
contains personally identifiable information; or
infringes on any proprietary right of any party, including patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity, or other rights.
3. Conduct Restrictions
While using Observable, you agree that you will not under any circumstances, and you will not permit any user or third party to:

reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to discover the object code, source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of Observable;
modify, translate, or create derivative works based on any proprietary element of Observable or any related Observable documentation;
rent, lease, distribute, sell, sublicense, resell, assign, or otherwise transfer rights to use Observable;
remove any proprietary notices from the Observable documentation;
use Observable for any purpose other than its intended purpose;
interfere with or disrupt the integrity or performance of Observable;
access Observable in order to build a competitive product or service or to copy any ideas, features, functions, or graphics of Observable;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to Observable or its related systems or networks;
access or use Observable to (1) send or store infringing, obscene, threatening, or otherwise unlawful material, including material violative of third-party privacy rights, (2) in violation of applicable laws, or (3) to send or store material containing software viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other harmful computer codes, files or scripts;
harass, abuse, threaten, or incite violence towards any individual or group, including Observable employees, officers, and agents, or other Observable Users;
use our servers for any form of excessive automated bulk activity (for example, spamming), or relay any other form of unsolicited advertising or solicitation through our servers, such as get-rich-quick schemes;
attempt to disrupt or tamper with Observable’s servers in ways that could harm our Website or Service, to place undue burden on Observable’s servers through automated means, or to access Observable’s Service in ways that exceed your authorization;
impersonate any person or entity, including any of our employees or representatives, including through false association with Observable, or by fraudulently misrepresenting your identity or site’s purpose; or
violate the privacy of any third party, such as by posting another person’s personal information.
4. Services Usage Limits
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service without Observable’s express written permission.

5. Scraping
Scraping refers to extracting data from our Website via an automated process, such as a bot or web crawler. You may scrape the website solely for the following reasons:

Search engines may scrape public pages on the Website for inclusion into search indexes.
Archivists may scrape public pages on the Website for archival purposes.
You may not scrape Observable for spamming purposes, or for the purposes of packaging or selling/reselling content published on the Service that is not owned by you without express written permission to do so by the owner and the Service, or any other purposes not expressly permitted in this Section 5, including the purposes of selling Observable users’ personal information, such as to recruiters, headhunters, and job boards.

All use of Observable data gathered through scraping must comply with our Privacy Policy.

6. Data Collection and Privacy
Misuse of Observable Users’ Personal Information is prohibited.

Any person, entity, or service collecting data from Observable must comply with our Privacy Policy, particularly in regards to the collection of our Users’ Personal Information. If you collect any Observable User’s Personal Information from Observable, you agree that you will only use the Personal Information you gather for the purpose for which our User has authorized it. You agree that you will protect any Personal Information you have gathered from Observable in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and you will respond promptly to complaints, removal requests, and “do not contact” requests from Observable or Observable Users.

7. Excessive Bandwidth Use
If we determine your bandwidth usage to be excessive in relation to other Observable users, we reserve the right to suspend your account or throttle your notebook hosting until you can reduce your bandwidth consumption.

8. User Protection
You agree not to engage in activity that harms our Users. We will resolve disputes in favor of protecting our Users as a whole.

9. Squatting
Users and organizations may not register a user name or organization name with the intent of reserving it for future use. Squatting is not acceptable use per Observable's Terms of Service. We do not pro-actively scan Observable for squatting, so the fact that a name is in use does not mean we consider it valid. To dispute a user name, follow these steps which are similar to npm's dispute resolution:

Contact support@observablehq.com with the name of the disputed user account (e.g. @foo)
Support will contact the user account owner on your behalf requesting the transfer.
After 4 weeks, if the owner has not responded, support will process your request. The outcome is at the discretion and judgement of Observable.
Accounts violating this name squatting policy may be removed or renamed without notice. Attempts to sell, buy, or solicit other forms of payment in exchange for account names are prohibited and may result in permanent account suspension.

For privacy reasons, we cannot reveal non-public account activity of the user under dispute. For additional questions, contact support@observablehq.com.

D. Privacy
We collect your information only with your consent. We only collect the minimum amount of personal information that is necessary to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with us. We don’t sell your personal information to third parties and we only use it as this Agreement describes or as otherwise required by applicable law.

Please see our Privacy Policy for more details.

E. User-Generated Content
Short version: You own the content you create, but you allow us certain rights, so that we can display and share the content you post. You still have control over your content, and responsibility for it, and the rights you grant us are limited to those we need to provide the service. We have the right to remove content or close Accounts if we need to.

1. Responsibility for User-Generated Content
You may create or upload User-Generated Content while using the Service. You are solely responsible for the content of, and for any harm resulting from, any User-Generated Content that you or Team Users post, upload, link to or otherwise make available via the Service, regardless of the form of that Content. We are not responsible for any public display or misuse of your User-Generated Content or for loss or destruction of User-Generated Content.

2. Observable May Remove Content
We do not pre-screen User-Generated Content, but we have the right (though not the obligation) to refuse or remove any User-Generated Content that, in our sole discretion, violates any Observable terms or policies or our Code of Conduct.

3. Ownership of Content, Right to Post, and License Grants
You retain ownership of and responsibility for Your Content. If you’re posting anything you did not create yourself or do not own the rights to, you agree that you and your Team Users are responsible for any Content you post; that you will only submit Content that you have the right to post; and that you will fully comply with any third party licenses relating to Content you post.

Because you retain ownership of and responsibility for Your Content, we need you to grant us — and other Observable Users — certain legal permissions, listed in Sections E.4 — E.6. These license grants apply to Your Content. If you upload Content that already comes with a license granting Observable the permissions we need to run our Service, no additional license is required. You understand that you will not receive any payment for any of the rights granted in Sections E.4 — E.6. The licenses you grant to us will end when you remove Your Content from our servers, unless other Users have forked it.

4. License Grant to Us
We need the legal right to do things like host Your Content, publish it, and share it. You grant us and our legal successors a worldwide, fully-paid, royalty-free license to use, display and perform Your Content and the right to store, parse, and display Your Content, and make incidental copies as necessary to render the Website and provide the Service. This includes the right to do things like copy it to our database and make backups; show it to you and other users you choose to show it to; parse it into a search index or otherwise analyze it on our servers; share it with other users you choose to share it with; run it in a notebook environment; and perform it, in case Your Content is something like music or video. We need these rights for both public and private notebooks because these rights are necessary for providing the Service.

This license does not grant Observable the right to sell Your Content or otherwise distribute or use it outside of our provision of the Service.

5. License Grant to Other Users
Any User-Generated Content you or your Team Users post publicly may be viewed by others. By publishing your notebooks, you agree to allow others to view, “import” and “fork” your notebooks. This means that others may load your published Content into notebooks they control, or make their own copies of your published Content in notebooks they control.

When you publish a notebook, you grant each User of Observable a nonexclusive, worldwide license to use, display, and perform Your Content through the Observable Service and to reproduce Your Content solely on Observable as permitted through Observable’s functionality (for example, through forking). If you are uploading Content you did not create or own, you are responsible for ensuring that the Content you upload is licensed under terms that grant these permissions to other Observable Users.

This license does not grant Other Users the right to sell Your Content or otherwise distribute or use it outside of our provision of the Service.

6. Contributions Under a Notebook License
Whenever you make a suggestion to a notebook containing notice of a license, you license your suggestion under the same terms, and you represent that you have the right to license your suggestion under those terms. If you have a separate agreement to license your contributions under different terms, such as a contributor license agreement, that agreement will supersede. This style of collaboration is widely accepted as the norm in the open-source community, where it’s commonly referred to by the shorthand “inbound=outbound”.

7. Moral Rights
You retain all moral rights to Your Content that you upload, publish, or submit to any part of the Service, including the rights of integrity and attribution. However, you waive these rights and agree not to assert them against us, to enable us to reasonably exercise the rights granted in Section E.4, but not otherwise.

To the extent this agreement is not enforceable by applicable law, you grant Observable the rights we need to use Your Content without attribution and to make reasonable adaptations of Your Content as necessary to render the Website and provide the Service.

F. Private Notebooks
Short version: You may have access to private notebooks. We treat the content of private notebooks as confidential, and we only access it for support reasons, to fix errors in the Service, with your consent, or if required to for security reasons.

1. Control of Private Notebooks.
User Accounts and Team Accounts may have private notebooks, which allow the User or Team to restrict access to Content.

2. Confidentiality of Private Notebooks.
Observable considers the contents of private notebooks to be confidential to you or your team. Observable will protect the contents of private notebooks from unauthorized use, access, or disclosure in the same manner that we would use to protect our own confidential information of a similar nature and in no event with less than a commercially reasonable degree of care.

3. Access.
Observable employees may only access the content of your private notebooks in the following situations:

With your consent and knowledge, for support reasons. If Observable accesses a private notebook for support reasons, we will ask for and obtain the notebook owner’s and/or author’s permission first.
When access is required for maintenance reasons, to fix an error in the Service, or to upgrade notebooks for a new version of the Service.
When access is required for security reasons, including to prevent abuse, and to maintain ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability, and resilience of Observable’s systems and Service.
When access is required for analytics reasons, to learn how Observable users are making use of the Service.
4. Additional Exclusions.
If we have reason to believe the contents of a private notebook are in violation of the law or of these Terms, we have the right to access, review, and remove them.

Additionally, we may be compelled by law to disclose User Personal Information or the contents of your private notebooks in response to a valid subpoena, court order, warrant, or similar government order, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property or rights, or those of third parties or the public at large.

In complying with court orders and similar legal processes, we strive for transparency. When permitted, we will make a reasonable effort to notify users of any disclosure of their information, unless we are prohibited by law or court order from doing so, or in exigent circumstances.

G. Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy
If you are a copyright owner and you believe that content on Observable violates your copyright, please contact us by emailing support@observablehq.com. There may be legal consequences for sending a false or frivolous takedown notice under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act. Before sending a takedown request, you must consider legal uses such as fair use and licensed uses.

It is the policy of Observable, in appropriate circumstances and in its sole discretion, to disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who infringe upon the copyrights or other intellectual property rights of Observable and/or others.

To send a takedown request under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, you must:

Identify the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed.
Identify the material on the Website you allege is infringing the copyrighted work. In common cases, this may simply be a notebook URL.
Explain what the affected user would need to do in order to remedy the infringement.
Provide your contact information, including email address, name, telephone number, and physical address.
Provide additional contact information, if you know it, for the alleged infringer.
Include the following statement: “I have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted materials described above on the infringing web pages is not authorized by the copyright owner, or its agent, or the law. I have taken fair use into consideration.”
Also include the following statement: “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in this notification is accurate and that I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.”
Include your physical or electronic signature.
Email your takedown notice, including elements 1 through 8 above, to support@observablehq.com.

H. Intellectual Property Notice
Short version: We own the Website, Service and all of our Content. In order for you to use our Content, we give you certain rights to it, but you may only use our Content in the way we have allowed.

1. Observable’s Rights to Content
Observable and our licensors, vendors, agents, and/or our content providers retain ownership of all intellectual property rights of any kind related to the Content, Website and Service. We reserve all rights that are not expressly granted to you under this Agreement or by law. The look and feel of the Website and Service is copyright © Observable, Inc. All rights reserved. You may not duplicate, copy, or reuse any portion of the HTML/CSS, Javascript, or visual design elements or concepts without express written permission from Observable.

I. Advertising on Observable
Short version: We do not generally prohibit the use of Observable for advertising or promotional notebooks. However, we expect our users to follow certain limitations, so that Observable does not become filled with spam.

1. Observable Notebooks
Observable notebooks are intended to host User-Generated Content. You may include static images, links, and promotional text in a notebook, but they must be related to the notebook you are hosting on Observable.

You may not advertise to Other Users through Observable’s collaborative tools, such as by sending monetized or excessive bulk notebooks as suggestions, or sending advertisements through notebook comments.

2. Spamming and Inappropriate Use of Observable
Advertising User-Generated Content, like all User-Generated Content, must not violate the law or these Terms of Use, for example through excessive bulk activity such as spamming. We reserve the right to hide or remove any advertisements that, in our sole discretion, violate any Observable terms or policies.

J. Payment
Short version: You are responsible for any fees associated with your use of Observable. We are responsible for communicating those fees to you clearly and accurately, and letting you know well in advance if prices change.

1. Pricing
Our pricing and payment terms are available at https://observablehq.com/pricing (unless otherwise negotiated by both parties and stated in an order form). If you agree to a subscription price, that will remain your price for the duration of the payment term; however, prices are subject to change at the end of a payment term.

2. Upgrades, Downgrades, and Changes
We will immediately bill you when you sign up for a paid Account, or at the conclusion of your trial period if the Account had a free trial period associated with it.
If you change from a monthly billing plan to an annual billing plan, we will immediately bill you for a full year, subtracting any payment you have already made for the remainder of the month.
When you add Users to your Paid Team Account, we will prorate them on your next monthly bill. If you are on an annual billing plan, we may prorate them for the remainder of the year in advance of your next scheduled annual bill.
You may cancel your service at any time by going into your settings. If you choose to cancel your account, your access will be changed as described in section K.
3. Billing Schedule; No Refunds
For monthly or annual payment plans, the Service is billed in advance on a monthly or annual basis respectively and is non-refundable and not subject to set-off or counterclaim. There will be no refunds for partial months or partial years of service, downgrade refunds, or refunds for months or years unused with an open Paid Account; however, the service will remain active for the length of the paid billing period.
In order to treat everyone equally, no exceptions will be made.
4. Authorization
By agreeing to these Terms, you are giving us permission to charge your on-file credit card or other approved methods of payment for fees that you authorize for Observable. By enabling a third-party service within a workspace, you give the users of that workspace permission to use that service from within Observable, which may incur additional charges from the third-party service.

5. Responsibility for Payment
You are responsible for all fees, including taxes, associated with your use of the Service. By using the Service, you agree to pay Observable any charge incurred in connection with your use of the Service. By using a third-party service integrated with Observable, you agree to pay any charge incurred in connection with your use of that service. If you dispute the matter, contact support@observablehq.com within 30 days or any dispute will be waived. You are responsible for providing us with a valid means of payment for a Team Account. Free Accounts are not required to provide payment information.

K. Cancellation and Termination
Short version: You may cancel your account at any time. If you do, we’ll treat your information responsibly.

1. Account Cancellation or Deletion
It is your responsibility to properly cancel your account with Observable. You can delete your User Account from your account settings page.

You can cancel your Team Account at any time by going into the team settings from your team’s profile page, and clicking on “Billing”, and then “Cancel subscription”. The team settings provide a simple, no-questions-asked cancellation link. To delete your Team Account, your team owner should email the request to support@observablehq.com.

2. Upon Cancellation
A canceled User or Team Account will remain active for the remainder of the current billing period, after which it will be placed into a read-only mode. You may continue to log in and browse your public and private notebooks, but may not create new notebooks or edit existing ones. Your public notebooks will continue to be visible and searchable on Observable.

You may receive a final, prorated bill for any users added to your Team Account between your last paid bill and account cancellation.

Canceled User or Team accounts may be reactivated at any time, unless canceled by Observable.

3. Upon Deletion
We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, but barring legal requirements, we will delete your full profile, the Content of your private notebooks, your Secrets, and any other private information stored on Observable within 90 days of receiving the deletion request or termination (though some information may remain in encrypted backups). This information can not be recovered once your account is deleted.

4. Observable May Terminate
Observable has the right to suspend or terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. Observable reserves the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time and to modify the Website, Services and Content in its sole discretion.

5. Survival
All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination will survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.

L. Communications with Observable
Short version: We use email and other electronic means to stay in touch with our users.

1. Electronic Communication Required
For contractual purposes, you (1) consent to receive communications from us in an electronic form via the email address you have submitted or via the Service; and (2) agree that all Terms of Service, agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that those communications would satisfy if they were on paper. This section does not affect your non-waivable rights.

2. Legal Notice to Observable Must Be in Writing
Communications made through email or any electronic messaging system will not constitute legal notice to Observable or any of its officers, employees, agents or representatives in any situation where notice to Observable is required by contract or any law or regulation. Legal notice to Observable must be in writing and served on Observable’s legal agent.

3. No Phone Support
Observable only offers support via email, in-Service communications, and electronic messages. We do not offer telephone support.

M. Disclaimer of Warranties
Short version: We provide our service as is, and we make no promises or guarantees about this service.

Observable provides the Website and the Service “as is” and “as available,” without warranty of any kind. Without limiting this, we expressly disclaim all warranties, whether express, implied or statutory, regarding the Website and the Service including without limitation any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, security, accuracy, and non-infringement to the fullest extent allowed by law.

Observable does not warrant that the Service will meet your requirements; that the Service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; that the information provided through the Service is accurate, reliable or correct; that any defects or errors will be corrected; that the Service will be available at any particular time or location; or that the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components. You assume full responsibility and risk of loss resulting from your downloading and/or use of files, information, content or other material obtained from the Service and from your use of the Service.

1. Third-Party Services.
Certain features and functionalities within the Service may allow you and your authorized users to interface or interact with, access and/or use compatible third-party services, products, technology and content (collectively, “Third-Party Services”) through the Service. Observable does not provide any aspect of the third-party services and is not responsible for any errors, compatibility issues or bugs in the subscription services or third-party services caused in whole or in part by the third-party services or any update or upgrade thereto.

Further, Observable does not warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person for any loss, liability, or damages of any kind arising from or related to any third-party services, even if such third party services are purchased using an Observable order form. You are solely responsible for entering into agreements to access and use the Third-Party Services, maintain the Third-Party Services and otherwise obtaining any associated licenses and consents necessary for you to use the Third-Party Services. The Third-Party Services’ terms will govern the relationship between you and the vendor of such the Third-Party Service, and as between Observable and you, you are solely responsible for complying therewith. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any third-party services even if such third party services are purchased through an Observable order form.

N. Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, each party’s total cumulative liability to the other party or any third party under this Agreement from all causes of action and all theories of liability will be limited to and will not exceed the fees you’ve actually paid us during the 24 months preceding the claim giving rise to such liability. This limitation does not apply to your misappropriation of Observable intellectual property, damages resulting from your gross negligence, willful misconduct, or violation of law, or to the indemnification obligations below.

You understand and agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any loss of profits, use, goodwill, or data, or for any incidental, indirect, special, consequential or exemplary damages, however arising, including, but not limited to, those that result from

the use, disclosure, or display of your User-Generated Content;
your use or inability to use the Service;
any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service;
the Service generally or the software or systems that make the Service available;
unauthorized access to or alterations of your transmissions or data;
statements or conduct of any third party on the Service;
any other user interactions that you input or receive through your use of the Service; or
any other matter relating to the Service.
Our liability is limited whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damages, and even if a remedy set forth in this Agreement is found to have failed of its essential purpose. We will have no liability for any failure or delay due to matters beyond our reasonable control.

O. Release and Indemnification
Short version: You are responsible for your use of the service, and any integrated third-party services that you configure in your workspace. If you harm someone else or get into a dispute with someone else, we will not be involved.

If you have a dispute with one or more Users, you agree to release Observable from any and all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes.

You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Observable harmless from and against any and all claims, liabilities, and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising out of your use of the Website, the Service, and any integrated third-party solutions, including but not limited to your violation of this Agreement. Observable will (1) promptly give you written notice of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding; (2) give you sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim, demand, suit or proceeding (provided that you may not settle any claim, demand, suit or proceeding unless the settlement unconditionally releases Observable of all liability and imposes no obligation on Observable); and (3) provide to you all reasonable assistance in the defense of the claim, at your expense.

P. Changes to These Terms
Short version: As Observable grows and continues to add features, we may update these Terms of Service. When a material change is made, we’ll post notice of the update on the Website.

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to amend these Terms of Service at any time and will update these Terms of Service in the event of any such amendments. Such modifications and additional terms and conditions will be effective immediately and incorporated into this Agreement. Your continued use of the Website constitutes agreement to our revisions of these Terms of Service.

When a material change to the Terms of Service is made, we will post a notice of the update on the Website.

We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Website (or any part of it) with or without notice.

Q. Miscellaneous
1. Governing Law
Except to the extent applicable law provides otherwise, this Agreement between you and Observable and any access to or use of the Website or the Service are governed by the federal laws of the United States of America and the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict of law provisions. You and Observable agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the courts located in the City and County of San Francisco, California.

2. Non-Assignability
Observable may assign or delegate these Terms of Service, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time with or without your consent, including the license grant in Section E.4. You may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations under the Terms of Service without our prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment and delegation by you is void.

3. Section Headings and Summaries
Throughout this Agreement, each section includes titles and brief summaries of the following terms and conditions. These section titles and brief summaries are not legally binding.

4. Severability, No Waiver, and Survival
If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion of the Agreement will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent. The remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. Any failure on the part of Observable to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not be considered a waiver of our right to enforce such provision. Our rights under this Agreement will survive any termination of this Agreement.

5. Amendments; Complete Agreement
This Agreement may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized representative of Observable, or by the posting by Observable of a revised version in accordance with Section P. Changes to These Terms. These Terms of Service represent the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and us. This Agreement supersedes any proposal or prior agreement oral or written, and any other communications between you and Observable relating to the subject matter of these terms including any confidentiality or nondisclosure agreements.

6. Publicity
If you publicly display the name of your company or organization on your Account or otherwise publicly display its trademarks or logos on your User or Team profile page, you allow us to use your company’s or organization’s name to identify you as an Observable customer in our promotional materials. You may revoke this permission by removing your company or organization name from public display and notifying us at support@observablehq.com to stop using your organization’s name in our promotional materials. However, Observable will have no obligation to remove or recall any prior use or distribution of the promotional materials.

7. Questions
Questions about the Terms of Service? Contact us at support@observablehq.com.

8. Thanks
These Terms of Service were adapted from GitHub’s Terms of Service, Privacy Statement and DMCA Takedown Policy under the Creative Commons Zero license. Thanks, GitHub!