Menu Encyclopaedia Britannica, Inc.Privacy Policy Solely for purposes of placing advertising on the pages of our free, ad-supported Services, the Services are affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a Raptive (“Raptive”), and Raptive will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about Raptive’s data usage or to withdraw your consent to or opt-out of Raptive’s processing of your personal information Your use of our Services is governed by our Terms of Use UR Table of Contents  Your privacy is important to us. We understand that you are aware of and care about your own personal privacy interests, and we take that seriously. This Privacy Notice sets forth your privacy rights and applies to personal information we may collect: through our websites, mobile applications or online services that link to this Privacy Notice (our “Services”); how we will use, disclose and protect this information; and how you can opt out of some of our uses and disclosures of your information. This Privacy Notice does not apply to information collected by our authorized, third-party service providers or that we collect in others ways, such as over the phone, by mail or in person, except where stated otherwise or as required by law. sets forth your privacy rights and applies to personal information we may collect: through our websites, mobile applications or online services that link to this Privacy Notice (our “Services”); how we will use, disclose and protect this information; and how you can opt out of some of our uses and disclosures of your information. This Privacy Notice does not apply to information collected by our authorized, third-party service providers or that we collect in others ways, such as over the phone, by mail or in person, except where stated otherwise or as required by law . Please note: Your decision to use any of our Services and provide your personal information is voluntary. We indicate on our online, mobile, and other registration forms what types of personal information are requested. You may choose not to submit requested information online, or may choose to restrict the use of cookies (see our [email protected] In accordance with the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly solicit, nor will we accept, personal information from users known to be under thirteen (13) years of age without the consent of their educational institution or the child’s parent or guardian. We do, however, use COPPA-compliant, third party services that automatically collect or share certain information and usage data with us to support our internal operations as described in this Privacy Notice. Use of Our Premium Subscription Services We process your personal information to administer and manage your subscription, deliver the subscriber benefits described below, inform you of prizes and other benefits or opportunities associated with your subscription and respond to your information requests. We may also use this information for legitimate business purposes that help us analyze the demographic of our subscribers and understand our users’ needs and interests to better tailor our products and services to meet user needs and deliver additional services to our users. Promotions and other special features Newsletters ar gifs, helping us monitor and improve our newsletters. For more information, please see Quizzes Whenever you play our Quizzes, we collect data about your interactions with each Quiz. This information may be associated with your user name, IP address or device ID for the purpose of providing our Services and improving them. In addition, when you play a Quiz, your user name, related photo and Quiz score may be displayed in our “Quiz Leaderboard” for other players to see. If you do not want your user name and related photo displayed in the Quiz Leaderboard, please refrain from playing our Quizzes. Logging in using social networking credentials If you log-in to our Services using a social media (such as Facebook or Twitter) log-in, you are granting permission to the social media service to share your user details with us. This may include your name, email address, date of birth and location, which will then be used to create a Britannica identity. These social media services may use information about your visit to our Services on their pages. If you browse these pages while still logged in to your account with us, information they collect may be connected to your account on their Web site. For more information on how these social media services use information, please review their privacy policies. Posting from home Prospect and Referral Information If a User visits a Service and submits an email address to Britannica but fails to complete the registration or purchase process, we may use such “prospect” information to contact the prospective User from time to time with offers from Britannica or its wholly owned subsidiary, Merriam-Webster, Incorporated (“Merriam-Webster”) and information about new features, new services, and special discounts we think the User may see as valuable. Similarly, if a User forwards a Britannica email to a friend, we may use the “referral” information provided to contact the friend from time to time with offers from Britannica or Merriam-Webster and information about new features, new services, and special discounts we think the friend may see as valuable. We do not sell or rent any contact information for such “prospects” or “referrals.” Payment card information You may choose to purchase goods or subscription services from Britannica using a payment card. Typically, payment card information is provided directly by you via the Services, into the PCI/DSS-compliant payment processing service to which Britannica subscribes, and Britannica does not, itself, process or store your card information. Subscriber Communications As a benefit of membership, Britannica subscribers may receive the following communications from us or our wholly owned subsidiary, Merriam-Webster: page. Non-subscriber communications from us and our approved, third-party partners If you choose to provide us with personal information on any of our free, ad-supported Services, you may receive the following types of emails from us: When you provide us with your personal information, you can let us know that you do not wish to receive special offers from Britannica, Merriam-Webster or Britannica’s third-party partners. Also, each special offer will have information available to allow you to “opt-out” if you no longer wish to receive special offers. Authorized service providers For legitimate business interests, we may share your personal information with service providers that perform certain services on our behalf, such as processing credit card payments, performing business and sales analysis, and supporting our Services’ functionality, including Autopilot and Salesforce. Business partners When you make purchases or engage in our promotions, we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant’s offer or program, you expressly authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant. Surveys We may occasionally conduct on-line surveys. All surveys are voluntary and you may decline to participate. Direct mail partners Law enforcement As explained above, Britannica processes your data to provide you with the products and services you have requested or purchased from us, including subscriptions, special features, newsletters and other content. Sometimes we use third-party providers to facilitate the delivery of the services described above, and these third-party providers may be supplied with or have access to your personal information for the sole purpose of providing services to you on our behalf, such as our newsletters. We also use your data for legitimate business purposes that enable us to refine our products and services to better tailor them to your needs and communicate with you about other products and services offered by Britannica. In addition, we may disclose your personal information in special legal circumstances. For instance, such information may be used where it is necessary to protect our copyright or intellectual property rights, or if the law requires us to do so. Web beacons, tags, and scripts also may be used on our Services or in email or other electronic communications we send to you. These assist us in delivering cookies, counting visits to our Services, understanding usage and campaign effectiveness and determining whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our third-party service providers on an individual and aggregated basis. Britannica and its authorized, third-party service providers use cookies, beacons, and other similar technologies on our Services either with your consent or for our legitimate business purposes to ensure you can navigate or otherwise use our Services and access secure areas of our Services. We also use these technologies for statistical purposes and to analyze and improve the use of our Services and prepare aggregated usage reports. As described below, on our free, ad-supported Services, we use these technologies for our legitimate business purposes of providing standard advertising controls, determining user response to advertisements and promotions, and delivering targeted advertisements that we or our authorized, third-party service providers believe will be of most interest to you. We may also use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Services, analyze trends, track visitor movements, and gather broad demographic information that assists us in identifying visitor preferences. For our legitimate business interests, we may process your personal information for analytic purposes on all of our Services as described in this section. We may also receive other data about your use of our Services from other sources. This information may include (but is not limited to) information about your activities across unrelated websites and mobile applications, information about the possible relationships between different browsers and devices and information that we receive from our third-party service providers. We may add this information to the information to the information we have already collect through our Services. Please note that limiting third-party cookies via your browser controls does not prevent our first-party cookies from being set in this way. Also, please know, if you opt-out of interest-based advertising you will continue to receive ads on our free, ad-supported Services, but not behaviorally targeted ads. Also, if you opt-out of Britannica’s practices, you may continue to receive interest-based advertising through other companies. If you erase your browser’s cookies, you may need to perform this process again. Anonymous aggregated data may be provided to other companies we do business with for statistical purposes. For example, we may report to advertisers that a certain percentage of our site’s visitors are adults between the ages of 25 and 35. For our legitimate business interests, we process your device identifiers as described in this section. When you use a mobile device like a tablet or cell phone to access our Services, we may access and monitor one or more “device identifiers.” Device identifiers are small data files associated with your mobile device that uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may deliver information to us or a third party partner about how you browse and use the services and may help us or others provide reports or personalized ads. Some features of the services may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled. Third-party activities For our legitimate business interests, and with your consent where this is required, we may process data collected by us for advertising, including interest-based advertising, as described in this section. As described above, in order to monetize our free, ad-supported Services, we work with third-party service providers, advertisers and advertising networks that use cookies and other similar technologies to target ads served to our free, ad-supported Services. Our Privacy Notice does not cover the use of data that you provide directly to advertisers or third-party partners; that usage is governed by the advertiser’s or third party partner’s privacy policy. What does it mean to “serve ads”? When you visit a website, your Internet browser transmits a “request” to the computer that hosts the website (the “host server”) requesting that server to send you (or “serve”) the Web page that you are seeking. Most Web pages contain components that are pulled from different sources, for example, a Web page at a news site may get its weather section from one provider, its sports results from a different source, and advertisements from other servers. Our Web pages contain coding that directs your browser to fill the ad spaces on the Web pages with content served by advertisers and advertising networks to whom we have sold the ad spaces. These advertisers and advertising networks use cookies and beacons to help manage ad delivery and frequency and to identify audience segment(s) for customized advertising (“targeting”). These cookies are used to identify your IP address, so that when you visit another website using the same advertising network, the advertising network will recognize the cookie as one of its own, read the information on the cookie (the record of which sites in the network you have visited) and serve you an ad that you might be interested in, based on your past visits to other sites in the network. Advertising targeted based on past Web surfing is known as “behavioral advertising.” Some advertising networks require that we specifically list their opt-out links below. When you opt-out of a network, you may receive a “opt-out” cookie so that the network will know not to assign you new cookies in the future. You will continue to receive ads from that network, but not behaviorally targeted ads. If you erase your browser’s cookies, you may need to perform this process again. You can opt-out of being behaviorally targeted by Britannica (and other companies employing online advertising) via the following options: Please remember, if you opt-out of interest-based advertising you will continue to receive ads on our free, ad-supported Services, but not behaviorally targeted ads. Also, if you opt-out of Britannica’s practices, you may continue to receive interest-based advertising through other companies. Browser controls Google Analytics IX & LiveRamp You can control the use of your personal data by IX and LiveRamp as follows: How we respond to “Do Not Track” signals When you visit a website in any browser, you automatically share information with that website, such as your IP address, and other standard PC information. If the website contains content provided by a third-party website (for example a web measurement tools such as a web beacon or scripts), some information about you may be automatically sent to the content provider. This type of arrangement has several benefits, such as allowing you to access third-party content from our Services conveniently. Some internet browsers or other tools include “Do Not Track” (DNT) features that, when turned on, send a signal to websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked across websites over time. However, since no technology standard for DNT signals has been developed or adopted to date, our Services do not currently respond to DNT signals. A note to minors: If you are under the age of 16, please get permission from your parent/legal guardian or school before using the Services. If we discover that we have collected any personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 16 without the proper consents required by law, we will suspend the associated account and/or remove that information from our database as soon as possible. Student Data If you are a student with access to our Institutional Services through an Institutional Subscription License Agreement between your school institution and us, your student service data is processed in a way that is COPPA- and FERPA-compliant. As you use the Institutional Services, you may enter student data or interact with student data that has already been entered. Under the terms of our contracts with school institutions, we agree to act as a “School Official” as defined by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), meaning that we: However, FERPA requires limitations on disclosure of those records and implementation of appropriate security measures to protect those records. To help your school district comply with FERPA, we have adopted certain practices, and require that educators using this site fulfill certain responsibilities to safeguard student data. The following statement explains our practices and your responsibilities regarding the student data you enter on this site. Student Data Security & Confidentiality Statement Purposes of Data Entry You control what student data is entered on our Kids’ Service or Institutional Services and you retain ownership of the student data at all times. Student data entered on this site should be limited to information that is relevant to the legitimate educational purpose of improving student performance. We will not ask you to enter, and you are instructed not to enter, data about students that is not relevant to this legitimate educational purpose. Therefore, only a minimum amount of personally identifiable student data required for the setup of the system is requested. Additional data, not specific to the student, is also required to complete system setup, including the teacher first and last name, class name, grade level, and school name. Use, Disclosure, and Storage We will use the student data to provide the subscribed-to Institutional Services to your school institution. We will not keep the student data after you or the school district instructs us to delete it. We will only disclose student data to authorized employees or representatives of the school institution, and will not knowingly disclose the student data to any third person without express written authorization. When, at the request of the school institution, we acquire assessment or other information, including personally identifiable student data, from a third party source we treat that information with the same confidentiality and security safeguards as though it were provided directly by the school institution. Additional agreements may be required by the third party to authorize transmission of data to us. Your school institution may from time to time request that we provide student data to third parties of its choosing. We will do so with written authorization, which acknowledges that we are providing that data as the requesting institution’s agent and that once the data is received by the third party, we no longer has any control over the use or disposition of the data. We may also use aggregated data in our research, product development, and marketing. That aggregated, non-personally identifiable data (e.g., summary or statistical data) may be shared with third parties. However, we do not use personally identifiable student data to market any products or services directly to students or their parents. In the event that we wish, from time to time, to release aggregated data that identifies a school or school district by name, we will enter into a separate agreement with the institution to authorize release and publication. We do not utilize third parties to provide products and do not share your student data with any third parties. Security of Your InformationBritannica is committed to keeping your personal information safe and secure. Any personal information collected through the Services is stored on limited-access servers. We maintain a comprehensive information security program and seek to use commercially reasonable organizational, physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect these servers and the information they store from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, loss or modification. Our security measures include (among others): encryption of data; security controls that protect the entirety of Britannica’s IT infrastructure from external attack and unauthorized access; and internal policies setting out our data security approach and training for employees, including a Data Breach Notification Policy. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We strive to restrict access to your personal information to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we strive to ensure that all our employees are aware of the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information.If there is an unauthorized disclosure of personal information in Britannica’s possession or control, we will take steps in accordance with our written Incident Response Policy to investigate and mitigate the impact of the breach and notify affected customers in the manner required by applicable laws. Britannica is committed to keeping your personal information safe and secure. Any personal information collected through the Services is stored on limited-access servers. We maintain a comprehensive information security program and seek to use commercially reasonable organizational, physical, technical and administrative safeguards to protect these servers and the information they store from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, loss or modification. Our security measures include (among others): encryption of data; security controls that protect the entirety of Britannica’s IT infrastructure from external attack and unauthorized access; and internal policies setting out our data security approach and training for employees, including a Data Breach Notification Policy. We update and test our security technology on an ongoing basis. We strive to restrict access to your personal information to those employees who need to know that information to provide benefits or services to you. In addition, we strive to ensure that all our employees are aware of the importance of confidentiality and maintaining the privacy and security of your information. If there is an unauthorized disclosure of personal information in Britannica’s possession or control, we will take steps in accordance with our written Incident Response Policy to investigate and mitigate the impact of the breach and notify affected customers in the manner required by applicable laws. Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information about You Encyclopaedia Britannica’s headquarters are in the United States. Information we collect from you will be processed in the United States and may be stored, transferred to, and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. These countries may be outside your country of residence, including the United States, and may have different data protection laws than your country.If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Encyclopaedia Britannica collects and transfers personal data out of the EEA only: with your consent; to perform a contract with you; or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of Encyclopaedia Britannica in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. Encyclopaedia Britannica endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with us and the practices described in this Privacy Notice. Encyclopaedia Britannica’s headquarters are in the United States. Information we collect from you will be processed in the United States and may be stored, transferred to, and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. These countries may be outside your country of residence, including the United States, and may have different data protection laws than your country. If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Encyclopaedia Britannica collects and transfers personal data out of the EEA only: with your consent; to perform a contract with you; or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of Encyclopaedia Britannica in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms. Encyclopaedia Britannica endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with us and the practices described in this Privacy Notice. Users may opt out of certain Services or correct, update, or remove certain personal information that Britannica has collected about them through any of the means listed below. Please be sure to include the following information in your correspondence: Your email addressYour first and last nameYour mailing address (street, city, state, zip code, and country)The name of the Britannica Service to which the request applies Email us at: Call us at: (800) 323-1229 (within the United States), or(312) 347-7159 (outside the United States)Monday – Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. (U.S. Central Time). Write us at: Britannica Customer Service, Attn: Removal from Mailing List325 North LaSalle Street, Suite 200Chicago, IL 60654-2682Please allow up to six (6) weeks for mailed-in or faxed opt-out requests to be processed. Account Deletion: This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained elsewhere in this Privacy Notice and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the State of California (“consumers” or “you”). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this notice. Information We Collect Our websites, software applications (apps), emails (with your consent, where required by law), and other products, services and platforms collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). In particular, our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms may have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months: Category Collected A. Identifiers YES B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law NO D. Commercial information. E. Biometric information. F. Internet or other similar network activity. G. Geolocation data. H. Sensory data. I. Professional or employment-related information. J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). K. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Personal information does not include: Use of Personal Information We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for one or more of the following business purposes: The Company will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. Sharing Personal Information The Company may disclose your personal information to a third-party for a business purpose or sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales (see ‘Sales of Personal Information’ below). When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. The CCPA prohibits third parties who purchase the personal information we hold from reselling it unless you have received explicit notice and an opportunity to opt-out of further sales (see ‘Sales of Personal Information’ below). We may share your personal information with the following categories of third parties: Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose In the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: [Category A: Identifiers.] [Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.] [Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.][Category G: Geolocation Data.][Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.] Sales of Personal Information Except with respect to our Institutional Services, in the preceding twelve (12) months, the Company has sold the following categories of personal information collected through our ad-supported Services: [Category A: Identifiers.] [Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.][Category G: Geolocation Data.][Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.] The Company and our advertising partners collect the personal information identified above (such as the cookies stored on your browser, the advertising identifier on your mobile device, or the IP address of your device) when you visit our websites, apps, and other products, services and platforms, or open our emails. We, and our partners, use this information to tailor and deliver ads to you on our websites, apps, emails, and other products, services and platforms, or to help tailor ads to you when you visit others’ sites (or use others’ apps). To tailor ads that may be more relevant to you, we and/or our partners may share the information we collect with third parties. Your Rights and Choices The CCPA provides consumers (California residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights. Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that the Company disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you: Deletion Request Rights You have the right to request that the Company delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: Only you, or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request. Response Timing and Format We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing in accordance with CCPA requirements. If you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights If you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the “right to opt-out”). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt-in”) from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time. You do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request. Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not: However, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any CCPA-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. We currently provide the following financial incentives: COMING SOON Other California Privacy Rights Changes to Our Privacy Notice Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which the Company collects and uses your information described herein, your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at: Phone: (800) 323-1229; Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. (U.S. Central Time) Website: Email: Postal Address: Encyclopaedia Britannica, Inc.Attn: M.G. Kim, DPO325 N. LaSalle Street, Suite 200Chicago, Illinois 60654 Encyclopaedia Britannica is headquartered in Illinois USA. Encyclopaedia Britannica has appointed an EU representative and data protection officer for you to contact if you have any questions or concerns about Encyclopaedia Britannica’s personal data policies or practices. Our EU representative’s name and contact information are: Our data protection officer’s name and contact information are: Business TransfersAs we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice or Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Encyclopaedia Britannica, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets, and will remain subject to our Privacy Notice. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice or Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Encyclopaedia Britannica, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets, and will remain subject to our Privacy Notice. Acceptance of Privacy Notice Terms and ConditionsBy using the Services, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Services. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Notice at any time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Notice that impact your privacy rights, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Services prior to the effective date of such changes with an opportunity for you to review the same, unless otherwise required by applicable law. All non-material amended terms automatically will take effect when they are posted on the Services. Please check this page periodically for any modifications. Your continued use of any of the Services following the posting of any non-material changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. All other amended terms will take effect 30 days after you are notified of the same. By using the Services, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Services. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Notice at any time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Notice that impact your privacy rights, we will notify you by posting a notice on the Services prior to the effective date of such changes with an opportunity for you to review the same, unless otherwise required by applicable law. All non-material amended terms automatically will take effect when they are posted on the Services. Please check this page periodically for any modifications. Your continued use of any of the Services following the posting of any non-material changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes. All other amended terms will take effect 30 days after you are notified of the same.