You need to enable javascript to be able to use this website. F-List is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of visitors to our web sites as well as the privacy of customers who buy from us. For visitors, we've structured our web sites so that, in general, you can visit us on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. For customers, once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), it will only be used to support your customer relationship with F-List unless indicated otherwise. The F-List website conforms to the requirements of the Data Protection Act, 1998. When you visit our website, our web server collects basic user information about you that includes your IP Address, your browser type and version, your locally configured language and locale, and the pages within our web site that you visit. We may at times also use cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on your computer. Cookies allow a web application to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the website can tailor its operation to your needs, likes and dislikes. We may aggregate information collected from other Websites in order to better tailor our website and products to your interests. When you visit our website and log in as a registered member, our web server collects additional information about you, including your email address, and any character information you may enter. If you use our customer services ticketing system, it will also collect messages, tickets and attachments submitted via our ticket system. If you email us, our website will collect the contents, subject line and other information relating to emails you send us. When you make a purchase through our website, our web server collects additional information about you, including product purchase and order history and payment transaction IDs. We do not store financial information (credit card numbers, CVV code, etc) for any reason. When you click on an advertisement for F-List on another website, our web server collects additional information about you, including the name of the website you were visiting, the URL of the page you were viewing before clicking on the advertisement, and the content of the advertisement you clicked on. We may also collect information regarding how many times an advertisement was shown to you before you clicked on it. Information is collected via the following methods: We share data for the purpose of providing our services to you. We share your name, email address, billing address, financial information including credit card information (we do not store this ourselves), your order number and the value of your order with our payment providers. We do this in order to process payment for your order. We share your IP address with our advertising providers. We do this in order to facilitate the processing of advertising commission payments, and to serve geographically targeted adverts on other website. Important note: This information is not shared with websites upon which adverts are displayed; it’s shared only with the advertising network. We may disclose this information in order to perform the tasks listed above in ‘Who do we share data with, and why?’. We will not disclose customer personal and account information to others, unless we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of F-List, our customers, or others, or where F-List has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure. F-List also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties personally identifiable information. The circumstances under which F-List will disclose such personally identifiable information are when: We use this information for a number of purposes, including generating statistics and reports on website activity and improving our website. We use it for the purposes of marketing, improving the content and relevancy of our advertisements, and tailoring the content of our website to your interests.