Contact Sales  Start Free Last Updated: February 12, 2021 ‍ Welcome to Backblaze! Thank you for using our service. We’re glad you’re here. These Terms of Service ("Terms") apply to your use of Backblaze's website, products, and services. Please read them carefully and let us know if you have any questions. By using Backblaze, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you're using Backblaze on behalf of an organization, you agree to these Terms on behalf of that organization. All content on Backblaze is protected by intellectual property laws. You'll find a few different types of content on our service. Your use of our services must comply with our Terms and applicable Backblaze policies, as well as applicable law, including export control laws and regulations, privacy laws, intellectual property laws and other third party legal rights. You are solely responsible for the development, content, and use of the files you upload to Backblaze and you assume all risks associated with them, including intellectual property or other legal claims. By storing files with Backblaze, you represent that you have all necessary rights to store, use and, if applicable, publicize that material, and that doing so does not conflict with, violate or misappropriate any third party legal rights, conflict with licenses you've granted to others, violate any applicable law or regulations, or any of our Terms or applicable Backblaze policies. Our services will allow you to share your files with others, which is in your sole control and discretion. You are responsible for taking appropriate steps to secure and protect your account and your files, such as setting up and maintaining the proper configuration and use of our services, as well as using encryption to protect your files from unauthorized access when and if applicable. Please be careful about what files you choose to share. Backblaze doesn't actively monitor the files you upload, download or share. However, we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to remove files you store with Backblaze and/or suspend your access to your account in the event we become aware that your use of our services or files violate any of Backblaze’s Terms or applicable policies, or any applicable law and/or regulations, such as copyright infringement, we learn the material is patently unlawful, we learn the material is malware or supports the distribution of malware, etc. We assume no liability for any content that you or anyone else stores with Backblaze. All of the information that you provide as part of the account registration and setup, and on-going use of the account, is accurate, complete and authorized by the account holder. Backblaze is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws. Backblaze gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, and non-exclusive license to use the software we provide you to use our service. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use Backblaze as permitted by these Terms. If you violate these Terms, we may terminate this license. All rights to Backblaze—except third-party content—are the exclusive property of Backblaze and its licensors. Nothing in these Terms authorizes you to use any of Backblaze trademarks, logos, domain names, or other distinctive brand features except as otherwise permitted by law. Backblaze strives to maintain a great service. To that end, we require you to comply with certain limitations, and we may suspend or terminate your account if you use our service in a manner that violates our Terms or applicable policies, including but not limited to the following: We're always working to improve Backblaze and make our services better, so we do reserve some rights. In our sole discretion, we may, at any time—with or without notice—change, eliminate or restrict access to our services, and modify, suspend, or terminate a user account. If you stop paying for our service or violate any of our Terms or applicable policies, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account and may delete your data. Backblaze is not liable for any damages as a result of these actions. We sometimes release products and features that we’re still testing and evaluating (“Beta Services”). Beta Services are labeled “alpha,” “beta,” “preview,” “early access,” or “evaluation” (or with words or phrases with similar meanings) and may not be as reliable as Backblaze’s other services. Beta Services are made available in part so that we can collect user feedback, and by using our Beta Services, you agree that we may contact you to collect such feedback. Beta Services are confidential until official launch. If you use any Beta Services, you agree not to disclose any information about those Services to anyone else without our permission. Backblaze may contain links to websites, services, and advertisements that we neither own nor control. We don't endorse or assume responsibility for any third-party sites, information, materials, products, or services. You will receive messages to verify your phone number and authenticate your login (if you choose that option.) Messages will come from 89722 to customers with U.S. numbers and from 10-digit numbers to customers with international numbers or in response to requests to resend the code. Message & data rates may apply. Reply to the message with HELP for help or STOP to cancel. Supported carriers include AT&T, Boost Mobile, T-Mobile, Metro PCS, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, U.S. Cellular, Nextel, Virgin Mobile, and others. Backblaze is only for users 13 years old and older. If we become aware that a child under 13 has created an account, we will terminate that account. If you set up Backblaze for a business, organization, or other group, you must operate your account consistent with your group's policies. If you are using a Backblaze service set up by a group administrator, that administrator may be able to access, restrict, terminate, or remove information from your Backblaze account. When you create a Backblaze account you will be required to set your account credentials—an email address and a password that you choose. You may optionally configure a second factor on your account, such as SMS messaging, a Private Encryption Key for your computer backup, or backup codes. You are responsible for accurately maintaining and safeguarding your account credentials, including the devices, keys, codes, etc. used for the second factor if you choose to use one. To log in to your account and access your files you will be required to provide valid account credentials, including any second factor you had previously configured. Backblaze is under no obligation to provide you access to your account or your files if you are unable to provide the appropriate account credentials including any second factor you have configured. Backblaze is provided "as is" without any warranties, express or implied. Except where otherwise prohibited by law, Backblaze disclaims all warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. (Some states don't allow these disclaimers, so this provision might not apply to you.) To the fullest extent allowed by law, Backblaze shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, or any loss of profits or revenues, whether incurred directly or indirectly, or any loss of data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses resulting from (A) your access to, use of, inability to access, or inability to use Backblaze; (B) any third party conduct or content on Backblaze, including any defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of third parties; or (C) any unauthorized access, use, or alteration of your content. (Some states don't allow these limitations, so this provision might not apply to you.) You and Backblaze agree that each party may bring disputes against the other only in an individual capacity and not on behalf of any class of people. You and Backblaze agree not to participate in a class action, a class-wide arbitration, claims brought in a representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person's account. You and Backblaze agree not to combine a claim subject to arbitration under this agreement with a claim that is not eligible for arbitration under this agreement. You and Backblaze agree to waive the right to a trial by jury for all disputes. You may opt out of the agreement to arbitrate. If you do so, neither you nor Backblaze can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must notify Backblaze within 90 days of the date that you first agreed to these Terms. To opt out by mail, send your written opt-out notice to this address: Backblaze, Inc.c/o Arbitration Opt-Out, 500 Ben Franklin Ct., San Mateo, CA 94401. Your written opt-out notice must include (1) your name and residence address; (2) the email address associated with your account; (3) a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement; (4) date sent, and (5) your signature. Alternatively, you can opt out online by fully sending an email with the above information to: legal@backblaze.com. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Backblaze from and against all liabilities, damages, and costs (including settlement costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of any claim by a third party against Backblaze and its affiliates regarding (a) files stored with us by you or your users, (b) your domains, or (c) your or your users’ use of Backblaze in violation of these terms. These Terms will be governed by the laws of the State of California, except for its conflict of laws principles. For claims that aren't subject to arbitration, we each agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of a state court located in San Francisco County, California or in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. No waiver of any provision of these Terms shall be a further or continuing waiver of that term. Backblaze's failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms does not constitute a waiver of that right or provision. We welcome all questions, concerns, and feedback you might have about these terms. If you have suggestions for us, let us know at legal@backblaze.com. Previous Version(s):