 Sign Up Baidu's Terms and Conditions By using this website, you are entering into the following Terms of Use Agreement with Baidu Deutschland GmbH ("Baidu"): This 'Terms of Use' Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the Baidu service for all users. By using the website baidu.eu, you (the "Member" or "You") agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice. Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted here. Your continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended. The site is provided on an "as is" and on an "as available" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Baidu makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Baidu shall have no liability to any person or entity arising from or relating to any interruptions of any nature whatsoever in the use of, or access to, this Website . Baidu disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, therefore some of the above limitations is inapplicable. 1. Disclaimer of Warranties. Baidu shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including without limitation, any special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, business interruption, or loss of use, arising out of or related to this web site or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise, even if Baidu has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow for the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, therefore some of the above limitations is inapplicable. 2. Limitation of Liability You agree to indemnify and hold Baidu, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Member, or other user of the Service using Member's computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity. 3. Indemnification Baidu reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to you. Baidu shall not be liable to you or any third party should Baidu exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. Member acknowledges and accepts that Baidu does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control. 4. Modifications and Interruption to Service Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites. Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Members to review said privacy policies of third-parties' sites. You acknowledge that from time to time we might use your pictures on third party sites without your express permission. 5. Third-Party Sites Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Baidu is strictly prohibited. Members agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Baidu. Baidu are proprietary marks of Baidu and its trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided by Baidu, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Baidu. All other trademarks displayed on Baidu's website are the trademarks of their respective owners, and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those Vendors. In addition, such use of trademarks or links to the web sites of vendors is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those Vendors endorse or have any affiliation with Baidu. 6. Copyright and Trademark Information We take copyrights serious, so we reserve the right to disable images that 3rd parties claim violate their copyrights. If you claim that any of your intellectual property rights are violated by images posted on this site, you may contact us through our legal counsel: 7. Legal Claims Bavelaar Advocaten B.V. Keizersgracht 261 1016 EC Amsterdam The Netherlands You can also report such violations to legal@baidu.eu This web site is provided for use by human beings only through a web browser. Any other access, including through software executing scripts resembling the use by browser, is strictly prohibited. You are not allowed to download any data or portion thereof (text, pictures, video) and store it for access by programs other than a web browser. 8. Botnets