The terms for this service are easy to read. The service provides a free help desk. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. The service may give prior notice before closing your account. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. You maintain ownership of your data. You must create an account to use this service. This service assumes no liability for unauthorized access to your personal information. The service has a no refund policy. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. The court of law governing the terms is in location California, USA. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. If you offer suggestions to the service, they become the owner of the ideas that you give them. The service promises to inform and/or notify users regarding government inquiries that may involve users' personal data. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. You have the right to leave this service at any time. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. User accounts can be terminated after having been in breach of the terms of service repeatedly. Defend, indemnify; survives termination. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. You waive your right to a class action.. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, users are notified at least 30 days in advance. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You agree to defend and indemnify the service in case of a claim related to your use of the service. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection.