 Sign In | Privacy Check out this page on Dell.com! Dell U.S. Privacy StatementThis Privacy Statement explains how Dell Technologies, Inc. (“Dell”, “we” or “our”) and our affiliated companies (unless they have published their own privacy statement), collect, process, use, protect and share your personal information as well as your privacy rights under certain privacy laws and how you can exercise those rights. This Privacy Statement explains how Dell Technologies, Inc. (“Dell”, “we” or “our”) and our affiliated companies (unless they have published their own privacy statement), collect, process, use, protect and share your personal information as well as your privacy rights under certain privacy laws and how you can exercise those rights. Information We Collect About You How We Use and Share Your Information We use your personal information for purposes such as: Providing you with our products and services and enhancing the quality of your customer support; Tailoring your customer experience. For example by making product or service recommendations to you Improving our products and services Complying with applicable laws. Improving the safety and security of our website, products and services. For example by detecting, preventing, investigating and responding to risks that could harm you or Dell. Our Use of Cookies and Other Technologies Your Consumer Privacy Rights California Residents Virginia Consumers Your Marketing Choices Contact Us Dell Technologies Inc. Attention: Dell’s Privacy Office One Dell Way, RR1-61 Round Rock, Texas 78682, USA Changes to This Privacy Statement We may make changes to this Privacy Statement from time to time. If there are material changes to the Privacy Statement, we will revise the “last updated” date at the bottom of this statement. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to learn how Dell is protecting your personal information. Information We Collect About YouThe types of information we collect about you depends on your use of our products, services and the ways you interact with us. This may include information about:How you use or visit our websites, accounts with Dell or applications.How you use our services and products and interact with us.Contact, billing and other information you provide.Improving and developing our products and services.Personalizing and recommending our products and services.Advertising and marketing to you, including sending promotional communications, targeting advertising and presenting you with relevant offers.We also obtain information from third-party sources. We protect information obtained from third parties according to the privacy practices as described in this Privacy Statement. These third-party sources can change, and may include:Data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the information we collected about you.Communication services, including email providers and social networks, when you give permission to access your information on such third-party services or networks.Partners with which we offer co-branded products or services, or engage in joint-marketing activities.Publicly available sources such as open government databases.The personal information we collect can include the following:Contact details such as your name, email address, mailing address and telephone numbers.Employment information such as your job title and other business or company information.Credentials such as your passwords, password hints and similar security information used for authentication and MyAccount access.Demographic information such as your age, gender, country, interests and preferences. Web form information you provide in our web forms (forms you choose to complete will indicate whether the data requested is mandatory or voluntary).Payment information to process payments, such as a credit card number and associated security code.Account history information related to products or services you purchase and activities associated with your account.Cookie and tracking information such as IP address, device identifier, location data, browser type and language, access times, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL), other unique identifiers and technical data that may uniquely identify your device, system or browser.Browser history information about the websites you visit.Error reports and performance information of the products and any problems you experience, including error reports.Troubleshooting and help information when you contact Dell to make a purchase or for technical support or customer support services, phone conversations or chat sessions with our representatives which may be monitored and recorded.Content consumption information about media content (e.g. T.V., apps and games) you access through our products.Feedback and rating information you provide to us such as customer survey feedback and product reviews you write.COVID-19 health and vaccination status and thermal temperature readings (as permitted by applicable law or in compliance with applicable public health directives).Workspace location information. COVID-19 Health Survey Tools, Thermal Vision Camera and COVID Self-Reporting Attention: Privacy Office Colorado Consumers Connecticut Residents Dell Technologies Inc Dell Technologies Inc.Attention: Privacy OfficeOne Dell Way, RR1-61Round Rock, Texas 78682, USA Submitting Access or Deletion Requests How We Secure Your Information Collection and Use of Children's Information Links to Third-Party Websites and Services Ultrabook, Celeron, Celeron Inside, Core Inside, Intel, Intel Logo, Intel Atom, Intel Atom Inside, Intel Core, Intel Inside, Intel Inside Logo, Intel vPro, Itanium, Itanium Inside, Pentium, Pentium Inside, vPro Inside, Xeon, Xeon Phi, Xeon Inside, and Intel Optane are trademarks of Intel Corporation or its subsidiaries in the U.S. and/or other countries.