 Product Solutions Resources Pricing Download Sign In Privacy policy. . Most Terms of Use and Privacy Policy documents are unreadable. They are written by lawyers and for lawyers, and in our opinion are not very effective. Privacy is important, and we want you to understand the issues involved. For that reason we decided to use plain English as much as possible, to make our terms as clear as possible. Some sections still have room for improvement - we plan to tackle these over time. Where you read 'homeserver', 'homeservers' or 'the Homeserver', it refers to the services configured within Element which store the user account and personal conversation history, provide additional functionality such as bots and bridges, and (where enabled by the Customer) communicate via the open Matrix decentralised communication protocol with the public Matrix Network. Where you read 'Element' or 'we' or 'us' below, it refers to Element, a trading name of New Vector Ltd., its French subsidiary: Element Software SARL, its U.S. subsidiary: Element Software Inc, its German subsidiary: Element Software GmbH, and their agents. Element is the Data Controller for your data. We can be contacted as per the details below: [email protected] Postal address:Elementc/o New Vector Ltd10 Queen Street PlaceLondonUnited KingdomEC4R 1AG This document explains how we process personal data, as it relates to: This document does not cover: If you are using the matrix.org server provided by the Matrix Foundation, you can find the relevant Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions here: This document is designed to explain Data Protections issues relating to Element Customers and Users. Put simply, you're a Customer if you're paying (or otherwise compensating) Element to provide a dedicated hosted messaging service. If you have an account registered on a homeserver that you use to send and receive messages, or use the Element chat app to connect any server within the Matrix Protocol, you are a User. It is possible to be both a Customer and a User, but we encourage you to consider these roles separately when thinking about Data Protection concerns. Over time we may make changes to this document. If we make a material change we will provide the Customer with reasonable notice prior to the change. We will set forth the date upon which the changes will become effective; any use of Element by the Customer, or any use of a hosted homeserver from EMS by a User will constitute the Customer's acceptance of these changes. Your access and use of Element is always subject to the most current version of this document. Element has different legal basis for processing, based on which product you are using: The Customer can use Element Matrix Services to provision and manage hosted Matrix homeservers. The Customer owns and controls all messages and files submitted to their homeserver by User accounts registered natively on their homeserver. This ownership does not extend to messages and files submitted over federation or bridging. This means that, in addition to the usual data access controls defined by the Matrix protocol, all unencrypted messages and files can be accessed by the Customer, and that access is retained even if no User account within the system retains access to the data. ‍ You have rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you. Some of these only apply in certain circumstances. Some of these rights are explored in more detail elsewhere in this document. For completeness, your rights under GDPR are: The information we collect is for the purpose of supporting your management of hosted homeservers through Element Matrix Services, or to support operational maintenance of the Element Matrix client. We do not profile homeserver Users or their data, but we might profile metadata pertaining to the configuration and management of hosted homeservers so that we can improve our products and services. We collect information about you when you input it to the Element or Element Matrix Services apps or otherwise provide it directly to us. We collect information when you register for an account. This information is kept to a minimum on purpose, and is restricted to: Your authentication identifier is used to authenticate your access to Element Matrix Services at https://ems.host and to uniquely identify you. We never have access to, nor store your full credit card information. We require you to enter your billing information. This data, as well as the last four digits of your credit card which is sent to us by our payment processor, is stored in our transaction database in order to maintain our financial records. This information appears on your invoice, which can be accessed by anyone who has been sent the url link to your invoice. We make the invoice links purposefully long and hard to guess for added security, and we prevent search engines from indexing them. The history of changes to the billing contact information on the invoice made by you or our team are logged and stored in our transaction database. The data we collect in our transaction database, including Personal Data, is not shared with third parties, except for the purposes of determining the validity of a payment. In this case we may share the name and email address associated with the purchase with the credit card holder, your company's accounting department, or with our payment processor when responding to a chargeback. When setting up an Element Home account via the setup wizard, we will temporarily access your account data, in order to migrate your existing Matrix account to your new Element Home account. This includes: The setup wizard will also request your OpenID and access token, in order to retrieve your name and verified email address. This information will be temporarily sent to our backend, but will not be retained following your setup completion. If you do not have an email address verified by a trusted homeserver (such as Matrix.org), we will require you to add and verify a valid email address, for billing and host setup purposes. Connection Information We log the IP addresses of everyone who accesses Element. This data is used in order to mitigate abuse, debug operational issues, and monitor traffic patterns. Our logs are kept for: Usage Information We track usage data for Element hosting services. When you are signed in to your account we may track your usage of the site and associate that information with your account details. This data helps us understand how our users are using the application so that we can make improvements to the Service. Location Information We may collect location data on you, if you choose to use the static or live location sharing features within the Element app. This includes your longitude, altitude and latitude data in order to accurately calculate your precise location. Location data is held within the room in which it is shared, so it will be encrypted in encrypted rooms and not encrypted in rooms where encryption is switched off. You will be shown a disclaimer during your first time using this feature, but please apply caution and consideration when sharing your personal data within the app. In exceptional circumstances, we may share information about you with a third party if we believe that sharing is reasonably necessary to We never store password data in plain text; instead they are stored hashed (with at least 12 rounds of bcrypt, including both a salt and a server-side pepper secret). Passwords sent to the server are encrypted using SSL. It is your sole responsibility to keep your user name, password and other sensitive information confidential. Actions taken using your credentials shall be deemed to be actions taken by you, with all consequences including service termination, civil and criminal penalties. If you forget your password (and you have registered an email address) you can use the password reset facility to reset it. We never knowingly collect or maintain information in Element, through any of the Services provided, from those we know are under 16, and no part of Element is structured to attract anyone under 16. If you are under 16, please do not use the Service. Data stored in Element is accessible by the Customer's account and by Element engineers (employees and contractors) under the conditions outlined below. We host the Element Matrix Services on Amazon Web Services (AWS), specifically: We also host the Gitter.im app on AWS, in a datacenter based in the East of the US. Physical access to our offices and locations use typical physical access restrictions. We use secure private keys when accessing servers via SSH, and protect our AWS console passwords locally with a password management tool. Nobody at Element, or any of our processors, is able to access encrypted data. In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets. If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, personal data held by us about our users will be one of the transferred asset All of the Element user data resides within the same dedicated cluster. We use software best practices to guarantee that only the Customer can access it. In other words, we segment User data via software. We do our best and are very confident we're doing a good job at it, but, like every other service that hosts User data on the same database, we cannot guarantee that it is immune to a sophisticated attack.‍ Please act in good faith towards our users' privacy and data during your disclosure. White hat security researchers are always appreciated. All Rights Reserved. The Element name, logo and device are registered trade marks of New Vector Ltd