Skip to main content  Menu End of search dropdown. Hej! Log in or sign up Wish list Shopping bag Enter postcode Select store Enter postcode Select store Search Change country Customer services Privacy policy Privacy policyAbout this Privacy policy We know how important it is for you to understand how we use your data. This Privacy Policy explains how we use any personal data you provide us with when you use our services in our stores, Online via our Website and the IKEA App, through your IKEA Family membership, and any contact you have with our Customer Support Centre. This Privacy Policy covers both private customers and business customers. We will always be transparent with you about what we do with your personal data. We only collect, store and process your personal data in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. This Privacy Policy also explains your rights in relation to the personal data that we collect about you. We respect your right to privacy and are committed to maintaining it. By accessing and browsing our website you are confirming that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy, so please make sure you have read it carefully. We are IKEA Limited (company number: 01986283) (“IKEA”) and our registered address is Floor 7, 100 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, United Kingdom, MK9 1FH. IKEA is the “data controller” of any personal data it may collect, process and hold about you, unless we inform you otherwise. About this Privacy policy We know how important it is for you to understand how we use your data. This Privacy Policy explains how we use any personal data you provide us with when you use our services in our stores, Online via our Website and the IKEA App, through your IKEA Family membership, and any contact you have with our Customer Support Centre. This Privacy Policy covers both private customers and business customers. We will always be transparent with you about what we do with your personal data. We only collect, store and process your personal data in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. This Privacy Policy also explains your rights in relation to the personal data that we collect about you. We respect your right to privacy and are committed to maintaining it. By accessing and browsing our website you are confirming that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy, so please make sure you have read it carefully. We are IKEA Limited (company number: 01986283) (“IKEA”) and our registered address is Floor 7, 100 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, United Kingdom, MK9 1FH. IKEA is the “data controller” of any personal data it may collect, process and hold about you, unless we inform you otherwise. We know how important it is for you to understand how we use your data. This Privacy Policy explains how we use any personal data you provide us with when you use our services in our stores, Online via our Website and the IKEA App, through your IKEA Family membership, and any contact you have with our Customer Support Centre. This Privacy Policy covers both private customers and business customers. We will always be transparent with you about what we do with your personal data. We only collect, store and process your personal data in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations. This Privacy Policy also explains your rights in relation to the personal data that we collect about you. We respect your right to privacy and are committed to maintaining it. By accessing and browsing our website you are confirming that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy, so please make sure you have read it carefully. We are IKEA Limited (company number: 01986283) (“IKEA”) and our registered address is Floor 7, 100 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, United Kingdom, MK9 1FH. IKEA is the “data controller” of any personal data it may collect, process and hold about you, unless we inform you otherwise. 1. What personal data do we collect? The personal data we collect from you may include: Your name and title Your email address Your mobile telephone number Your date of birth Your address Your IKEA Family card number Your purchasing activity Your credit or debit card, or other payment information Your account password and login details Your preferred store Your comments, product reviews and responses on surveys you complete Any shopping preferences or details to help us suggest items for you Your images on CCTV and security body worn cameras Your car number plate if recorded to manage parking at our stores, or to detect vehicles of interest for the purposes of prevention and detection of crimeInformation about your device type Website / browsing history, including location dataCookie information (please see our Cookie Policy for details) It may also include any information you give us: When you contact our customer services team or planning team When you engage with our social media platform (for example by tagging us in a post on Instagram) When you sign up for IKEA Family membership and engage with IKEA Family membership benefits, such as recommendations based on your prior purchases at IKEA When you make an appointment with us (for example, appointment booking information and any information given during the appointment) If you are using a mobile device and shopping with us online or browsing our website, and logging onto WIFI in store using your laptop or mobile we may collect: your IP address or other device identifier, your browser type and version, your time zone setting, operating system and platform Personal Finance products We may also receive the following in connection with any purchase from our Personal Finance products range (including IKANO financing), depending on the type of product you purchase: Copies of documents you provide to prove your age or identity where required (for example, your passport and driver's licence or National ID Card (EU issued) for ID checks). If you provide a passport, this will include your place of birth and nationality. We work with a small number of third parties to provide goods and services, such as our last mile delivery providers, in-store minicab concessions, in-store rental car and van providers, IKEA Kitchen Services and TaskRabbit, our assembly service providers. These providers may collect personal data directly from you to organise and book their services, or for their own marketing and tracking purposes. If they do collect your personal data, they will be acting as Data Controllers in their own right, separately from IKEA. If they use your personal data, their own privacy policies will apply and they should provide you with access to their privacy policy at the time that they collect your personal data. Where you are using a mobile device whilst in store with its WiFi capability switched on or have access to our free in-store WiFi, we may additionally collect your MAC address and location data whilst you are within the IKEA store or immediately within its perimeters. We use this information on an anonymous basis and will never use it to identify any particular user. We won't be able to link this data to any other data that we hold about you and the purpose of collecting this data is to perform analysis and to help us identify people flows around our stores to maximise the efficiency of our store design. If you do not want us to track your device or use your information in this way, please turn off the WiFi capability on your phone or other electronic device within your settings. We may, where we have a lawful basis for doing so, also collect personal data about you from third parties, or companies who have obtained your permission to share this information with us, or who need to share information with us in relation to goods or services you have purchased.We do not knowingly solicit personal data from children or send them requests for personal data. We acknowledge that visitors of all ages may use our website, however, we do not intentionally collect personal data from those under the age of 18. The personal data we collect from you may include: It may also include any information you give us: If you are using a mobile device and shopping with us online or browsing our website, and logging onto WIFI in store using your laptop or mobile we may collect: We may also receive the following in connection with any purchase from our Personal Finance products range (including IKANO financing), depending on the type of product you purchase: Copies of documents you provide to prove your age or identity where required (for example, your passport and driver's licence or National ID Card (EU issued) for ID checks). If you provide a passport, this will include your place of birth and nationality. We work with a small number of third parties to provide goods and services, such as our last mile delivery providers, in-store minicab concessions, in-store rental car and van providers, IKEA Kitchen Services and TaskRabbit, our assembly service providers. These providers may collect personal data directly from you to organise and book their services, or for their own marketing and tracking purposes. If they do collect your personal data, they will be acting as Data Controllers in their own right, separately from IKEA. If they use your personal data, their own privacy policies will apply and they should provide you with access to their privacy policy at the time that they collect your personal data. Where you are using a mobile device whilst in store with its WiFi capability switched on or have access to our free in-store WiFi, we may additionally collect your MAC address and location data whilst you are within the IKEA store or immediately within its perimeters. We use this information on an anonymous basis and will never use it to identify any particular user. We won't be able to link this data to any other data that we hold about you and the purpose of collecting this data is to perform analysis and to help us identify people flows around our stores to maximise the efficiency of our store design. If you do not want us to track your device or use your information in this way, please turn off the WiFi capability on your phone or other electronic device within your settings. We may, where we have a lawful basis for doing so, also collect personal data about you from third parties, or companies who have obtained your permission to share this information with us, or who need to share information with us in relation to goods or services you have purchased.We do not knowingly solicit personal data from children or send them requests for personal data. We acknowledge that visitors of all ages may use our website, however, we do not intentionally collect personal data from those under the age of 18. 2. When do we collect your personal data? When you purchase products and services from us in store, online, using the IKEA App or over the phone When you access our website or use any of our mobile apps, our website also uses cookies; to find out more about the use of cookies and how you can manage them, please read our Cookie policy When you log into our in-store WiFi or have your WiFi settings switched on instore When you join our IKEA Family loyalty club When you contact us or we contact you to take part in surveys, competitions or promotions When you contact our Customer Services team in store, online or over the phone or via web chat When you engage with us on social media (by mentioning/tagging us or by contacting us directly) When your image may be captured via our CCTV system or body camera worn by our security team. Your car number plate may also be captured by our ANPR system There are a number of different reasons why we might use your personal data, depending on what type of data you have provided. You do not have to provide any of this personal data to us but if you don’t, we might not be able to make our products and services available to you, your overall shopping experience may be less personalised and it is less likely that you will receive our best overall customer experience. We do this to allow you to use our in-store Wi-Fi service. We use Yo Wireless to provide the Wi-Fi.Why we do itWe've got to do this to perform our contract with you. We will also ask you if you want to consent to email marketing through this registration. We do this to promote the IKEA Family and IKEA products in marketing campaigns using content that has been posted by our IKEA Family members. Please see the IKEA Family Terms of Use for further information.Why we do itIKEA has a legitimate interest in promoting the IKEA Family and IKEA products to our customers. You are free to edit or remove your content from the IKEA Family at any time. When combined with personal identification and contact details to investigate cases of fraud.Why we do itIKEA has legitimate interest in protecting ourselves from various types of fraud. We use your personal data to provide you with the information, products and services that you request or purchase from us (i.e. to complete certain tasks, processes or orders on our website or within our apps, take payment online (where applicable) and deliver your products or services), and to communicate with you regarding those products and services that you purchase from us and respond to your questions and comments; We may also use your personal data to measure how satisfied our customers are and provide customer service (including troubleshooting in connection with purchases or your requests for services or when you ask us questions on social media); Alternatively, in some cases, we rely on our legitimate interests as a business (for example, to measure customer satisfaction and troubleshoot customer issues). Where we rely on our legitimate interests, we will always make sure that we balance these interests against your rights. We may use your personal data for our internal business purposes, such as enhancing our site, improving our services and products and identifying usage trends. We may also use your data to monitor the use of our website and ensure that our website is presented in the most effective and relevant manner for you and your device and setting default options for you (such as language and store location); It is in our legitimate interests as a business to use your personal data in this way. For example, we want to ensure our website is customer friendly and works properly and that our products and services are efficient and of high quality. We also want to make it easy for you to interact with us. Where we rely on our legitimate interests, we will always make sure that we balance these interests against your rights. We use your personal data to: For the purposes of safety, detection and prevention of crime, IKEA will use its legitimate interests to share certain information with third parties with which it has data processing agreements. This may include CCTV and other potentially identifiable information collected during IKEA's monitoring, detection, crime and safety activities. We use your personal data to personalise your experience with IKEA to: We rely on your consent to send direct SMS, postal and email marketing messages to you as an IKEA Family member based on the consent we acquired from you when you signed up, as amended by you from time to time. In other cases (for example, measuring the effectiveness of our marketing), we will rely on our legitimate interests as a business to communicate with our IKEA Family members in an engaging and efficient way. Where we rely on our legitimate interests, we will always make sure that we balance these interests against your rights. We will never sell any of your personal data to a third party. However, in order for us to provide our services to you, we share your personal data with our trusted third party service providers or our group companies, as detailed below. Whenever we share your personal data, we put safeguards in place which require these organisations to keep your data safe and to ensure that they do not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes. To fulfil orders for products and services We work with a number of trusted service providers who carry out services on our behalf. When you purchase products and services from us, the services provided by these organisations includes delivery, product assembly and installation, waste removal and processing payments. We also work with a service provider to administer our gift card and account services. It is in our legitimate interests as a business to work with these service providers since we may not have the capabilities to provide these services ourselves. In each case, we will ensure that the service provider is only allowed to use your personal data in order to provide the services to us and for no other purpose. To prevent crime and comply with laws We share your financial information including your credit, debit card or other payment information with third parties to ensure that your payment is safe and that your details are not being used fraudulently. This data sharing enables us to conduct fraud analysis which ensures that genuine and accurate payment details are provided to us for any purchase. We may share your personal data with credit agencies if you are requesting credit. There may be other scenarios where we are subject to a legal obligation to share or disclose your personal data, such as with law enforcement agencies or public authorities in order to prevent or detect crime or fulfil a legal requirement. For the purposes of preventing crime, IKEA will use its legitimate interests to share certain information with third parties with which it has data processing agreements. This may include CCTV and other potentially identifiable information collected during IKEA's monitoring, detection, crime and safety activities. Other professional services We may need to disclose your personal data to our insurers where we believe that it is required under our contractual relationship with our insurance provider to do so. We may share the personal data we collect with other organisations in the IKEA Group where those other companies share various operations and business processes with us (such as IKEA Ireland Limited, IKEA IT AB, IKEA of Sweden AB). We will do this in order to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, or because it is in our legitimate interests to do so. We may need to transfer your personal data to the European Economic Area (EEA) or to another third country, for example the USA, in the following circumstances: For any personal data transfers to the EEA we will continue to follow all regulatory and legal requirements set out EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, and any subsequent arrangements that are agreed. This privacy notice will be updated in due course to reflect any relevant changes. Other third countries may not have the same data protection laws as the UK and the EEA and so your personal data may not be subject to the same protections. However, in such cases, we will make sure that any transfer of your personal data to countries outside the UK and EEA is subject to appropriate safeguards as if it were being processed inside the UK or EEA and under the guiding principles set out in this privacy policy. You have a number of rights relating to your personal data and what happens to it. You are entitled to: 6. Changing your preferences If you no longer wish to be contacted by us about our products or services, or for other marketing purposes, you can amend your preferences or unsubscribe by contacting us. Alternatively, if you have a profile on the IKEA website or have downloaded the IKEA App, you can unsubscribe by logging into your account, or simply follow the unsubscribe link provided in emails you receive from us. We want to ensure that all the information we have about our customers is factually correct and up to date. If you find that the personal data we have about you is inaccurate or needs updating (for instance, you may have changed your name or address) then please contact us so that we can correct it. If you have created a profile on the IKEA website or IKEA App, you can change the details stored about you by logging into your account. If you no longer wish to be contacted by us about our products or services, or for other marketing purposes, you can amend your preferences or unsubscribe by contacting us. Alternatively, if you have a profile on the IKEA website or have downloaded the IKEA App, you can unsubscribe by logging into your account, or simply follow the unsubscribe link provided in emails you receive from us. We want to ensure that all the information we have about our customers is factually correct and up to date. If you find that the personal data we have about you is inaccurate or needs updating (for instance, you may have changed your name or address) then please contact us so that we can correct it. If you have created a profile on the IKEA website or IKEA App, you can change the details stored about you by logging into your account. 7. Security and retention of your personal data Security of your personal data We take the security of your personal data very seriously. We have implemented various strategies, controls, policies and measures to keep your data secure and keep these measures under close review. We protect your data by using encryption techniques and we use other safeguards such as firewalls and password protection. This means that your data is protected and only accessible by co-workers who need it to carry out their job responsibilities. We also ensure that there are strict physical controls in our buildings which restricts access to your personal data to keep it safe. Retention of your personal data In broad terms, we will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy policy. This means that the retention periods will vary according to the type of the data and the reason that we have the data in the first place. We have procedures in place regarding our retention periods which we keep under review taking into account our reasons for processing your personal data and the legal basis for doing so. Security of your personal data We take the security of your personal data very seriously. We have implemented various strategies, controls, policies and measures to keep your data secure and keep these measures under close review. We protect your data by using encryption techniques and we use other safeguards such as firewalls and password protection. This means that your data is protected and only accessible by co-workers who need it to carry out their job responsibilities. We also ensure that there are strict physical controls in our buildings which restricts access to your personal data to keep it safe. Retention of your personal data In broad terms, we will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy policy. This means that the retention periods will vary according to the type of the data and the reason that we have the data in the first place. We have procedures in place regarding our retention periods which we keep under review taking into account our reasons for processing your personal data and the legal basis for doing so. 8. Special Category Data Certain categories of personal data have additional protection under the UK GDPR. The categories include information about your health, racial or ethnic origin. IKEA processes special category data where this is provided by you during the course of correspondence with us to inform us of any delivery/assistance requirements or as part of a complaint or grievance procedure or in relation to an accident or incident which has occurred on our premises. IKEA will process this information to provide you with the assistance you have requested or to deal with your complaint. Where you have asked us to provide assistance or special delivery instructions, we will do this on the basis of your consent to us using it in this way. Where we are processing this information in order to deal with a complaint, this processing will be necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims made by or against us. Certain categories of personal data have additional protection under the UK GDPR. The categories include information about your health, racial or ethnic origin. IKEA processes special category data where this is provided by you during the course of correspondence with us to inform us of any delivery/assistance requirements or as part of a complaint or grievance procedure or in relation to an accident or incident which has occurred on our premises. IKEA will process this information to provide you with the assistance you have requested or to deal with your complaint. Where you have asked us to provide assistance or special delivery instructions, we will do this on the basis of your consent to us using it in this way. Where we are processing this information in order to deal with a complaint, this processing will be necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims made by or against us. 9. Marketing If you have given us your contact details, we may use these (in accordance with any preferences you have expressed) to send you marketing messages by email, SMS and post, to keep you aware of what we're up to and to help you see and find our products. This includes sending tips and inspiration for your home, details of special offers, services and promotions from IKEA. As part of running our business, IKEA has a legitimate interest to promote our products using marketing messages to existing customers of IKEA and those in a negotiation with us for a sale or service, unless you have asked us not to. When we collect your personal data, we give you the opportunity to opt-in to receive those marketing messages by simply ticking the boxes. Should you change your mind, we have lots of ways you can stop receiving marketing messages, which we've set out below.If you are currently opted-out of our marketing, you can always choose to opt-in to receive our emails by amending your preferences. How to stop marketing messages from IKEA You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time.For email marketing, the best way to do this is to click on the 'unsubscribe' link in any email you receive. You can also go onto your online profile, and on the IKEA App.You can opt out of other marketing as follows: For direct mail – in all our direct mail communications, we offer the opportunity to opt our by mail, you can also opt on your online profile For targeted or personalised adverts – by opting out of cookies – see cookie policy for more details It might take some time for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we fully process your request, but we will ensure that we mark you as having opted out on our database as soon as we receive your request.Please be aware that stopping marketing messages will not stop our service communications (such as order and delivery updates). If you have given us your contact details, we may use these (in accordance with any preferences you have expressed) to send you marketing messages by email, SMS and post, to keep you aware of what we're up to and to help you see and find our products. This includes sending tips and inspiration for your home, details of special offers, services and promotions from IKEA. As part of running our business, IKEA has a legitimate interest to promote our products using marketing messages to existing customers of IKEA and those in a negotiation with us for a sale or service, unless you have asked us not to. When we collect your personal data, we give you the opportunity to opt-in to receive those marketing messages by simply ticking the boxes. Should you change your mind, we have lots of ways you can stop receiving marketing messages, which we've set out below.If you are currently opted-out of our marketing, you can always choose to opt-in to receive our emails by amending your preferences. You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time.For email marketing, the best way to do this is to click on the 'unsubscribe' link in any email you receive. You can also go onto your online profile, and on the IKEA App.You can opt out of other marketing as follows: It might take some time for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we fully process your request, but we will ensure that we mark you as having opted out on our database as soon as we receive your request.Please be aware that stopping marketing messages will not stop our service communications (such as order and delivery updates). We bring together different information you have given us or we have collected from your interactions with IKEA in store, through remote services, or on the web and perform analytics to segment customers into groups to personalise and improve the shopping experience. We may use this information to determine which offers you may be interested in where you have opted into being contacted for marketing purposes or for automated decision making to improve your shopping experience like recommending products and services, or improving your experience with remote services. Cookies are small encrypted text files that are stored on your device by a website. Our Websites use cookies to enable you to shop, enhance your shopping experience and to analyse our traffic. You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases some of our Website features may not function as a result. 12. Changes to this Privacy policy We may update this Privacy policy from time to time. If we make significant changes, we will let you know but please regularly check this policy to ensure you are aware of the most updated version. We may update this Privacy policy from time to time. If we make significant changes, we will let you know but please regularly check this policy to ensure you are aware of the most updated version. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your rights under it, please contact Philip Cooke – IKEA UK&IE Data Protection OfficerIKEA, Customer Support Centre, Kingston Park, Peterborough, PE2 9ET, United Kingdom Date Updated: July 2021 Privacy policy for IKEA for Business account and IKEA Business NetworkWe know how important it is for you to understand how we use your data. This Privacy Policy sets out how and why we collect, use, store and share your personal data when you sign up as a registered user of your company’s IKEA for Business Account (the “Account”). We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and if you have any questions or concerns about how we use your personal data, please contact IKEA Customer Support Centre and we will try to address your concerns. Our Customer Support Centre can also put you in contact with our Data Protection Officer if you have more specific questions or concerns. We are IKEA Limited (“IKEA” or “we”, “us”), and our registered address is Floor 7, 100 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, United Kingdom, MK9 1FH. We are part of Ingka Group, which means we are ultimately owned by Ingka Holding B.V. IKEA is the data controller of any personal data it collects, processes and holds about you in relation to your use of the Account. Privacy policy for IKEA for Business account and IKEA Business Network We know how important it is for you to understand how we use your data. This Privacy Policy sets out how and why we collect, use, store and share your personal data when you sign up as a registered user of your company’s IKEA for Business Account (the “Account”). We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and if you have any questions or concerns about how we use your personal data, please contact IKEA Customer Support Centre and we will try to address your concerns. Our Customer Support Centre can also put you in contact with our Data Protection Officer if you have more specific questions or concerns. We are IKEA Limited (“IKEA” or “we”, “us”), and our registered address is Floor 7, 100 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, United Kingdom, MK9 1FH. We are part of Ingka Group, which means we are ultimately owned by Ingka Holding B.V. IKEA is the data controller of any personal data it collects, processes and holds about you in relation to your use of the Account. We know how important it is for you to understand how we use your data. This Privacy Policy sets out how and why we collect, use, store and share your personal data when you sign up as a registered user of your company’s IKEA for Business Account (the “Account”). We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully and if you have any questions or concerns about how we use your personal data, please contact IKEA Customer Support Centre and we will try to address your concerns. Our Customer Support Centre can also put you in contact with our Data Protection Officer if you have more specific questions or concerns. We are IKEA Limited (“IKEA” or “we”, “us”), and our registered address is Floor 7, 100 Avebury Boulevard, Milton Keynes, United Kingdom, MK9 1FH. We are part of Ingka Group, which means we are ultimately owned by Ingka Holding B.V. IKEA is the data controller of any personal data it collects, processes and holds about you in relation to your use of the Account. It is completely voluntary to sign up as a user of the Account. However, if you do, we need to know who you are so that we can administrate and secure the Account, enable the functionalities connected to the Account and communicate with you in various matters related thereto. For these purposes we will collect your name, email address and telephone number (optional) and number of the IKEA for Business Card that we issue for you. We will also collect and store information about the purchases that you have made on behalf of your company as well as your other activities on the Account. The information about the purchase history and user activity may be used to send tailored direct marketing if you have specifically consented to receiving such communication. The legal ground for the processing of your personal data is our legitimate interest to administer your use of the Account, provide the features and functionality that we have offered to your company and to collect statistics on how our customers use their IKEA for Business Accounts. We will send you marketing emails only if you have specifically consented to receiving such messages and you can always opt out by clicking on the link in the bottom of each email you receive from us. The administrator of the Account (which is a person within your company) will be able to see the purchases that you have made on behalf of the company and registered on the Account. The Account is operated by IKEA IT AB (which is another company in Ingka Group) and its trusted internal as well as third party service providers. Such service providers may be located outside of the United Kingdom or European Union, in which case the transfer of your personal data is secured by additional safeguards, such as e.g. an agreement incorporating standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission, or equivalent adopted by the UK Government. The administrator of the Account will also be able to remove you as a registered user. We will keep your personal data as long as you are a registered user of the Account. All personal data will be deleted when the Account is terminated. We take the security of your personal data very seriously. We have implemented various strategies, controls, policies and measures to keep your data secure and keep these measures under close review. We protect your data by using encryption techniques and we use other safeguards such as firewalls and password protection. We do our best to ensure that your data is protected and only accessible to Ingka Group employees (or subcontractors) who need it to carry out their job responsibilities. Version 1, date of publishing 27 April 2021 Back to top Share Back to top Share