The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. This service retains rights to your content even after you stop using your account. Your use is throttled. You have the right to leave this service at any time. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet your expectations or requirements. You must provide your identifiable information. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. They may stop providing the service at any time. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You aren’t allowed to publicly post private messages. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. You agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. You are prohibited from posting content which promotes violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. This service is only available to users over a certain age. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future. This service informs you that its Terms of Service does not apply to third party websites. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason. Your content can be licensed to third parties. You waive your moral rights. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. The publishing of personally identifiable information without the owner’s consent is not allowed. The court of law governing the terms is in California, U.S.A.. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. The terms may be changed at any time, but you will receive notification of the changes. The posting of pornographic content is prohibited. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. The service has non-exclusive use of your content.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security