 Scammer.info Reviews 25 • Poor 2.6 VERIFIED COMPANY In the category scam mer.info Visit this website Claimed profile Replied to 1 out of 2 negative reviews Replies to negative reviews in < 24 hours 25 total 5-star 92% 4-star 0% 3-star 2-star 1-star 8% 2 reviews IN What a worst people, They call companies out there and demand money, when you deny, they start 100 of robo calls on your number. When try to settle by providing the prrof they deny by saying it can be forged, LOL. These 5 star reviews that you see here, its all themself. Neep is also one of them. Threatening people, harming business. May god bless them. January 03, 2024 Date of experience : Advertisement Our 2022 Transparency Report has landed 1 review US Scammerinfo.com is absolutely awful. They do not do their research before engaging hundreds of their users in harassing phone calls. My business uses an auto-dialer for staff to make calls. One of them must have called someone on this forum because my business began getting one harassing phone call after the other. When we tried to speak calmly and professionally with the caller to allow us the opportunity to provide we are legitimate and can be verified, they would issue physical threats and profanity laced verbal assaults. These people need to do their home work and get their facts straight before they act. This itself is as illegal and problematic as the real scammers. September 07, 2023 Reply from Scammer.info This information is concerning. Can you report more information and details to info@scammer.info AU Despite someone targetting this service with 1-Star reviews (How are they even still there?!) this service is great. They dont actually sell anything or try to monetize, it's literally a community built to bring down the scammers of the world.There is almost nothing that this website can do to earn anything less than 5 stars given what they offer. A++++ June 01, 2020 I've been using Scammer . Info for a while now and I have really been shown what the community is going to fight these scams. Moderators and Admins are kind and understanding, the people that I interact with on that website are kind and offering people. You should be thanking Scammer.Info for being a place that finds Scammers and reports them for the better of society. Massive shame to all the scammers who got spooked by their number being posted and their time wasted. Looks like Scammer.Info has struck a nerve with scammers around the world wanting to target people that believe everything they say.Thanks Scammer.Info for putting up a strong fight against scamming. November 06, 2020 3 reviews GB I am sharing with you my Story from Serbian Scammerssafe-transfers.com and bozanstveno.com both look like a scam and the same person.bozanstveno.com they fishing freelancers from freelancer platforms, they act as a company trying to hire you from where every you make you sign the contract they will be sent to daily task when you finish you send it back thru they skype account they telling you according to the policy of company the payment should weekly than come with excuses about they cant send to earning money from Paypal but telling you to go and register this website its when you register your wallet only can handle 100 USD but they encourage you should be upgrade account and paid 500 USD when I go back the bozanstveno.com to contact the HR person these days he didn't answer the question so this means both are team spam.please support shut down this website bozanstveno.com to stop Scamming innocent people January 07, 2022 FR This site is intended to be used for reporting scammers and posting their information. It's the most famous forum of its kind and obviously, this attracts haters and scammers who want their information to be removed. All those 1-star reviews are scammers who are not happy about being listed :D February 05, 2022 10 reviews CA Greatest scambaiting forum! Fun place with fantastic people to talk to, post numbers, and more! This is truly a community to which I belong. There's no reasonable alternative for this forum! -User ModsHacksNCracks October 14, 2022 Scammer.info is a great website for scambaiters, the negative reviews spammed by scammers who are out of a job because of the site are a testament to that. To the scammers crying about it in here and buying spam reviews, stay mad. You make this hobby fun.Much love from your ring0, Ben Freedom of speechTo tell the truth,Scammer.info isn't only a website that cares only about scammers, it also gives out cool tools and provides tech support some times. (Tech Support like tips, advices, etc. In my honest opinion yes, scammer.info is a cool community, it collects many scambaiers all over the world and teams up users. All their commons aren't only scambaiting but also technology.Technology, like new stuff, processors and gaming.The owner of this community, Thunder, is a scambaiter & has been trying to hunt scams for much time. Thunder, answers whenever he cans questions about companies.Their staff and their mods are very kind to good and polite users.I believe it's one of the best communities I've ever joined in my life.Although they had some legal issues with scammers and they fight them.Thanks to theese guys many scammer callcenter have been shut down and USA can be safe from some scammers.What else? Every scambaiter helps & they get even and even bigger! March 21, 2019 Good stuff, let's stop the tidal wave of incompetent web hosts..Doing more than just their bit to stop scammers and create a safer web for all. July 05, 2020 Best place to share information about scammers. Any one star reviews will be from unhappy scammers. May 31, 2020 DE Great site to post telemarketer and scammer phone numbers. One of the largest scammer databases and scambaiting communities Lots of resources and other people who will help combat scammers. November 28, 2020 Great Scambaiting forum where you can post scammer's phone numbers! November 05, 2020 This was an epic website great for geting scammers numbers. September 30, 2020 Terrific resource in the fight against scammers. Appreciate the community and the info! October 08, 2020 Thank you :) Best site for the content you're obviously looking for. RU It's a great site. I always use this site and recommend it to all my friends February 10, 2022 NG Trust pilot is so so trustworthy and the best place to be. August 20, 2019 honest lads!!!! Scammer.info is the #1 scambaiting community, with a large database of scammer numbers. You can share anything from IRS or CRA scams, to fake popups, phishing, and much more. Sign up today and become a part of our large growing community of scambaiters. United Kingdom Experience can write a Trustpilot review. People who write reviews have ownership to edit or delete them at any time, and they’ll be displayed as long as an . Companies can ask for reviews via automatic invitations. Labeled Verified, they’re about genuine experiences. about other kinds of reviews. We use dedicated people and clever technology to safeguard our platform. Find out how we . Here are . Verification can help ensure write reviews about . It goes against our guidelines to offer for reviews. We also ensure all reviews are published .