 Aternos GmbH aternos.gmbh Privacy Policy - Aternos We take the protection of your data very seriously and store only what we have to. In this policy, we will try to explain as good and comprehensible as possible which data we store and why. If you have any questions regarding your data, you can always write to us at . Legally responsible for the protection of your data is the Aternos GmbH: Konrad-Adenauer-Platz 28 53225 Bonn +49 228 61994101 Represented by: Matthias Neid () Welcome to the privacy policy of Aternos, After we have clarified this, we can now talk about your data that we store: When you sign up you have to enter your username and your password or you link a Google account. If you connect a Google account, we save your account identifier and the email address of that account. You can also optionally add an email address while signing up or in your account settings. Usually, your cannot be traced back to you except if it contains your name or if you also use it on other platforms. Because of that, we protect your username the same way we protect personal data. We only use your for notifications or to reset your password. You receive an email with a link to reset your password, which has to be requested manually on our website. We will never use your email address for a newsletter or anything like that. Notifications are emails with current information about your account or server, e.g. when your server is deleted for inactivity. You can disable those notifications in your account settings. Your is already concealed on your computer (hash) and will then be stored with more security (hash + salt) on our servers. So your password will never reach our servers in plaintext and is extra secured. We also save the of your registration to create statistics. Besides that, we have to keep that time to be able to prove that you have accepted this policy. All of your Minecraft server and all that are created by your Minecraft server are saved on our servers. Furthermore, we send this data as a backup to your Google Drive account if you want that and have it enabled. Our which stores the files of your Minecraft server logs all events (e.g. loading your files when starting the server or saving when stopping the server) together with your username or your user ID. Those events are saved for up to 7 days and help to identify and solve general or individual problems with our storage system. Furthermore, we store how many and which are currently on your Minecraft server to display them on the website in your account and to determine statistics on the total number of players. Every time you or a your server, we collect this event together with the pseudonymised (hashed) user or player name. Those events are aggregated without personal data, and the individual events are deleted after 24 hours. This allows us to measure how many different servers are started and how many different players join every day. Every is captured and stored for up to 24 hours. The URL, the IP address, the session ID, the Cloudflare Ray ID and the country code provided by Cloudflare are stored. This data is only used to analyse problems and especially to detect and defend against attacks. Besides that, we never save your for the long term when you use our website. But it is possible, that your Minecraft server writes your IP address and the IP addresses of other players into a log file. This log file is overwritten on every start and can always be deleted by reinstalling the server. You can always see your log file at . To be able to understand what happened when errors or problems occur, we save on our website in a log file, e.g. when you start your server, who enters or leaves your server, when you up- or download a world or when you change your email address or password. This data will not be processed automatically. It will only be used manually to solve errors or to help you. Some that can occur in our system, e.g. different errors related to transferring files or when starting your Minecraft server are stored together with your username for up to 24 hours to detect unusual peak occurrences of those errors, to analyse those errors and to solve them. Which data do we store and why? username email address password point in time settings files storage system players start your server player joins request to our website IP address miscellaneous activities errors To operate our website, we need the services of various third parties that may have contact with your data. We have an agreement with all of the companies listed below to ensure that they only use your information for their intended purpose. : We use Google Analytics on our website for detailed statistics. Your activities are pseudonymized, recorded and stored by Google. Your IP address will be anonymized. : CDN and WAF (performance and security enhancements) for our website. All data sent to our website will be reviewed and forwarded by Cloudflare. : We use the SparkPost service to send emails on the above occasions. : Venatus provides ads on our website. Consent to third-party data processing for advertising purposes is requested separately from this policy when you visit our website. : We offer our user support using the services provided by Zendesk. Web form requests, emails to , Tweets and Twitter direct messages to , Facebook messages on our Facebook page (), messages to our Telegram bot , messages to our Discord bot, posts on , messages to and comments on are stored and processed by Zendesk. : oneCorp provides us with the necessary hardware to operate our website and the game servers and may only in exceptional cases have access to the drives on which your data is stored. : Depending on the demand, we run game servers using the public cloud services provided by Scaleway. : Depending on the demand, we run game servers using the public cloud services provided by OVH. : Some forms on our website are protected by hCaptcha and its and apply. Who has access to your data and why? Google Inc. or Google Ireland Limited Cloudflare Inc Message Systems Inc Venatus Media Limited Zendesk Inc [email protected] oneCorp GmbH Online S.A.S. OVH GmbH Intuition Machines, Inc. We save all mentioned data starting from the registration until you decide to close your account here: In doing so, we will delete your data 7 days after the closing to avoid possible issues or to cancel an unintended closing. Apart from this, you have the right to complete the deletion of your data, but we ask you to use the functions mentioned above. You have the right to information about your personal data as well as for correction. Additionally, you can limit the processing or contradict it completely. Please contact us with sufficient verification at . Furthermore, according to §77 GDPR, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data is illicit. The provision of your personal data is neither legally nor contractually binding and is optional. If you do not agree to this policy, we cannot offer you our services, unfortunately. You are only allowed to agree to this policy if you are at least 16 years old (or less if your country has different regulations) or if consent is given by the holder of your parental responsibility. Your rights © 2018 - 2024 by | | |