aternos.gmbh Terms of service - Aternos §1 - Availability of our services The website and all corresponding services are usually available 24 hours per day, but interruptions of this availability might occur because of planned maintenance or unforeseen events. A faultless operation of the website is technically impossible, and therefore we cannot accept the responsibility for errors of any kind. We always try to ensure that all your data is saved correctly and available at any time, especially the files of the provided services. But it is possible that there are failures while transmitting, storing, retrieving, or operating those services, which leads to a partial or full loss of data. We do not assume any liability related to lost data or resulting damages. You are responsible for creating backups using the tools provided by us. Furthermore, the availability of the website depends on conditions and benefits beyond our influence, e.g. your internet connection. We are not responsible for disturbances caused by those conditions. §2 - User account Access to most functions of the website requires the creation of a user account. For this purpose, a username and optionally an email address must be provided. The authentication of the account can either be done using a password or a third-party account (Google). If password authentication is used, two-factor authentication can be enabled additionally in the account settings. The optional email address is only used to reset your password. It is not possible to reset your password if you do not provide an email address, the provided email address is invalid, non-existent, or you have lost access to your email inbox. It is always possible to add an email address or to change your current email address if you still have access to your account. We do not check the validity or functionality of your email address, it is your responsibility to ensure that your email address is valid and functional. You are responsible for ensuring the confidentiality of your account credentials, i.e. your password or your third-party account, and for restricting access to your devices. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you agree that you are responsible for all activities that occur under your account. You are solely responsible for any loss of access, such as loss of your password, third-party account, or two-factor authentication. A recovery of access through the linked email address is generally possible, but not guaranteed. In the event of a complete loss of access, we will not be able to give you access to any account data. We reserve the right to deny you access to our website and services and to close your account immediately without giving any reason. This applies in particular in case of violation of applicable law or our terms of service. In those cases releasing any data is not possible. Additionally, we reserve the right to access your account and all related services and data at any time without notice and to modify or delete them. You can close your account at any time in the account settings, whereby it will be deleted automatically after 7 days. Within this period, the closure can be aborted at any time by logging into the account again. After this period, all account data will be permanently deleted. On the website, it is possible to grant other users access to certain features and settings of your servers. You are always responsible for servers created under your account and must ensure that other users only use them in accordance with these terms of service. All actions taken by other users on your servers are final and cannot be undone or tracked. Passing your account on to someone else is explicitly prohibited, especially for money. §5 - Abuse and limitations You agree to use the provided services only for their intended purpose and to comply with applicable law. The abuse of services or the circumvention of the technical restrictions and limitations in place is prohibited. Likewise, disproportionate use of the provided resources is to be avoided. We reserve the right to delete your user account and all associated data immediately. As a free service, we have to set certain limitations and implement restrictions to ensure the integrity of our system, the fairness between all users, and the best possible security for our users. Circumventing those restrictions or limitations is strictly prohibited. This concerns in particular: Modifying or overwriting the amount of active players on a server. Circumventing the so-called “idle timeout” especially by … … modifying the setting which defines the time after which a player connection is terminated for inactivity. … automatically or repeatedly reconnecting to a server after the connection was terminated. … faking player activity. Circumventing or prolonging the stop routine which stops servers without active players especially by … … using fake players, e.g. bots. … automatically or repeatedly restarting a server. Uploading/downloading external executable files. Automatically accessing our website or automating actions on our website. The commercial usage of our services is prohibited. The creation of media content (e.g. videos) and the commercial usage of that content is explicitly permitted. Excessive use of our provided resources is prohibited. An infringement of these terms of service can result in deletion or suspension of your account and all related servers and data. Accessing your account, your servers or your data is not possible when your account is suspended. All server data is permanently deleted after 7 days of suspension. Serious misuses such as attacks against the infrastructure of our website or third parties (e.g. the execution of DDOS attacks or malicious programs), fraud, or other criminally relevant activities can be reported to law enforcement. §7 - Final clauses We reserve the right to change our website and our services including these terms of service at any time. If a provision of this agreement is or becomes legally invalid or if there is any gap that needs to be filled, the validity of the remainder of the agreement shall not be affected thereby. Invalid provisions shall be replaced by common consent with such provisions which come as close as possible to the intended result of the invalid provision. If you violate these terms and conditions, and we do not take action against you, we are still entitled to enforce our rights when you violate these terms of service.