Toggle navigation your place on the web or Terms Of Service Here is a non-binding summary of the legal text: Introduction By using the Services by viewing or displaying or publishing ("posting") any text, files, images, music, photos, video, sounds or any other work ("Content") to any of the Wiki Sites or using any other feature provided by the Services, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service and obey any applicable law. Privacy Content and use By using the Wikidot.com Services you warrant that all the registration (and profile) information you submit is accurate and you will maintain the accuracy of such information and your use of Services does not violate any applicable law or regulation. Wikidot.com may delete Content that in sole judgment of Wikidot.com violates these Terms. We however assume no responsibility for monitoring any of the Wiki Sites for inappropriate content nor review any Content before it is posted. You as a Wikidot.com User are solely responsible for the Content you post through any of the Services and any information or materials you transmit directly to other Users. By becoming an Administrator of a Wiki Site (by creating a new Wiki Site or joining an existing one) you agree to control the Content posted to the site and asure the site is not being used against these Terms either by monitoring changes for improper use and acting accordingly or by setting strict permissions that allow content editing only to a limited number of users. Copyrighted materials Wikidot.com does not claim any copyrights to the Content you post to the Services. However by posting any content through the Services to a public Wikidot.com site, you hereby grant to Wikidot.com a limited non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free, sublicensable and worldwide license to use, modify, display and perform, reproduce and distribute the Content solely on and through the Services. The license will terminate at the time the Content is removed from the Services. This right is required for proper and legal operation of the Services. The license does not allow us to do anything more that you would expect, e.g. it does not give us the right to distribute your Content outside Wikidot Services or sell your content to anyone. Although we might reuse Content from public wikis in various places such as "featured content" or "top wikis", we will not disclose any content from non-public (private) sites to unauthorized users. Wikidot Services contain Content that is protected by various licenses, copyrights and trademarks (Wikidot Content). Wherever required, we grant you a limited, revocable and nonsublicensable license to reproduce and display Wikidot Content solely for your personal use in connection with using the Services. Prohibited content and usage The following is a list of prohibited or illegal usage of the Services. We reserve the right to investigate and take appropriate actions against anyone (in our sole discretion) violates these rules, including removing offending content and terminating the Wikidot Membership. Prohibited usage includes but is not limited to uploading, posting or otherwise making available or promote: Other prohibited usage includes: The use of custom CSS that hides, moves, covers, or otherwise interferes with the visibility, positioning and functionality of the top or bottom Toolbar elements will be considered as prohibited usage. If you find any page that contains objectionable content please use "flag as objectionable" option at the bottom of each page. Users can contact moc.todikiw|troppus#moc.todikiw|troppus to make sure that their intended use of Wikidot does not violate the Terms. moc.todikiw|troppus#moc.todikiw|troppus Commercial usage You can use your Wiki for any legal commercial purpose including "business to business" and "business to consumer" types of websites. Advertising To compensate costs of hosting free Sites, Wikidot keeps exclusive right to use advertising space on web pages within free Sites. Users of free Sites are not allowed to place any other advertising to monetize their traffic, unless the Site is upgraded to any of the paid plans. Fees and upgrades Basic use of Services is free of charge, but Wikidot.com can charge Users for additional features related to User account or Site. You acknowledge that Wikidot reserves the right to change the fees any time. You also acknowledge that if we terminate your account because of violating these Terms you will not be entitled to the refund of any unused portion of the fee. By selecting a premium service you agree to pay Wikidot Inc. the monthly or annual subscription fees indicated for that service. Payments will be charged on the day you sign up for a service (pre-paid) and will cover the use of that service for a specified period. Subscribers to premium services shall have thirty (30) days from the date of subscription to cancel their subscription for a full refund. After this thirty (30) day period, purchases are final not refundable except in our sole and absolute discretion. For each purchase Wikidot Inc. will issue a valid VAT invoice as directed by Council Directive 2001/115/EC of 20 December 2001 and applicable Polish tax law. VAT tax of 23% is added to all purchases at Wikidot.com for customers from European Union unless they qualify for reverse charge by providing a valid EU VAT ID, as directed by Council Directive 2006/112/EC and applicable Polish tax law. Customers that do qualify for reverse charge are responsible for accounting such purchases according to their national tax rules. Customers from outside European Union are not charged VAT. Falsification of information to evade payment of VAT may result in immediate service termination, fines and/or criminal prosecution. Copyright policy Each of the Wiki Sites can choose individual license ("Site License") for content (feature available only if allowed by subscription plans). By posting Content to any of the Wiki Sites you agree to follow this Site License and make the Content you author available under this license. If your content does not follow the Site License it must be clearly stated. You are not allowed to post, modify, distribute or reproduce any copyrighted material, trademarks or other proprietary information that belongs to others without having permission or appropriate license or if its license is incompatible with the Site License. Wikidot.com may terminate any User account and remove any unauthorized material from any the Wiki Site. We also reserve the right to remove any Wiki Site that repeatedly contains illegal materials. If you believe your copyrighted work has been posted on any of the Wiki Sites without your permission and against the license under which it is distributed - please contact us via email: moc.todikiw|thgirypoc#moc.todikiw|thgirypoc. moc.todikiw|thgirypoc#moc.todikiw|thgirypoc Termination and blocking Wikidot reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use the Services and to block or prevent your access to and use of the Service. We also reserve the right to block any IP address from accessing or modyfying any or all parts of the Service. In addition any user or IP address (when acting anonymously) can be blocked by administrators of individual Sites preventing such a user from participating and changing the site and posting content. We reserve the right to delete any Wiki that has been created for testing purposes only without any significant content, recent activity and with clear signs of being abandoned. Users can also delete their Wikidot accounts by themselves. Disclaimers Wikidot.com is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate Content posted on any of the Wiki Sites or through any other part of the Services. Wikidot.com is not responsible for links to other websites that may be contained in Wiki Sites nor content of linked websites. Wikidot takes no responsibility of advertisements posted by third parties through the Service nor any items or services offered by the advertiser. The Services are provided "AS IS". You are using Wikidot Services at your own risk. Although we work hard to keep the Services online and working, we take no responsibility for possible errors, damages, lost Content, malfunction Except in those jurisdictions which do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties, Wikidot expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind and shall not be liable for any damages or losses whether directly or indirectly related to your use of this site or its content. This limitation of liability shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by law. Legal disputes You agree to indemnify Wikidot, its owners, employees, and users from any liability relating to your use of the Services. You agree that any legal dispute involving Wikidot Services shall be governed by the laws of Poland and be subject to the jurisdiction of courts in Toruń, Poland.  Copyright © All Rights Reserved, Wikidot Inc. 2023 Click here to edit contents of this page. Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible). Watch headings for an "edit" link when available. Append content without editing the whole page source. Check out how this page has evolved in the past. If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it. View and manage file attachments for this page. A few useful tools to manage this Site. See pages that link to and include this page. Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page. View wiki source for this page without editing. View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout). Click here to toggle editing of individual sections of the page (if possible). Watch headings for an "edit" link when available. Append content without editing the whole page source. Check out how this page has evolved in the past. If you want to discuss contents of this page - this is the easiest way to do it. View and manage file attachments for this page. A few useful tools to manage this Site. See pages that link to and include this page. Change the name (also URL address, possibly the category) of the page. View wiki source for this page without editing. View/set parent page (used for creating breadcrumbs and structured layout).