Privacy Policy Welcome to the PepsiCo, Inc. ("PepsiCo") web site. Below you will find our Privacy Notice regarding any personal information that you may supply to us through this web site.  It is our aim through this PEPSICO UNITED STATES PRIVACY NOTICE (“Notice”) to explain what information we collect about you and why we collect that information. We also want to make sure you understand how we use and share your information and the choices available to you. Our goal is to earn and keep your trust as you visit websites and applications about our products and brands. This Notice describes how we treat personal information on websites (“sites”), mobile or social media applications (“apps”), and any other services where we include an authorized link or reference to this Notice (together, the “Services”). This Notice does not describe our practices on sites or apps where it is not referenced. Your use of our apps and sites indicates you agree to our collection, use, and sharing of your information as set forth in this Notice. We collect identifiers and contact information. For example, we may collect your name and street address if you register on our site or apps. We may also collect your phone number or email address. We also collect online identifiers. For example, if you engage with us through a social media site, we may collect your social media user identifier. We collect payment information. If you make purchases with us, we (or our business partners who process payment cards for us) may collect your billing information. This includes your payment card number. We collect information you submit or otherwise provide or authorize us to collect. We collect the information you post in a public space on our site. This includes comments and videos or photos. We also collect any other information you may provide to us or authorize us to collect. This may include information about your physical activities or your nutrition preferences. We collect demographic information and information about your interests. We may collect information such as your gender and age, household or lifestyle information, and your zip code. We collect geolocation information. Using technologies such as GPS or Wi-Fi, we may collect information about your location. For example, if you use our mobile apps, we may access your device’s location information to provide you location-enabled features. We collect job application information, such as professional or employment-related information and education information. We collect information if you apply for a job with us. This information may include your education and work history, your skills, and qualifications for the position. We may ask about how you learned about the position. If applicable, we may ask about your driving record and your ability to perform the position. We may also collect the last four digits of your social security number and your nationality. We collect information about third parties. From time to time, we may allow you to send an email or message to a friend through one of our sites or apps. If you choose to do this, we will need that person’s name and email address. We collect information directly from you. We collect information from you when you: We collect information from you passively. We use tracking tools like browser cookies and mobile device IDs. We do this on our websites, in emails that we send to you, and in media advertising. We collect information about usage and browser information over time. We may have third parties collect personal information this way. We also collect information about you from our mobile apps. Third parties may also share information about you with us. For example, our business partners may give us information about you. We may receive information from companies who compile information about shoppers and their preferences. Social media platforms may also give us information about you, and we may get information about your interactions with our ads on third-party sites. We may combine information. For example, we may combine information we have collected offline with information we collect online. We combine information we have collected across third-party sites, including social media sites. We combine information across devices such as computers and mobile devices. We may also combine information from third parties with information we already have. We may use information to help us effectively provide you products and services. We use your information to respond to your questions or enable you to participate in our programs. This may include sweepstakes or contests. Another example is that we may use your information to process your registration with sites and apps. We may use your friends’ email addresses to send them information you requested we send them. We also use your information to process orders for you. We may also contact you if you have won a prize or promotion. We may use information to improve our products and services. One of our goals is that you have a positive experience with our sites, apps, and products. Therefore, we may use your information to improve your experience with our sites, apps, and products. We might use your information to personalize your experience with us. We may use information you provide or that third-party partners give us to personalize your experience. We may use information for security purposes. We may use your information to help protect you, our sites and apps, our company, our customers, and our consumers. We may use information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about products, offers, features, or updates. We might also use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. Those ads may appear on third-party platforms which may include social media. These might be our own offers or products, or third-party offers or products we think you might find interesting. We may provide you with information through email or push notification. We may use information to get feedback from you about how we’re doing and for other transactional purposes. We may contact you about this Notice or the Terms of Use posted to the sites or apps you are using. We may also communicate with you about a job application or your questions about our products or promotions. We may use information as the law allows us or as we may notify you. We may share information with third-party vendors. We may share information with companies who serve as our vendors or third parties who perform services on our behalf. They may help us deliver products or services to you. For example, we may share information with companies who operate our sites and apps or who run our promotions. We may share information with select business partners. For example, we may share information with joint promotion partners. If you register for a joint promotion, your information may be collected by both us and the third party. This might include retailers. Your information will be used by us as described in this Notice or by promotion partners as described in their policies. We will share information if we think we must in order to comply with the law or to protect our company. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. This includes United States and non-United States law enforcement or regulatory authorities. We may also share information if we are investigating potential fraud. We may share information with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may include your information as part of that transaction. If there are additional reasons we may share information, we will describe those to you. You can opt out of email marketing. To stop receiving promotional emails from us, follow the instructions in any promotional email message you get from us. If you opt out of getting marketing email messages, you may continue to receive non-marketing email messages from us where permitted by law. Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites. Because the standards for these signals are still under development, we currently do not take action in response to these signals. You can control tools on your mobile devices. For example, you can turn off the GPS locator or push notifications on your phone. To modify the push notifications you get from our app, you can alter your preferences in your profile. You may have other choices under applicable state laws. Depending on where you live, you may have certain additional rights, as described below. We only honor these rights where required by law. These additional rights are subject to exceptions under applicable laws. For example, we may not be able to honor certain rights requests without taking steps to verify your identity. If you would like to exercise these rights under applicable state privacy laws, you or your authorized agent have two options for doing so: We may verify your request by asking you to provide information to confirm your identity. This information may vary depending on your relationship with us. If you are a consumer in a jurisdiction that recognizes the ability to use an authorized agent and wish to contact us through an authorized agent, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. Please provide the state that you are writing from, accompanied with information you may have regarding the matter you are appealing. If your jurisdiction allows you to file a complaint with the state’s Attorney General’s Office regarding any concerns with the result of your appeal request, you may do so by using their online properties. How we may sell or share your personal information Residents of certain states may also have the right to opt-out of the sale of personal information and the sharing of personal information for targeted advertising. We do not sell your information for money, but our Services may use analytics and advertising technologies, including those provided by advertising partners that use your personal information to serve you targeted advertising that is based on your activity across our Services and third-party websites, apps and services. We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. We keep the categories of personal information described above for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this Notice or otherwise authorized by law. This generally means holding the information for as long as one of the following apply: We use various technical and organizational mechanisms to secure our websites and apps. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. We may link to or allow you to access the Services from third-party websites or platforms. Our sites and apps may also include third-party content that collects information. Third-party content may include tools like cookies and tracking technologies. These third parties may use your information for their own purposes. This may include behavioral advertising and analytic purposes. We do not control these third parties or their use of these technologies, so please read their privacy policies carefully. From time to time, we may change this Notice. When we do, we will notify you of any material changes as required by law. This may include posting an updated copy here and updating the “Last Updated” date. Please check this Notice periodically for updates. California “Shine the Light” Law California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) We have explained our privacy practices in full in the other sections of this Notice. In this section, we provide a list of categories of personal information, as set forth in the CCPA, that have been collected, disclosed for business purposes, shared for cross-context behavioral advertising, or sold for commercial purposes during the preceding 12 months, as well as certain other supplemental information. Some of these categories of personal information that we collect may include information that is considered sensitive under the CCPA. Please see the other sections of this Notice for additional information about our practices and your rights. Category of personal informationExplanationIdentifiers, such as your name, street address, phone number, IP address, or email address We may use this information to respond to your questions, to enable you to participate in our programs (including sweepstakes or contests), to process your registration with sites and apps, and for other business purposes. Commercial information, such as a record of your purchases We may use your information to provide you with products, to identify other products and offers that may be relevant to you, and for other business purposes. Biometric information, such as voice recordings, images, and information about your physical activities that you provide We use this information to provide you products and the Services and for our other business purposes, such as when we capture voice recordings as part of our customer support. Internet and electronic network activity information, such as information about your interactions with our ServicesWe may use this information to improve our Services, to better understand the visitors who come to our Services and what content is of interest to them, and for other business purposes. Precise geolocation information, using technologies such as GPS or Wi-FiWe may use this information to improve the quality, security, and relevance of our Services to our visitors and for other business purposes. Other electronic information, including information you post in a public space on our site (such as videos or photos)We may use this information to provide the services you ask for on our Services, as part of sweepstakes or other competitions, and for other business purposes. Inferences about you We may use this information to personalize your experience with us, and for other business purposes. Characteristics of protected classifications under applicable state or federal law, such as your genderWe may use this information for our equal employment opportunity program, and for other business purposes. As discussed in the other sections of this Notice, we collect these categories of information from you, through our interactions with you and others, and from third parties, and we disclose these categories of personal information within the PepsiCo family of companies and brands, to business partners and third-party vendors that provide us hosting, advertising, and other services, to advertising and analytics partners, and as needed to comply with legal process. Your personal information may also be disclosed to third parties with whom you interact and third parties that you direct us to disclose your information to through our Services. We may also disclose personal information with third parties in various additional ways, as described elsewhere in this Notice. In California, you may have certain additional rights under applicable law, in addition to your rights to access, correct, and delete your personal information as described above. In California, you also may have: Sale or Sharing. Over the past 12 months, we have worked with advertising partners who assist us with our targeted advertising activities, who may have had access to identifiers, Internet and other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, and other personal information. To the extent we collect precise geolocation information for purposes of performing a Service you have requested, we may be deemed to be collecting data that is “sensitive” under California law. Our use of this data for performing a Service you have requested is consistent with the permitted business purposes in California Civil Code § 1798.100 et seq. and implementing regulations. Financial Incentives The incentives associated with PTR and similar programs are designed to reward loyal customers based on the volume of products they purchase from us rather than the value of your personal information. Based on our reasonable and good faith estimate, we receive value from PTR in increased loyalty and purchases. You have the right to withdraw from the financial incentive at any time by canceling your participation in PTR or similar programs by contacting us as indicated below. Feel free to contact us if you have more questions PepsiCo, Inc.Attn: Consumer Relations700 Anderson Hill RoadPurchase, NY 105771-800-433-2652