END .x-site  UberMenu [Configuration:main] [Theme Loc:primary] [Integration:api] End UberMenu Brewery Directory A directory of South African Craft Breweries Map Search Pick a town or city and we'll show the nearby breweries Map Pins See where all South Africa's breweries are in one go Events A calendar of craft beer festivals and related events Or search for breweries by name... Privacy Policy & Disclaimer Hello there you curious beer adventurer you!Please pause your quest for beer for a second while we get serious about your privacy and the usage of this site, which is subject to a , a , and . This policy was last updated on 11 August 2021. CraftBru.com (no longer a company) is maintained as a hobby website that focuses on craft breweries, festivals and whatever else of interest, from South Africa and other parts of the world. The aim is to keep the info up to date, but changes are many and minutes are few, so there’s absolutely no guarantee as to how current or accurate the information on this site is. Aside from this site’s own info, no responsibility or liability whatsoever can be accepted in regards to the information on this site, which is: an aggregate of information sourced from official channels, online and offline; not necessarily comprehensive, complete, accurate or up to date; sometimes linked to external sites over which we have no control and assume no responsibility for; definitely not professional or legal advice; While the aim is zero technical errors, no guarantees are made that the site will never be interrupted or otherwise affected by problems. No responsibility is accepted for loss resulting in the use of this site or any linked external sites. © CraftBru.com, 2012-2021 All the content (text, images, photos, video, etc.) used on this website, and CraftBru’s social media channels, are the copyright of the respective creators. The rights exist without it having to be mentioned or registered anywhere. All rights are reserved and the content may not be reproduced in whole or in part without the express written permission from the copyright holder.Images from breweries and festivals are used , which falls within the for the express promotion/exposure of that brand or product (Commentary / Criticism / News / Education). To ask about using any of the content found on this site, . At CraftBru.com we too are avid Internet users and very weary of the perils of having info shared without permission, or it ending up in the wrong hands. We treat your data like we would want for our own. as far as it’s under our control, we will never use your information, or willingly let it be used, for anything other than CraftBru.com related stuff that you give us permission for. In a nutshell: As of 5 July 2021, CraftBru.com, the website, generates only the necessary for this site to function a cookie is a bit of information stored in your browser that most sites, this one and virtually every other, uses to do things. WordPress (our site’s content management system) creates 3 (named ), and if you manage to find one or more WooCommerce store pages, you’ll see 2 more. They all add functionality to this site only, do not track you across the web, and contains no info that can identify you to us or anyone else. . Essentially tk_* On that date we have also removed Google Analytics and Google Ads, and you should not receive cookies from these services during a new visit to this site. Our WooCommerce shop is currently disabled. These T&Cs will be updated should it be renabled. If in the past you purchased anything from, or paid for a listing on CraftBru.com, you may request a copy of your data stored with us (if any), and even request such data be deleted, provided such data is not required for compliance with local business, industry, and/or tax laws. We have, for the time being, disabled the ability to sign up to our newsletter from this site. When recently South Africa’s POPIA came into effect we purged our newsletter lists of any and all data. If you subscribed in the past then know that data has been destroyed. Our Privacy Policy is updated when required (not very often), so visit this page from time to time to see what’s new. However, it will continue to put your data privacy first. Aaaand, that’s all of it. If you read this far you totally deserve a beer and we should meet up for one*. *you’re buying