Strava Effective Date: December 4, 2023 Your privacy is very important to us. Before we get to the details, check out our Privacy Label to see a summary of our privacy practices. Click on the links to learn more and read the full policy below. Do we sell your personal information for monetary value? Do we share or sell aggregate information? Do we share your data with third parties that are not service providers? Do we share your personal information for targeted advertising? Do we use sensitive categories of data, like health information? Do we use your contact list? Do we delete your data when you request account deletion? Do we retain your data for as long as we need it unless you request deletion? Can you control who sees your activity and content? Can you control who sees your location-based activity? Are your activity and profile privacy controls set to “Everyone” by default? Do we provide additional privacy protections for minors under 18? Can you download and delete your data? Do all users worldwide have the same suite of controls? Do we track your device location to provide Strava services to you? Do we track your device location while you are not using our app? Do we use non-essential cookies? Do we track your browsing activities on other sites? No Do we listen to you using your device microphone? Do we give you advance notice when we make important changes and updates to our Privacy Policy? Do we send you marketing communications? Do we send you push notifications on mobile devices? Strava is headquartered in San Francisco, California, USA and our Services are provided to you by Strava, Inc. This policy was written in English. To the extent a translated version conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. Unless indicated otherwise, this Privacy Policy does not apply to our subsidiaries (which have their own privacy policies) or third party products or services, including other companies you might interact with on or through the Services. Strava, Inc. Strava collects information about you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you, if you or your other Strava users choose to share it with Strava. We receive information in a few different ways, including when you track, complete or upload activities using the Services. Strava also collects information about how you use the Services. There are also several opportunities for you to share information about yourself, your friends, and your activities with Strava. For example: Account, Profile, Activity, and Use Information We collect basic account information such as your name, email address, date of birth, gender, weight, username and password that helps secure and provide you with access to our Services. We also use dates of birth to enhance safety and privacy for our younger users, to place you on age-group leaderboards, and to provide more accurate performance analysis. Profile, activity and use information is collected about you when you choose to upload a picture, video, post, or activity (including date, time and geo-location information as well as your speed and pace and perceived exertion), join a challenge, add your equipment usage, view others' activities, or otherwise use the Services. We use your contact information so we can contact you when needed. For example, to respond to your support requests. We collect basic account information such as your name, email address, date of birth, gender, weight, username and password that helps secure and provide you with access to our Services. We also use dates of birth to enhance safety and privacy for our younger users, to place you on age-group leaderboards, and to provide more accurate performance analysis. basic account information Profile, activity and use information is collected about you when you choose to upload a picture, video, post, or activity (including date, time and geo-location information as well as your speed and pace and perceived exertion), join a challenge, add your equipment usage, view others' activities, or otherwise use the Services. Profile, activity and use information We use your contact information so we can contact you when needed. For example, to respond to your support requests. contact information Location Information We collect and process location information when you sign up for and use the Services. We do not track your device location while you are not using the Services. But in order to use our core features (e.g., GPS activity tracking, routes, segment leaderboards, etc.), it is necessary for you to permit us to track your device location while you use the Services. If you would like to stop the device location tracking, you may do so at any time by adjusting your device settings. We collect and process location information when you sign up for and use the Services. We do not track your device location while you are not using the Services. But in order to use our core features (e.g., GPS activity tracking, routes, segment leaderboards, etc.), it is necessary for you to permit us to track your device location while you use the Services. If you would like to stop the device location tracking, you may do so at any time by adjusting your device settings. location information Content You Share We gather information from the photos, videos, posts, comments, kudos, ratings, reviews, and other content you share on the Services, including when you participate in partner events or create segments or routes. We gather information from the photos, videos, posts, comments, kudos, ratings, reviews, and other content you share on the Services, including when you participate in partner events or create segments or routes. other content you share on the Services contacts' information Connected Devices and Apps Strava collects information from devices and apps you connect to Strava. For example, you may connect your Garmin watch or Flywheel account to Strava and information from these devices and apps will be passed along to Strava. Strava collects information from devices and apps you connect to Strava. For example, you may connect your Garmin watch or Flywheel account to Strava and information from these devices and apps will be passed along to Strava. devices and apps you connect to Strava health information Payment Information When you make a payment on Strava, you may provide payment information such as your payment card or other payment details. We use Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant third-party payment services and we do not store your credit card information. When you make a payment on Strava, you may provide payment information such as your payment card or other payment details. We use Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant third-party payment services and we do not store your credit card information. payment information Third-Party Accounts Strava allows you to sign up and log in to the Services using accounts you create with third-party products and services, such as Meta, Google, or Apple (collectively, “Third-Party Accounts”). If you access the Services with Third-Party Accounts we will collect information that you have agreed to make available such as your name, email address, profile information and preferences. This information is collected by the Third-Party Account providers and is provided to Strava under their privacy policies. You can generally control the information that we receive from these sources using the privacy controls in your Third-Party Account. Strava allows you to sign up and log in to the Services using accounts you create with third-party products and services, such as Meta, Google, or Apple (collectively, “Third-Party Accounts”). If you access the Services with Third-Party Accounts we will collect information that you have agreed to make available such as your name, email address, profile information and preferences. This information is collected by the Third-Party Account providers and is provided to Strava under their privacy policies. You can generally control the information that we receive from these sources using the privacy controls in your Third-Party Account. Third-Party Accounts The Services use log files. The information stored in those files includes IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer, protect and secure the Services, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information (e.g., country residence) for aggregate use. IP addresses may be linked to session IDs, athlete IDs and device identifiers. log files Other Information We may collect information directly from you or through our service providers, such as when we collect your feedback through surveys. We may also collect information about you from other Strava users such as when they give you kudos or comment on your activities. We may collect information directly from you or through our service providers, such as when we collect your feedback through surveys. collect information directly from you or through our service providers We may also collect information about you from other Strava users such as when they give you kudos or comment on your activities. information about you from other Strava users Strava uses the information we collect and receive as described below. We use the information we collect and receive to provide the Services, including providing you with the ability to: Record your activities and analyze your performance Interact with other users Manage your training Explore new places to go Visualize your activities in new ways Share insights with the Strava community To customize your experience We use the information we collect and receive to customize your experience. For example, we may suggest segments, routes, challenges, or clubs on Strava that may interest you, users that you may want to follow, or new features that you may want to try. For example, if we know that you like to hike, we may tell you about new hiking routes or show you sponsored content related to hiking. Or if we see that you bike ride in a certain area, we may suggest joining a club or a race in that area. We use the information we collect and receive to customize your experience. For example, we may suggest segments, routes, challenges, or clubs on Strava that may interest you, users that you may want to follow, or new features that you may want to try. For example, if we know that you like to hike, we may tell you about new hiking routes or show you sponsored content related to hiking. Or if we see that you bike ride in a certain area, we may suggest joining a club or a race in that area. To provide you with targeted promotions We use the information we collect and receive to serve you with relevant promotions, subject to your notification and email preferences. For example, if we see you are an active user who has been on a monthly subscription plan for an extended period of time, we may serve you a promotion to switch to a discounted annual plan. Or if you are an active user who has never subscribed, we may send you an offer for a free subscription trial. We use the information we collect and receive to serve you with relevant promotions, subject to your notification and email preferences. For example, if we see you are an active user who has been on a monthly subscription plan for an extended period of time, we may serve you a promotion to switch to a discounted annual plan. Or if you are an active user who has never subscribed, we may send you an offer for a free subscription trial. To assist you with a support request We use the information we collect and receive to provide support in response to your requests and comments. Depending on your request, this may require us to access your account, for example, to troubleshoot or replicate a reported issue. We use the information we collect and receive to provide support in response to your requests and comments. Depending on your request, this may require us to access your account, for example, to troubleshoot or replicate a reported issue. To improve our Services We also use the information we collect and receive to conduct research, and to analyze, develop, troubleshoot, and improve the Services. To do this, Strava may use third-party analytics providers to gain insights into how our Services are used, using aggregated data, and to help us improve the Services. We also use the information we collect and receive to conduct research, and to analyze, develop, troubleshoot, and improve the Services. To do this, Strava may use third-party analytics providers to gain insights into how our Services are used, using aggregated data, and to help us improve the Services. To communicate with you We may also use the information we collect and receive to market and promote the Services, activities and events on Strava, and other commercial products or services, including using email and push notifications, in accordance with your preferences. We may also contact you for partnership opportunities, when investigating alleged violations of our terms, or to send proactive customer support messages. We may also use the information we collect and receive to market and promote the Services, activities and events on Strava, and other commercial products or services, including using email and push notifications, in accordance with your preferences. We may also contact you for partnership opportunities, when investigating alleged violations of our terms, or to send proactive customer support messages. To process your subscription We use the information we collect to process your subscription, including using your location data to determine your country pricing. We use the information we collect to process your subscription, including using your location data to determine your country pricing. We do not sell your personal information for monetary value. We may share personal information in accordance with your preferences, as needed to run our business and provide the Services, and where required for legal purposes, as set forth below. In addition, we may sell or share aggregated data about our users, as described in more detail in the “Aggregate Information” section below. We do not sell your personal information for monetary value Service Providers We may share your information with third parties who provide services to Strava such as supporting, improving, promoting and securing the Services, processing payments, or fulfilling orders. These service providers only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information. We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of the Services over time on our behalf, to promote Strava or display information that may be relevant to your interests on the Services or other websites or services. We may share your information with third parties who provide services to Strava such as supporting, improving, promoting and securing the Services, processing payments, or fulfilling orders. These service providers only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information. We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of the Services over time on our behalf, to promote Strava or display information that may be relevant to your interests on the Services or other websites or services. Targeted Advertising We may use the information we collect and receive about you to provide you with targeted advertising if you accept non-essential cookies using our cookie banner. You may opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Do Not Share My Personal Information” link in the footer below or in our app by clicking on the “Personal Information Sharing” link in your Privacy Controls and following the instructions. We may use the information we collect and receive about you to provide you with targeted advertising if you accept non-essential cookies using our cookie banner. You may opt-out of targeted advertising by clicking the “Do Not Share My Personal Information” link in the footer below or in our app by clicking on the “Personal Information Sharing” link in your Privacy Controls and following the instructions. Third Party Business via API or Other Integrations We enable you to share your information and content with third party apps, plugins, or websites that integrate with the Services, as well as with third parties who work with Strava to offer an integrated feature, such as a challenge sponsor, media streaming, or tracking device. You can choose to share your profile data and activity data (including private activities) with these third parties. Information collected by these third parties is subject to their terms and policies and may not provide you with the same privacy controls that are available on Strava (for example, hiding a specific address or the start and end points on activity maps). Strava is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties. We enable you to share your information and content with third party apps, plugins, or websites that integrate with the Services, as well as with third parties who work with Strava to offer an integrated feature, such as a challenge sponsor, media streaming, or tracking device. You can choose to share your profile data and activity data (including private activities) with these third parties. Information collected by these third parties is subject to their terms and policies and may not provide you with the same privacy controls that are available on Strava (for example, hiding a specific address or the start and end points on activity maps). Strava is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties. use, sell, license, and share aggregated information Subsidiaries and Acquirors of our Business or Assets We may share your information with our subsidiaries, such as Recover Athletics and FATMAP, who are required to handle your personal information in accordance with their own Privacy Policies. If Strava becomes involved in a business combination, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution or other similar transaction, we may share or transfer your information in connection with such transaction. We may share your information with our subsidiaries, such as Recover Athletics and FATMAP, who are required to handle your personal information in accordance with their own Privacy Policies. If Strava becomes involved in a business combination, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution or other similar transaction, we may share or transfer your information in connection with such transaction. If you receive marketing communications from one or more of our subsidiaries, you must opt-out individually from each subsidiary you are receiving brand-specific marketing from. Any administrative or service-related emails (for example, to confirm a purchase, to notify you of pricing changes, to deliver a training plan you requested, or provide an significant update to our policies, etc.) may not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the Services you requested. You are responsible for providing us with a valid email address and keeping it updated to ensure you get these email notifications. After you make an account deletion request, we permanently and irreversibly delete your personal information from our systems, including backups. Once deleted, your data, including your account, activities and place on leaderboards cannot be reinstated. Following your deletion of your account, it may take up to 45 days to delete your personal information and system logs from our systems. Additionally, we may retain information where deletion requests are made to comply with the law and take other actions permitted by law. Note that we do not have control over content you have shared directly with others, such as photos or videos on other social media platforms, or that others may have copied. In other words, content or information may remain available after you have deleted your account or deleted specific information from your own profile. Your public profile may be displayed in search engine results until the search engine refreshes its cache. Strava also provides you the option to remove individual activities you have posted without deleting your account. Once removed, the activities may remain on Strava's systems until you delete your account. Our services are not intended for, nor directed to, children under 13 years of age. We use technical measures to prevent children under 13 years of age from creating an account and therefore do not knowingly collect personal information from anybody under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, do not use the Services. If you are under 13 years of age, do not use the Services How We Protect Information Strava implements technical, physical, and organizational measures and controls to safeguard and protect the transmission and storage of the data we collect. We employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity. Please be aware that despite our efforts, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your account or information. In addition, you can take steps to protect your account and information such as creating a unique password for Strava that is not easily guessed and that you don't use anywhere else, not sharing your password with others, and promptly reporting suspicious activity or unauthorized account access. Strava implements technical, physical, and organizational measures and controls to safeguard and protect the transmission and storage of the data we collect. We employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity. Please be aware that despite our efforts, we cannot guarantee absolute security of your account or information. In addition, you can take steps to protect your account and information such as creating a unique password for Strava that is not easily guessed and that you don't use anywhere else, not sharing your password with others, and promptly reporting suspicious activity or unauthorized account access. Strava relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including: Whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we use legal mechanisms, such as Standard Contractual Clauses, to ensure data transfers comply with applicable law. We retain information as long as it is necessary to provide the Services to you and others, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. Information associated with your account will generally be kept until it is no longer necessary to provide the Services or until your account is deleted or becomes inactive. In making these determinations, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the purposes for which the information is processed, whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and applicable legal requirements. © 2023 Strava More