You must create an account to use this service. This service can license user content to third parties. You have the right to leave this service at any time. This service provides archives of their Terms of Service so that changes can be viewed over time. You maintain ownership of your data. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. This services gives no guarantee regarding quality. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. This service prohibits users from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. Spidering or crawling is not allowed. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. You waive your right to a class action.. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user or $50. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes for users outside the EU. Users have a reduced time period to take legal action against the service. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. They may stop providing the service at any time. Invalidity of any portion of the Terms of Service does not entail invalidity of its remainder. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. Third parties may be involved in operating the service. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future . You must report to the service any unauthorized use of your account or any breach of security. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is friendlier to user privacy protection (California, USA). This service is only available to users over a certain age. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Your identity is used in ads that are shown to other users. The service can delete your account without prior notice and without a reason. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service.