The service provides information about how they intend to use your personal data. Your biometric data is collected. This service requires first-party cookies. The service provides details about what kinds of personal information they collect. This service collects your IP address, which can be used to view your approximate location. This service may use your personal information for marketing purposes. This service gathers information about you through third parties. The service collects many different types of personal data. The service can read your private messages. Your data may be processed and stored anywhere in the world. Third parties used by the service are bound by confidentiality obligations. You can delete your content from this service. This service may keep personal data after a request for erasure for business interests or legal obligations. The service may use tracking pixels, web beacons, browser fingerprinting, and/or device fingerprinting on users.. The service may collect extra data about you through promotions. The service will not allow third parties to access your personal information without a legal basis. The service allows you to opt out of providing personal information to third parties. You can opt out of targeted advertising. You can request access and deletion of personal data. The service reviews its privacy policy on a regular basis. The service provides a complaint mechanism for the handling of personal data. The service uses your personal data to employ targeted third-party advertising. The service provides information about how they collect personal data. You have the right to leave this service at any time. Tracking pixels are used in service-to-user communication. The service can sell or otherwise transfer your personal data as part of a bankruptcy proceeding or other type of financial transaction.. Your private content may be accessed by people working for the service. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. This service gives your personal data to third parties involved in its operation