The service has non-exclusive use of your content. The terms for this service are translated into different languages. There is a date of the last update of the agreements. Users agree not to submit libelous, harassing or threatening content. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at the users' sole risk. This service can license user content to third parties. Instead of asking directly, this Service will assume your consent merely from your usage.. When the service wants to make a material change to its terms, users are notified at least 30 days in advance. Users agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. The service can suspend your account for several reasons. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. Third parties are involved in operating the service. You can opt out of promotional communications. They may stop providing the service at any time. Users shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. The service has a no refund policy. You waive your right to a class action.. The court of law governing the terms is in location X. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to $1,000. The court of law governing the terms is in a jurisdiction that is less friendly to user privacy protection.. The service can delete specific content without reason and may do it without prior notice. Prohibits the posting of content which promotes or glorifies violence or politically or religiously extremist values.. Prohibits the posting of pornographic content. This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. This service forces users into binding arbitration in the case of disputes. defend, indemnify, hold harmless; survives termination. You are solely responsible for claims made against the service and agree to indemnify and hold harmless the service.. Failure to enforce any provision of the Terms of Service does not constitute a waiver of such provision. This service does not guarantee that it or the products obtained through it meet the users' expectations or requirements. You waive your moral rights. If you offer suggestions to the service, they may use that without your approval or compensation, but they do not become the owner. You must provide your legal name, pseudonyms are not allowed. The service can distribute your content through any media known now or in the future . Provides instructions on how to submit a copyright claim