Menu Self-Help Home Privacy Policy Newegg Search Index: 1.1. Newegg Inc. (17560 Rowland Street, City of Industry, CA 91748 USA) along with our affiliates and subsidiaries are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our customers and users (you). 2.1 This privacy policy tells you about how we use, protect and disclose your personal data that we have collected using both offline means (e.g. via phone, post, in-person meetings and other correspondence) and online means, such as when you use any website or mobile application owned or operated by Newegg, including Newegg.com and its local sub-domains and our blogs and programs (collectively, the “Site”). 2.2 You acknowledge that your personal data (including personal data collected through your use of our services, and the Site), will be collected, stored, shared and processed in accordance with this privacy policy. 2.3 The Site may contain links to other third-party websites or applications. Please be aware that these websites and applications may collect information about you. These websites and applications may have their own privacy notices or policies. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website and application that you use. 2.4 To the extent any linked websites or applications you visit are not owned or operated by Newegg, please be aware that we are not responsible or liable for the websites’ or applications’ content, any use of the websites or applications, or the privacy and security practices and policies of those websites or applications. In addition to the provisions set out in this privacy policy, additional terms and information relating to our processing of your personal data may apply to you depending on where you are located. These additional terms are set out as Appendices to this privacy policy: 4.1 We may collect the following data about you. Please note that we may combine personal data collected about you from one source with personal data that we have collected about you from other sources. We collect personal data that you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you register for an account on our Site (including signing up as a user, or to our Seller Portal, Vendor Portal or Affiliate Program). This personal data may include your name, email address, other contact details, login/account information, business information, marketing preferences and other information you may provide as part of your account profile. We also collect personal data you provide to us when you post a testimonial, feedback, review or comment including on our blogs (including, but not limited to, Newegg Insider, GameCrate, or Unlocked). This personal data may include your name and contact information, photos that you choose to upload and other personal data you may choose to provide as part of your post. We do not access photos on your device or cameras unless you allow us to do so. If you do allow us, you can manage your photos and camera settings at any time by changing the settings on your mobile device. Please note that personal data that you choose to post in a testimonial, feedback, review or comment may be read, collected and used by anyone. Therefore, please do not post anything you do not wish to be accessed by others. We collect personal data where you contact us or we contact you, and we will typically keep a record of such correspondence. This personal data may include your name and contact information, account information, your order information, your queries, and other personal data you may choose to provide to us. We collect personal data when you place an order and transact with Newegg (including tracking orders and managing returns), when you submit forms for tax exemptions, rebates, the Newegg Price Match Guarantee, the Newegg Marketplace Guarantee, when you trade-in used technology and when you transact on our Marketplace platform. This personal data may include biographical information, contact information, delivery information such as shipping address, telephone number, and payment and invoicing information, such as your bank account/card number, billing address, bank card expiration date, and bank card security code. We collect personal data that you voluntarily provide to us when you register for programs offered by Newegg, including, but not limited to, the Newegg Subscription Program, Newegg Premier, and Newegg Points and Rewards Program, and when you verify your academic status for various Newegg Programs and discounts. This personal data may include your name, email address, other contact details, login/account information, school information, marketing preferences and other information you may provide. We may collect personal data relating to your financial situation, your creditworthiness or any criminal or fraudulent activities provided to us by you or third parties, including information which establishes your identity (such as driving licenses, passports and utility bills), information about transactions, credit ratings from credit reference agencies, fraud, offenses, and suspicious transactions, where your details are included. We maintain a presence on social media platforms including, but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube. We collect personal data when you interact with us on social media. Please note that these social media platforms may set cookies and other tracking technologies on your device when you visit their pages and when you navigate from their pages. The output of such information may be provided to us (usually for statistical purposes to see how users interact with our content on social media platforms). These social media platforms will also be data controllers of your personal data. Information about how they collect and use your personal data (and how they use cookies and other technologies, including instructions on how you can disable these) can usually be found in their respective privacy policies and cookies policies on their respective websites. We collect personal data where you complete surveys that we may use for research purposes, and where you choose to enter into contests/sweepstakes that we run. This personal data may include your name and contact information and other personal data you may choose to provide us. We may access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or any other device (referred to collectively as a “Device”) such as IP address, domain name, browser version and operating system, traffic data, weblogs, and other communication data, and device identifiers. We may also collect photos, videos, Touch ID and Face ID login abilities and session IDs for third-party service providers such as payment providers (“Device Information”). To the extent required by applicable law, we will ask for your consent prior to collecting Device Information. Please note that we may associate Device Information with your account. In addition, we may associate a Device with your account. We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you With your permission, which you may provide when you install our mobile application or when you access and use our mobile application, we may collect information about the general location of a Device. We may also collect, use, store, transfer, share, and disclose your personal data that is publicly available for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. The Site is intended for use by adults only. Newegg does not sell products intended for purchase by children and does not therefore knowingly or intentionally collect personal data from children. Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only. Please only use this Site if you are aged 18 or over. 4.2 If you do not provide us with the personal data described in section 4.1 of the privacy policy, some or all of the following may happen: 5.1 We may use your personal data for a variety of business purposes, which we have set out below. To conduct our business, including to enable you to use our services and Site, to respond to your queries, to carry out our obligations arising from any agreements entered into between you and us and to contact you in connection with the foregoing. This includes processing and fulfilling your orders, returns and exchanges and providing you with information and updates relating to your orders and your account. To determine whether to register you as a user of our Site, or to our Seller Portal, Vendor Portal or Affiliate Program, to manage your account and subscriptions (including to manage your customized settings) and to fulfill your benefits that are associated with your use of our services, such as to award points through our EggPoint loyalty program. To communicate with you about updates to our terms, services and Site and to provide you with customer support and to respond to your requests, comments, questions, or concerns, and to contact you if we have trouble processing your order or there are issues with your account. Such communications are provided by various means, including emails, SMS and “push notifications” on Devices (where enabled). Calls may be recorded for training and monitoring purposes. To take payment from you when you sign-up for certain features, when you order from us, to provide you with refunds and to process payments when you transact on our Marketplace platform. To prevent fraud as may be required by applicable law and regulation and best practice at any given time. If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified or suspected, details may be passed to fraud prevention agencies and may be recorded by us or by them. To facilitate interactions between users, including listing and promotion of products, shipping and payment. This will require disclosure of personal data about each party to one another. To allow you to post a testimonial, review or comment including on our blogs (including, but not limited to, Newegg Insider, GameCrate, or Unlocked). Please note that such testimonial, review or comment may be read, collected and used by anyone. To ensure that content from our Sites is presented in the most effective and secure manner for you and for your device. To analyze your personal data in order to better understand your and our other clients’ services and marketing requirements, to better understand our business and develop our products, services, and Site. In order to do this, we may apply profiles to you based on your personal data and behavioral information (such as the pages on the Site you have visited or interacted with, including by reference to personal data legitimately obtained and shared with us by third parties or publicly available data). Such profiles may be used as part of our advertising, analytics, security, and provision of support. here you have entered into contests/sweepstakes, we will use your personal data to manage and administer such contests/sweepstakes, including to award you with any applicable prizes. To provide you with updates and offers, where you have chosen to receive these. We may also use your information for marketing our own and our selected business partners’ products and services to you by post, email, SMS and phone and fax. We may also use personal data to market to you via social media. Where required by law, we will ask for your consent at the time we collect your data to Please also note that our marketing-related emails may contain a campaign-unique “web beacon pixel” to tell us how you interact with our communications. We may use this information for purposes including determining which of our emails are more interesting to you and to query if you should continue receiving emails if you do not open them. The pixel will be deleted when you delete the email. Where you subscribe to an online service, the accompanying emails similarly include a pixel. We track your interaction with these emails and our online services to validate attendance for accreditation purposes, to help determine which information is of interest to you and to customize the advertisements you see on our Sites. If you do not wish the pixel to be downloaded to your Device, you should opt-out of email marketing or review emails in plain text format. This information may be connected to your personal identity. For further information about tracking technologies, please see section 6 below. To understand and analyze your online experiences and to determine what events, products and services are likely to be of interest to you, we may combine your visitor session information or other information collected through tracking technologies (whether you are logged in or not) with personal data. Where you consent to the use of your location data, certain mobile applications may use location data. We may process your personal data to enforce our terms and to comply with our legal and regulatory requirements or dialogue with regulators/judicial proceedings/court orders as applicable which may include disclosing your personal data to third parties, the court service and/or regulators or law enforcement agencies in connection with inquiries, proceedings or investigations by such parties anywhere in the world or where compelled to do so. In the event that we: (i) are subject to negotiations for the sale of our business or part thereof to a third party; (ii) are sold to a third party; or (iii) undergo a re-organization, we may need to transfer some or all of your personal data to the relevant third party (or its advisors) as part of any due diligence process for the purpose of analyzing any proposed sale or re-organization. We may also need to transfer your personal data to that re-organized entity or third party after the sale or reorganization for them to use for the same purposes as set out in this policy. We use cookies and similar technologies (including device identifiers) in relation to the Site. 6.1. What are cookies? A cookie is a small text file that is generated by a website, including the Site, and is stored on your device. When you access the Site, a number of cookies used by Newegg and third parties are sent to your browser and stored on your device. When you next visit the Site, Newegg and the third parties will use this information to recognise and remember your device. Third parties may also use this to recognise you when you are on other websites and mobile applications. Cookies are useful for a variety of purposes. For example, they allow you to navigate between pages efficiently and allow us to remember preferences and generally improve your user experience. They are also used to tailor advertising to your interests through tracking your browsing across websites. For example, when you view certain products on our Site or have interacted with certain pages on our Site, we may use this information to show you advertisements which may interest you. Similarly, third parties that place cookies on our Site may use this type of information to present you with tailored advertising when you other their websites. Session cookies are deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser. Cookies set by Newegg are first-party cookies. Cookies set by third parties are third-party cookies. Please note that Newegg has no access to or control over third-party technologies and information about their data collection practices should be found on their respective websites. 6.2. What cookies does Newegg use? We describe below the categories of cookies that are set by Newegg and its partners when you visit the Site. 6.3. Other tracking technologies In conjunction with cookies, we may utilise other tracking technologies to understand how you access and use our Site and services. These tracking technologies may include: We may link data stored in cookies or collected by similar tracking technologies to other personal data we collect about you as you use the Site. 6.4. “Do not track signals” Some web browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that, when turned on, signals to websites the user visits that the user does not want to be tracked. At this time, the Site does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals or similar mechanisms. 6.5. Consent In some countries, by using the Site, you consent to the use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies in accordance with this policy. In other countries, we are required to collect your consent for many of the cookies and tracking technologies we use. Where this is the case, you will have seen a pop- up to this effect on your first visit to the Site. Although the pop-up may not usually appear on subsequent visits, you may withdraw your consent at any time by following the instructions below. 6.6. Managing and disabling cookies on the Site and on our App If you use a smart phone, you can usually prevent cross-site tracking and block Cookies in the settings section on your device. You may also be able to visit websites without leaving a history by turning private browsing on. You should visit the support section of the website of your device for more information on how to do this. We may share or disclose your personal data for the purposes set out in section 5 above to third parties. These third parties include: Such service providers may include: Such advisors may include legal, financial, business or other advisors. Third-party sellers offer products for sale through Newegg’s Marketplace platform, and we will share your personal data with such sellers when you use the Marketplace platform. As mentioned above, any personal data you make available publicly such as by your reviews, comments or testimonials will be shared with other users of the Site. We may share your personal data we collect with all Newegg subsidiaries and affiliates. As our business continues to evolve, we may acquire, establish or sell business units or subsidiaries. Customer data is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of transactions. In such a situation, your personal data would only be used in a manner consistent with this privacy policy. We may disclose your personal data as required by law or regulation, and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Newegg. We may collect, use, store, transfer, share, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose (subject to applicable law). Security 9.1. No data transmission over the Internet or websites can be guaranteed to be secure from intrusion. However, Newegg takes commercially reasonable efforts to protect its customers’ personal data. 9.2. If you wish to have your financial information (including payment card details (such as card number, CVV2, expiration date) and related billing information (such as billing address, billing phone, billing contact)) removed at the time of your order, you may opt to have your financial information deleted from our records upon completion of your order. Otherwise, you may contact us at privacy@newegg.com, or call toll free 1-800-390-1119, to request that your financial information be deleted from our database. For future transactions, you will be required to re-enter your information. Safeguarding account information 9.4. To ensure that your username and password remain confidential, we request that you DO NOT share this information with anyone. General overseas transfers 10.1. Our servers and offices are located in the United States, and as a result, we may collect, process, store, share, and transfer your personal data in the United States. As a global organization, we may also share your personal data elsewhere globally. In addition, please note that when you purchase products from a Marketplace seller, your personal data will be provided to this seller. Such sellers can be located anywhere in the world. 10.2. As such, you understand and acknowledge that your personal data may be accessed by staff or suppliers in, transferred to, and/or stored at, a destination outside the country in which you are located, including to our servers and offices in the United States. 10.3. These countries may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country; however, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data that is transferred outside your home country is safeguarded as in line with this privacy policy. 11.1. Our retention periods for personal data are based on business needs and legal requirements. 11.2. We will retain your personal data while we are using it, for purposes described in section 5 above. We may continue to retain it after we have ceased such uses for certain legitimate business purposes. For example, if you have opted out of marketing communications from us, we will retain limited details about you to ensure we can honor your opt-out request. We may also continue to retain your personal data to meet our legal requirements or to defend or exercise our legal rights. 11.3. The length of time for which we will retain your personal data will depend on the purposes for which we need to retain it. After we no longer need to retain your personal data, we will delete it or securely destroy it in accordance with our records retention policy. 12.1. Newegg operates in countries with data protection laws which provide different rights to individuals in respect of access, deletion, rectification and limiting processing of personal information – please see the Appendices for further details of this. When you submit a request to exercise your rights, we will need to check your entitlement prior to answering a request. Please note that your rights may be subject to certain exemptions as set out in applicable data protection law(s). 12.2. In general, the following rights are likely available to you regardless of where you are located: 12.3. To submit a request regarding your personal data by email, post or telephone, please use the contact information at Appendix 1. Please note that you can easily access your profile information, order history, payment options, and shipping address book through your Account. Contacting us 13.1. You may change or review your account information and settings for the following: Account Information 13.3. You cannot change your email address and Newegg ID from the Newegg mobile application or mobile website. Please note that you must have your email address/Newegg ID and password in order to access your account. Marketing communications 13.4. At the time of your order, you may choose to receive marketing communications and special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field. 13.6. You may also use the link provided in all Newegg Marketing communications to automatically unsubscribe. Please note that you may still receive non-marketing service communications. Cookie Settings 14.1. You can manage cookies through your browser’s settings. Push Notifications 14.2. If you currently receive “push notifications” and wish to stop receiving “push notifications”, you can deactivate these notifications at any time by changing the settings on your mobile device. Uninstall Mobile Application 14.3. You can stop all further collection of information by our mobile application by uninstalling our mobile application. You may use the standard uninstall process to remove our mobile application from your mobile device. We regularly review and, if appropriate, update this privacy policy from time to time, and as our services and use of personal data evolves. If these changes are material, we will take steps to inform you of these. We will update the date of this document each time it is changed. The privacy policy contained herein became officially effective July 22, 2021. Name Registered address Country of establishment Contact details for data protection queries  If you are located in Argentina, the provisions of this Appendix 2 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. If you are located in Australia, the provisions of this Appendix 3 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. If you are located in Canada, the provisions of this Appendix 4 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. Who do we share your personal data with and why? As a result, for individuals in Canada, your personal data may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities of the United States. As a result, for individuals in Canada, your personal data may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities of where the Marketplace seller is located. Additional rights available to individuals located in Canada. Your exercise of these rights is subject to certain exemptions. Tracking If you are located in the EEA or the UK, the provisions of this Appendix 5 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. Why do we use your personal data (by reference to section 5 of the privacy policy) Lawful basis 5(a): To conduct our business and provide you with our services and access to our Site Contract performance, legitimate interests (to enable us to perform our obligations and provide our services to you). 5(b): To manage your account and subscriptions 5(c): To communicate with you (about updates and changes) and provide you with customer support 5(d): To facilitate payments Contract performance, legitimate interests (to ensure payments are correctly managed). 5(e): In relation to fraud prevention 5(f): To enable you and other users to communicate and transact with one another, such as via our Marketplace platform 5(g): To allow you to use interactive features of the Site Legitimate interests (to enable us to promote and develop our business based on feedback). 5(h): To ensure our Site content is relevant and to maintain the security of our Site Legitimate interests (to allow us to provide you with the content and services on the websites in a secure manner). 5(i): For research and development purposes Legitimate interests (to allow us to improve our services). 5(j): To administer contests/sweepstakes Contract performance, legitimate interests (to ensure contests/sweepstakes are correctly administered). 5(k): To provide you with marketing materials Consent, legitimate interest (where we are not required to rely on consent) (to keep you updated with news in relation to our products and services). 5(l): Mobile applications and website analytics Consent, legitimate interest (where we are not required to rely on consent) (to keep you updated with news in relation to our products and services and to enable us to analyse how you interact with our communications). 5(m): To enforce our terms and in connection with legal or regulatory obligations Legal obligations, legitimate interests (to cooperate with law enforcement and regulatory authorities). With respect to special categories of personal data, we will usually rely on legal claims, substantial public interests (processing for the prevention and detection of fraud/crime) or very rarely where necessary, explicit consent. 5(n): To reorganise or make changes to our business Legitimate interests (in order to allow us to change our business). The main lawful bases for our use of personal data are as follows: The main lawful bases for our use of your special categories of personal data are as follows: Consent: where you have consented to our use of your personal data. You may withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data by contacting us as per section 1 of the privacy policy. If you do so, we may be unable to provide a service that requires the use of such personal data. Legal claims: where your personal data is necessary for us to establish, exercise or defend any legal claims. Contract performance: where we are required to collect and handle your personal data in order to provide you with the services that we have contractually agreed to provide to you. Substantial public interest: where we need to process your personal data for reasons of substantial public interest set out in EU or UK law. Legal obligation: where we need to use your personal data to comply with our legal obligations. Explicit consent: where you have given your explicit consent to the processing of those personal data for one or more specified purposes. You may withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data by contacting us as per the section 1 of the privacy policy. If you do so, we may be unable to provide a service that requires the use of such personal data. Legitimate interests: where we have a legitimate interest in using your personal data. We will only rely on this lawful basis if we consider that our interest in using your personal data for the relevant purpose is not outweighed by any interests that you may have, or any prejudice that you may suffer, from the relevant use of your personal data. EU RepresentativeOsano International Compliance Services LimitedATTN: B9DJ3 Dublin LandingsNorth Wall QuayDublin 1D01C4E0UK RepresentativeOsano UK Compliance LTDATTN: B9DJ42-46 Fountain StreetBelfastAntrimBT1 – 5EF If you are located in the HKSAR, the provisions of this Appendix 6 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. If you are located in Israel, the provisions of this Appendix 7 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. If you request to exercise any of these rights we will check your entitlement to do so. If we deny your request, we will endeavour to advise you of the reason for the refusal. If you are located in India, the provisions of this Appendix 8 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. If you are located in Japan, the provisions of this Appendix 9 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. Additional rights available to individuals located in Japan. You consent to the processing of your personal data (including the processing of you financial data, and the transfers of your personal data to third parties and to countries outside of Mexico) on the terms set out in this privacy policy. If you are located in New Zealand, the provisions of this Appendix 11apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. If you are located in the Philippines, the provisions of this Appendix 12 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. Substantial public interest: where we need to process your personal data for reasons of substantial public interest set out in Philippine law. If you are located in the Republic of Korea, the provisions of this Appendix 13 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. Item Purpose of Use Name, telephone number, fax number, physical address, billing address, shipping address, email address, credit card information, Newegg customer number, device information, IP address and cookie ID information To register accounts, to process and fulfil orders and returns, to manage accounts and subscriptions, to fulfil benefits, to provide and improve the Site and our services, to detect and prevent fraud, to communicate with customers and provide customer support, to facilitate interactions between users, to maintain the security of the Site, to administer contests and sweepstakes, to provide marketing materials, to enforce our terms, to comply with legal and/or regulatory obligations, and to reorganize or make changes to our business For businesses, business name, business legal name, business identification number, business representative name, company address, email address, credit card information, bank account information, customer number, vendor number, Marketplace seller number, device information, browser data, IP address and cookie ID information To register accounts, to process and fulfil orders and returns, to process payments and refunds, to process requests for services, to manage accounts and subscriptions, to fulfil benefits, to provide and improve the Site and our services, to detect and prevent fraud, to communicate with customers and provide customer support, to facilitate interactions between users, to maintain the security of the Site, to administer contests and sweepstakes, to provide marketing materials, to enforce our terms, to comply with legal and/or regulatory obligations, and to reorganize or make changes to our business (A) Provision of personal data Recipient Transferee Country Information Manager Contact Information Date and Time of Transfer Transfer Method Transferred Items Retention/Use Period Cheetah Digital The United States 72 W. Adams St., 8th Floor, Chicago, IL 60603 +1 866-499-1007 When you use the Site and when you interact with content powered by Cheetah Digital Through cookies, similar tracking technologies, and API Customer Name, email address, phone number, postal address, IP address, and cookie ID To provide personalized customer experience on the Site For the length of time needed to fulfil its services, which is typically for the term of the agreement between of Cheetah Digital and Newegg Monetate When you access and/or use the Site Through Monetate’s platform, and through cookies, scripts, API, and similar tracking technologies IP address, unique customer ID, and device and browser information During the term of the agreement between Newegg and Monetate and as provided in Monetate’s agreements, policies, and terms Facebook, Inc. Privacy Operations 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025 When you use the Site, when you use certain features on the Site, and when you interact with Newegg through Newegg’s social media accounts Through cookies, API, SDKs, pixels, social plug-ins, and similar tracking technologies IP address, GUID, and cookie ID To personalize customer experience through targeted advertisements and offers On termination of the applicable terms, unless applicable law requires further storage and retention, and as provided in Facebook’s agreements, policies, and terms Rakuten Any country in which Rakuten maintains servers and facilities 800 Concar Drive, Suite 175 San Mateo, CA 94402 When you use the Site, and when you use certain features on the Site Through cookies, API, SDKs, pixels, and similar tracking technologies IP Address, order ID, cookie ID, customer ID For one year from the time of your last interaction with the Site or Rakuten’s services. Google Ads Any country in which Google maintains servers and facilities 855-548-2777 Through API, cookies, tags, SDKs, pixels, and similar tracking technologies IP address, order ID, cookie ID, and GUID During the term plus the period from expiry of the agreement between Newegg and Google and as provided in Google’s agreements, policies, and terms Newegg Distributors Any country in which Newegg’s distributors are located Varies by distributor. Please contact Newegg for information concerning Newegg’s distributors. When you place an order, when you request a return, when you request assistance with an order and/or return, and when you request warranty information Order number, customer number, contract person name, shipping information To fulfil orders and returns and to provide customer support For the length of time needed to fulfil orders and returns and to provide customer support, and during the term of the agreement between Newegg and the distributor and as provided in Newegg’s agreement with the distributor Newegg Marketplace Sellers Any country in which Newegg’s distributors are locate Sellers’ contact information can be found on the applicable sellers’ profile page on the Site. When you place an order, when you request a return, when you request assistance with an order and/or return, when you request warranty information, and when you submit claims for the Newegg Marketplace Guarantee Through Newegg’s Marketplace platform, and through emails sent by Newegg or customers to Newegg Marketplace Sellers Order number, customer number, contract person name, shipping information, and return information To fulfil orders and returns, to provide customer support, and to process claims for the Newegg Marketplace Guarantee For the length of time needed to fulfil orders and returns and to provide customer support, and during the term of the agreement between Newegg and the Marketplace Seller and as provided in Newegg’s agreement with the Marketplace Seller (B) Consignment of personal data American Express American Express Customer Service phone number 1 (800) 528-4800 At or around the time of the transaction Through API Customer name, credit card number, billing address and email address To process payments and refunds for transactions 30 days PayPal PayPal Customer Service phone number 1 (888) 221-1161 Customer Name and billing address Worldpay The United Kingdom Worldpay customer service phone number 1 (877) 775-3706 Customer name, credit card number, billing address, and email Accertify Email: legal@accertify.com Customer name, billing address, credit card number, and email 90 days United Parcel Services Inc. (“UPS”) 888-912-9055 Via the UPS website Customer name, email address, telephone number, transaction number, RMA number, shipping from information, and shipping to information To ship and return products For no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal information was collected or as required in accordance with UPS’s privacy policy, and terms Emailage (866) 936-2452 Emailage Corp. 25 South Arizona Place, Suite 400 Chandler, AZ 85225 At or near the time of customer transactions, account registration, and account maintenance Customer name, email address, physical address, and IP address To identify or prevent fraud For at least 12 months, for as long as the personal information is needed in accordance with Emailage’s privacy policy Ekata Inc. 1301 Fifth Avenue, Suite 1600 Seattle, WA USA 98101 Legal@ekata.com When you and/or Newegg submit your personal data to Ekata through queries Through queries submitted to Ekata Customer name, address, email address, IP address, and any other personal information provided by you or Newegg To verify the identity of customers, to assess fraud risks and to prevent fraud For so long as the personal information necessary for the purposes for which the personal information was collected Genesys Cloud DataPrivacy@genesys.com When you or Newegg submit your personal information to Genesys Cloud Through Genesys Cloud Servicescloud services Customer name, address, email address, and any other personal information submitted to Genesys Cloud by Newegg or Newegg customers To communicate with customers and to provide customer service Up to three years Sprout Social Inc. 131 S. Dearborn., Suite 700, Chicago, IL 60603 (866) 878-3231 Privacy@sproutsocial.com When you interact with Newegg through Newegg’s social media accounts Through social networks, cookies, similar tracking technologies, and API Social media profile information, geographic location and any personal information you provide when you communicate with Newegg through Newegg’s social media accounts To provide social media-related engagement, publishing, analytics, and listening and monitoring software services Up to 13 months after termination of the agreement between Newegg and Sprout Social Osano 3800 North Lamar Blvd., Suite 200 Austin TX 78756 legal@osano.com When you submit a request using one of the web forms provided in Newegg’s privacy policy Through requests submitted using the web forms provided in Newegg’s privacy policy Customer name, email address, telephone number, and address To receive, process, and manage your data privacy requests and to provide customer service As necessary to provide its services, to comply with Osano’s legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce its agreements, and as provided in Osano’s agreements, policies, and terms Google Analytics When you use the Site GUID To provide and improve the Site and our services, to analyse how the Site and our services are used, and to personalize customer experience through targeted advertisements and offers, and In accordance with Article 29, Paragraph 2 of the Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection Act, the personal data of users who do not use the service during the past 1 year is stored and managed separately from other users’ personal data. We will aim to notify you if your personal data will be stored and managed separately, items of personal data that will be stored and managed separately and effective date of such separation via e-mail, facsimile, telephone or other similar means 30 days before the effective date of such separation. If you are located in Singapore, the provisions of this Appendix 14 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. You consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal data on the terms set out in this privacy policy. If you are located in Thailand, the provisions of this Appendix 15 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. Substantial public interest: where we need to process your personal data for reasons of substantial public interest set out in Thai law. If you are located in Turkey, the provisions of this Appendix 16 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. If you are located in the USA, the provisions of this Appendix 18 apply in addition to the provisions of the privacy policy. For All States Except California For California Residents Only Where California privacy laws apply (if you are a consumer resident in California and where the Newegg data controller meets the relevant threshold tests) the following additional provisions apply: Category Business/Commercial Purpose Disclosed/”Sold” to Third Parties Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, vehicle identification number, license plate, or other similar identifiers. To perform services on behalf of ourselves, including servicing your account and providing you customer service and for the purposes set out in section 5 of the privacy policy. Your signature, physical characteristics or description, telephone number, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Personal characteristics, such as your gender, age, date of birth, citizenship status, and marital status. To perform services on behalf of ourselves, including servicing your account and providing you customer service and for the purposes set out in section 5 of the privacy policy Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Biometric information N/A Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an internet web site, application, or advertisement. Auditing related to a current interaction with the consumer and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standards and for the purposes set out in section 5 of the privacy policy. Geolocation data Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information Professional or employment-related information Education information, defined as information that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act. Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. Any other such personal information as set out in section 4 of the privacy policy. This could include, and is not limited to, web hosting providers, app hosting providers, IT systems administrators, mailing houses, couriers, payment processors, data entry service providers, electronic network administrators, and professional advisors such as accountants, solicitors, business advisors and consultants Updated on September 12, 2023