Main Menu Home Trees Search DNA Explore Cart Loading  Ancestry Privacy Statement Language 18 September 2023 Effective: Summary of Changes The below summarizes the most recent changes to Ancestry’s Privacy Statement and how the changes may impact you. Specifically: We added language to further align with the requirements of the California Privacy Rights Act (“”), the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“”), other U.S. laws and regulations, and the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“”); CPRA VCDPA LGPD We included Forces War Records, our international military history brand, in Ancestry’s Privacy Statement; We disclosed that we are now collecting birth date, rather than birth year, in connection with AncestryDNA Test Kit Registration to help us appropriately assign ownership of accounts; and We made changes throughout the Privacy Statement to support transparency and readability. At Ancestry, your privacy is a top priority. Ancestry is committed to being a good steward of your Personal Information (defined ), handling it in a responsible manner, and securing it with administrative, technical, organizational, and physical safeguards. We believe in being honest, direct, and transparent when it comes to your data. In that regard, Ancestry follows three guiding principles: . We work hard to be transparent about the Personal Information we collect and process. Transparency . We try to use easy-to-understand language to describe our privacy practices to help you make informed choices. Simplicity . We give you control over the Personal Information you provide to us, including your DNA Data (defined ), and how it is used, shared, and retained. Control When You Use Our Services You maintain control of your Biological Samples and DNA Data, and you can manage, delete, or destroy them as described in this Privacy Statement. You may discover unexpected facts about yourself or your family when using our services. Once discoveries are made, we can’t undo them. This Privacy Statement covers the Ancestry websites, services, and mobile apps that link to this Privacy Statement, including: Ancestry, , , ™, , , and . Within this Privacy Statement, we refer to these websites, services, and mobile apps as “Ancestry”. . The contains additional details for US residents including those in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia. US Customers . Ancestry Ireland Unlimited Company is the controller of your Personal Information, and contains information about your rights. Non-US Customers Table of Contents 1. Introduction To provide and improve the websites, mobile applications, and services (collectively the “”), we collect, store, and otherwise process "", which is information that can identify you, directly or indirectly, as further described in . Personal Information includes your name, email, address, or any information that could reasonably be linked back to you, including your . This Privacy Statement describes our practices for collecting, storing, and otherwise processing your Personal Information and the controls we provide you to manage it within our Services including the right to object to certain kinds of processing. This Privacy Statement includes our , which describes our use of browser cookies and similar tracking technologies. Services Personal Information Information about deceased people is not Personal Information under this Privacy Statement. 2. Account Creation and Your Use of Ancestry Services When you create an Ancestry an account, we will collect, process, and share your Personal Information (including your Genetic Information if you have taken an AncestryDNA test) as described in this Privacy Statement. 3. What Personal Information Does Ancestry Collect From You? The types of Personal Information we receive and collect from you depend on how you use the Services. We require certain Account Information to deliver the Services in accordance with our and without this we will not be able to provide our Services to you. Account Information Your name (required); An email address (required); A password that you create (required); Certain Ancestry brands may support third-party sign-in services such as Facebook, Google and Apple that provide Ancestry your Personal Information, such as your name and email address, and profile photo; and You may provide a phone number so we can (i) notify you of AncestryDNA test result status; (ii) assist you when you contact (“”), (iii) allow you to enable multi-factor authentication. Member Services Credit Card/Payment Information Payment and billing information, such as your credit card number, and your billing and shipping address(es), when you sign up for a free trial or make a purchase, such as an Ancestry subscription or an AncestryDNA test kit. AncestryDNA Test Kit Registration Information The registration code associated with your AncestryDNA test kit; Your assigned sex at birth; and Your birthdate. Profile Information We collect the information you provide when you create a user profile (for example, a profile image, your name, username, biography, age, location, and linked account usernames). Your Ancestry user profile information is visible to other users (defined in our ), so consider limiting this information and using a username that is different from your real name to protect your privacy. Your Content We collect Personal Information through content you voluntarily contribute to the Services, including family trees, photos, audio/video recordings, stories, record annotations, comments, messages, and feedback provided to Ancestry. Genetic Information DNA Data Your DNA Data and any information derived from it, such as ethnicity estimates, Genetic Communities suggestions, traits, and genetic relative matches are Personal Information referred to as “”. . Neither the sample you provide us using an AncestryDNA test kit nor the DNA extracted from your sample (together referred to as “”) are Personal Information under this Privacy Statement. You can consent to have your Biological Samples stored in our biobank for future testing at your option. Future testing and research may be done if you agree to our or if you consent to other tests of your Biological Samples. If you do not consent to the storage of your Biological Samples, we will destroy them. and describe how you can control your Biological Samples. You may request that Ancestry destroy your Biological Samples by contacting Member Services. We may destroy Biological Samples that do not meet our quality-assurance requirements at our discretion. Your Sample and Extracted DNA Biological Samples Health-Related Information HIPAA Your Communications Contests and Promotions Find a Grave Photos and Photo Volunteers Protected Classifications and Sensitive Data For information on Personal Information processed by Ancestry relating to non-Ancestry users please click . 4. What Information Does Ancestry Collect Through Your Use of the Services? Computer and Mobile Device Information Ancestry collects information about how you access our Services, including the website you visited before and after Ancestry’s site. We also collect the IP address where your computer, mobile device, or the proxy server you use accesses the Internet, in addition to other technical information, such as: Your computer operating system; Your web browser; Your mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system and your mobile operating system; and The name of your internet service provider or mobile carrier. Ancestry collects geolocation information from your device with your permission. Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies Information Shared Through Social Media Features If you interact with social media through the Services, for example “Share,” “Post,” “Tweet,” “Pin,” or “Follow Us” links to sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, and YouTube, Ancestry will collect these interactions and whatever account information these services make available to us dependent on your privacy settings with that third party. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the applicable third-party company. You may have the option to sign-in to Ancestry Services using your social networking account, such as a Google or Apple account. When you give appropriate permissions, we will receive information about you from your social networking account that Ancestry will use to create your account and build your profile, such as your name, email address, and profile photo. Information from Your Use of the Services 5. Information We Collect from Other Sources Information from Public and Historical Records Information from Third Parties We also receive information about you from third parties. For example, occasionally we supplement the data we collect with information licensed from third parties to personalize the Services and our offers to you. If you purchase a gift subscription or AncestryDNA test kit as a gift, we will collect Personal Information, such as the recipient’s name, shipping address, email address, and the necessary purchase information to complete the gift and notify the recipient. 6. How Does Ancestry Use Your Personal Information? Personal Information Generally Authenticating your access to the Services and improving Ancestry information security; Processing your payments for subscriptions, the AncestryDNA services, and other products and features; Building new and improving existing Services; Helping you create, and providing insights about, your family trees based on data in Ancestry’s databases; Issuing surveys and questionnaires for use in the Services, as well as facilitating product development and research initiatives; Conducting scientific, statistical, and historical research; Detecting and protecting against error, fraud, or other criminal or malicious activity; and Enforcing our . Communications Respond to your inquiries to Member Services; Alert you to potential genetic relatives identified by DNA matching, or through our family history services (for example, “Ancestry Hints” about potential ancestors in our database, or updates to your AncestryDNA test results (for example, your ethnicity estimate and Genetic Communities; Alert you to records or “hints” in our database pertaining to people in your family tree or to whom you may be related; Inform you of changes to Services or new Services; Ask you to participate in Ancestry media productions, advertisements, consumer insights research, or testimonials; and Provide you with information or request action in response to technical, security, and other operational issues. Market Products and Offers from Us or Our Business Partners We use some Personal Information (for example, demographic information available from third-party sources or from parts of Ancestry (profile, trees, etc.)) to market our products and offers from us or our business partners. This marketing includes advertising based on your interests. Ancestry does not share your Genetic Information with third-party marketers, insurance companies, or employers, and we will not use your Genetic Information for marketing or personalized advertising without your separate, explicit consent. For marketing that you have consented to receive by email or SMS, you can control how we market to you by using the unsubscribe link in any marketing email you receive, by changing your , or by following the instructions in marketing communications you receive. Controls for Ancestry’s related brands are available through their settings and are listed . For advertising on third-party platforms, we rely on our own legitimate interests as the legal basis (please see ), and you should control your marketing preferences directly on those platforms. Delivering ethnicity results, DNA matches (e.g., close or extended family or others to whom you may be related) from our database, and other information to help you and other users learn more about yourself, each other, potential family members, and your genetic relatives and family groups; Connecting you with and helping you learn about your genetic relatives in our database through features such as DNA matching or other product features; Providing you, through our portal, with other insights into what your DNA may reveal about traits and wellness; Providing relevant results to assist you in discovering common ancestors and other details about your family history, as well as helping you build your family tree or connect with friends and family; Studying aggregated Genetic Information to better understand population and ethnicity-related health, wellness, aging, or physical conditions; Conducting scientific, statistical, and historical research; and Improving features and functionality in our existing DNA-related products, enhancing the customer experience across Ancestry Services, improving the quality of our laboratory processes and technology, and building new products and services. 7. What Information Do We Share, When Do We Share It and Who Are the Recipients? Ancestry does not share your individual Personal Information (including your Genetic Information) with third parties except as described in this Privacy Statement or with your additional consent. We do not voluntarily share your information with law enforcement. We also will not share your Genetic Information with insurance companies, employers, or third-party marketers without your express consent. Ancestry’s US-specific disclosures can be found . The circumstances described below explain when sharing occurs: Ancestry Companies We share your information within the Ancestry group of companies including, Ancestry.com Operations Inc and the companies listed (the “”) to provide and improve our Services. We transfer your Personal and Genetic Information between Ancestry’s Ireland-based company and Ancestry’s U.S.-based companies. For more information on this see . Other Users or Others You May Choose to Share With As part of your use of the Services, you have the option to add or share information with all users of the Service or, through sharing features, with particular Ancestry users and even non-Ancestry users. Additional sharing options may be available in some Services, for example AncestryDNA (see below). Information in your public profile(s) will be seen by all other users, as will public family tree details. By default, profiles of living people in your tree are visible only to you and people with whom you share your tree as “editor” or whom you authorize to view your tree’s living people. Other information about living people may be visible if included in a public media gallery, or if you choose to publish the information outside your tree. You may share your activity depending on how you interact with Ancestry records or another user’s content, for example, if you contribute to another user’s family tree, or comment on a record or another user’s content. If the Recent Viewers feature is turned on in your account settings, we may show tree owners you have visited their tree. If you opt-in to view and be seen by your DNA matches, your DNA matches can see certain Personal Information, such as your username, how they might be related to you, whether you have linked a family tree to your DNA and, either all or only shared (at your option) regions and Genetic Communities. You may be offered other options for connecting with relatives or learning about familial connections. You can compare other DNA information, such as ethnicity regions, Genetic Communities, and Traits, with your DNA matches. If you share details of your family history or DNA experience outside the Services, you do so at your own risk. Service Providers We work with other companies when providing and marketing the Services. As a result, these companies will have access to or otherwise process your data, including some of your Personal Information, in their systems. These companies are subject to contractual obligations governing privacy, data security, and confidentiality consistent with applicable laws. These companies and the Personal Information they may have access to include our: Laboratory partners (such as your Biological Samples); AncestryDNA test kit shipping providers (such as name, shipping address, and phone number); Payment processors (such as Payment Information); Cloud services infrastructure providers (Ancestry’s web and mobile services are cloud-based services; all your data resides with our cloud service vendors); Biobank facilities (such as Biological Samples and AncestryDNA test kit code); Vendors that assist us in marketing analytics and consumer research, fraud prevention, and security (such as email address); Communications infrastructure providers (such as name and email address); and Vendors that help us provide some Member Services functions, like phone support or survey tools (such as Account Information or name or email address). Analytics and Advertising Partners Research Partners and De-Identified Data Research partners include commercial or non-profit organizations that conduct or support scientific research, the development of therapeutics, medical devices or related material to treat, diagnose or predict health conditions. In some circumstances, a research partner or Ancestry may have a financial interest in the research arrangement. A list of our research partners can be found . Law Enforcement Ancestry does not voluntarily provide data of any kind to governmental or judicial bodies or to law enforcement agencies. To provide our users with the greatest protection under the law, we require all government agencies seeking access to Ancestry customers’ data to follow a valid legal process. We do not allow law enforcement to use the Services to investigate crimes or to identify human remains. If we are compelled to disclose your Personal Information to law enforcement, we will do our best to provide you with advance notice, unless we are prohibited under the law from doing so. Ancestry produces a where we list the number of valid law enforcement requests for user data across all our sites. Other Legal or Regulatory Process Comply with valid legal processes (e.g., subpoenas, warrants); Enforce or apply our ; Protect the security or integrity of the Services; or Protect the rights, property, or safety of Ancestry, our employees, or users. If Ancestry is Acquired Aggregated Data 8. Your Rights and Choices Regarding Your Personal Information All users (as defined in our ) may use our online tools to 1) request a report of what Personal Information they have provided to us, 2) download a copy of their DNA Data or download a copy of their family trees, and 3) delete their family trees, AncestryDNA test results or account. Additionally, some data privacy laws, such as the EUEEA’s GDPR, the UK GDPR and Brazil’s LGPD, provide people with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. For example: . You may have a right to request access to your Personal Information and to be provided with a copy of certain information including the categories of your Personal Information we collect and disclose. To request a copy, follow these . If you want a copy of your DNA Data, follow these . If you want a copy of your family trees, follow these . Right of Access/To Know . You may have the right to request that we rectify or correct inaccurate Personal Information about you. Right of Rectification/Correction . You have the right, in certain cases, to request that we restrict (stop any active processing) or delete your Personal Information, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law. See for information on how to delete your Personal Information. Right of Erasure/Deletion . You may have the right to object to processing activities in our legitimate interests where such activities impact on your rights and freedoms as an individual. Also, when you consent to processing of your Personal Information for a specified purpose, you may withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. We will stop any further processing of your data for that purpose. Right to Object . You have the right to request a restriction on our processing of your Personal Information, for example, where you believe that the processing is based on inaccurate data or not processed in a lawful manner. Right to Restriction . You may have the right to receive certain of your Personal Information in a format that can be transmitted to another data controller. Right to Data Portability . You have the right to make a complaint to the Irish Data Protection Commission () or any other competent supervisory authority in the country of residence. Right to Complain You can exercise these rights by using the tools described below or by contacting . Details and options for accessing this information are listed in . Ancestry ; ; and . Related Brands Mobile Apps Advertising Family Tree Information Download DNA Data Download 9. What Are Our Retention Practices? Ancestry Services are fundamentally premised on the notion that the personal voyage of self-discovery is not a one-time event and continues over lengthy periods of time—possibly lifetimes. Additionally, and with particular regard to our subscribers and DNA customers who pay fees or purchase subscriptions, the ongoing enhancement of our collections of historical records and DNA features provide benefits and insights to our users over time. As a result, our retention practices reflect this ongoing value by retaining user accounts on our system until our users inform us of their desire to delete their data or close their accounts. Account and Profile Family Tree Ancestry retains your DNA Data to provide you with the features and functionality you purchase (or are gifted), including continuously updated features, increasingly granular ethnicity estimates and improved regions and communities, as well as new other features based on your DNA Data. Your DNA Data is kept until you delete your AncestryDNA test results or your account. If you were a customer of AncestryHealth, our AncestryHealth laboratory partners are required to retain your DNA Data and test result for a period of at least seven years, or as required by state law and the Clinical Laboratory Improvements Act (CLIA) and the guidelines that apply to laboratories certified by the College of American Pathologists (CAP). Usage Information 10. How Can I Delete My Personal Information? You can delete your Personal Information from Ancestry at any time. You can delete your Personal Information from Ancestry by . If you have shared information with other users (for example, by making your family trees public or by sharing your DNA Results directly with other users), Ancestry will not be able to remove any copies of information that other users may have retained, which can only be removed by your contacting the other user and asking them to delete it. Please direct any request to remove information from linked archival records to the responsible archival entity. We will consider requests for removal of Personal Information from the searchable indexes of the records we hold on a case-by-case basis in accordance with law. Genetic If you request that Ancestry delete your DNA Data, we will delete all Genetic Information, including any derivative Genetic Information (ethnicity estimates, genetic relative matches, etc.) from our production, development, analytics, and research systems within 30 days. To request the destruction of your Biological Samples, you must contact . If you have agreed to our , we will not be able to remove your Genetic Information from active or completed research projects, but we will not use it for any new research projects. General 11. Security Ancestry maintains a comprehensive information security program designed to protect our customers’ Personal Information using administrative, physical, and technical safeguards. The specific security measures used are based on the sensitivity of the Personal Information collected. We have measures in place to protect against inappropriate access, loss, misuse, or alteration of Personal Information (including Genetic Information) under our control. The Ancestry security team regularly reviews our security and privacy practices and enhances them as necessary to help ensure the integrity of our systems and your Personal Information. We use secure server software to encrypt Personal Information (including Genetic Information), and we only partner with security companies that meet and commit to our security standards. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse, or alteration of data will not occur, we use appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent this. It is also important for you to guard against unauthorized access to your Personal Information by maintaining strong passwords and protecting against the unauthorized use of your own computer or device. 12. International Data Transfers We are a global business and will transfer your Personal Information to countries other than your own country, including but not limited to the United States, Ireland, the United Kingdom and France. Such countries may not offer the same level of data protection as in your home country. When we transfer your Personal Information (including your Genetic Information) between Ancestry’s Ireland-based company and Ancestry’s U.S.-based companies for processing in the United States, we rely on established transfer mechanisms such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Data Privacy Framework. Ancestry remains responsible for any of your Personal Information that is shared with third parties for external processing on our behalf under the Accountability for Onward Transfer Principle of the Data Privacy Framework. Ancestry and its subsidiaries (namely Ancestry.com Operations Inc, Ancestry.com Operations L.P. Ancestry.com DNA LLC, Ancestry International DNA LLC, FindAGrave Inc and iArchives Inc.) comply with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. Ancestry has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and from the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. Ancestry has certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit . In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Ancestry commits to resolve DPF Principles-related complaints about our collection and use of your Personal Information. EU and UK and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our handling of Personal Information received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF should first contact Ancestry at: . [email protected] In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, Ancestry commits to cooperate and comply respectively with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) and the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. As set forth in Annex I of the DPF Principles, in certain circumstances, an individual has the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over Ancestry’s compliance with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. 13. Changes to This Privacy Statement We may modify this Privacy Statement at any time, but we will provide prominent advance notice of any material changes to this Privacy Statement, such as by posting a notice through the Services, on our websites, or sending you an email, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes and choose whether to continue using the Services. We will also notify you of non-material changes to this Privacy Statement as of their effective date by posting a notice through the Services, on our websites, or sending you an email. If you object to any changes, you may delete your account as described in . 14. Legal Bases Under EU General Data Protection Regulation for Processing Personal Information of EU Residents Under EU/EEA and UK law, we are required to specify the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and the legal bases which we rely on to do this. Ancestry relies on a number of legal bases to collect and process your Personal Information and Genetic Information. You can view the details of our legal bases . 15. Identity and Contact Details of the Data Controller Customers in the United States If you reside in the United States, Ancestry.com Operations, L.P., Ancestry.com Operations Inc., and Ancestry.com DNA, LLC, are responsible for the use of your data and for responding to any requests related to your Personal Information. For Users Located in the United States US State Privacy Requests California Authorized Agent Support Customers Outside the United States If you reside outside the United States, Ancestry Ireland Unlimited Company is your data controller. Users outside of the United States may contact the Irish Data Protection Commission, or your local Data Protection Authority. For Users Located Outside of the United States . For details on how to contact us, you can click , or you can submit questions via chat. For Ancestry Customers . Requests for information from law enforcement should follow . Law Enforcement Requests 16. US Resident Additional Privacy Statement Ancestry provides this US Resident Additional Privacy Statement (“”), applicable to California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia, and other U.S. residents, as a supplement to our Privacy Statement, to provide information as to how you may exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“”), the Colorado Privacy Act (“”), the Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“”), and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“”). This US Statement covers all Ancestry websites, services, and mobile apps that link to this US Statement, including: Ancestry, , , , ™, , , and (throughout, collectively, as applicable “” “” or “”). It applies to the Personal Information (defined above) we collect from your use of our Services and through any other means by which you engage with us. US Statement CCPA CPA CTDPA we our 16.1 Categories of Personal Information Ancestry collects, and has collected in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this US Statement, the following categories of Personal Information: , such as name, username, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, IP address, your mobile device identifier, email address, account name, driver’s license. Identifiers (physical characteristics or descriptions). Personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 not covered by an existing category , such as self-reported assigned sex at birth and birthdate. This also includes Your Content (as defined in our ) you choose to disclose with us that is considered a legally protected class under applicable state or federal law. Characteristics of protected classifications under applicable state or federal law , such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Commercial information , such as your browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our sites and advertisements. Internet usage information , such as location of your device or computer and any metadata associated with digital photographs uploaded to Find a Grave, including the location, date, and time the photo was taken. Geolocation data , such as audio, electronic, and visual information (e.g., audio or video recordings you upload, recordings of calls with Ancestry Member Services or information you voluntarily disclose when doing consumer insights research with us). Sensory data derived from Personal Information, such as to suggest familial relationships and to create consumer profiles for the purposes of research, product development and marketing. Inferences , such as driver’s license, account login information, racial or ethnic origin, and genetic data, depending on how you use the services. We do not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information to infer characteristics about you, other than those inferences that are an inherent part of the Ancestry services, such as your ethnicity estimate, traits, and Genetic Communities. Sensitive Personal Information Some categories of information are collected only if you use certain of our Services. 16.2 Business Purposes Ancestry uses the categories of Personal Information described in for the following business purposes: Providing, personalizing, improving, updating, and expanding Ancestry’s Services; Communicating to you about the Services; Helping to ensure security and integrity of the Services; and Marketing new products and offers from us or our business partners based on your interests. 16.3 Categories of Sources of Personal Information Ancestry collects, and has collected in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this US Statement, categories of Personal Information described in from the following categories of sources: You, our user/visitor—this source of Personal Information depends on your use of the Services, including when you submit Your Content (as defined in our ); The Ancestry Companies (defined in ); Public records; Historical records; and Third parties. 16.4 Disclosure of Personal Information for Business Purposes Ancestry discloses, and has disclosed in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this US Statement, with the following categories of third parties the correlating categories of Personal Information for a business purpose: Other Ancestry Users (if you disclosed your Personal Information on Ancestry) Identifiers; Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code; and Characteristics of protected classes under applicable state or federal law. Categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code; Characteristics of protected classes under applicable state or federal law; Commercial information; Machine-readable DNA data (only between Ancestry and AncestryDNA); Internet usage information; Geolocation data; Sensory data; and Inferences. Identifiers and categories of personal information described in Section 1798.80(e) of the California Civil Code such as email address and unique personal identifiers generated by Ancestry (tube code); Biological Samples; Characteristics of protected classes under applicable state or federal law (self-reported sex assigned at birth, birthdate) are disclosed to our partner laboratories; Research Partners Machine-readable DNA data; or 16.5 Disclosure and Advertising Preferences Ancestry shares, and has shared in the 12 months prior to the effective date of this US Statement, with the following categories of third parties the correlating categories of Personal Information for targeted advertising: Marketing and Advertising Partners We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to disclose information with our service providers and third-party partners for a variety of reasons, including to measure, target, and serve advertisements as further described in this Privacy Statement. Under the laws in certain US jurisdictions, you have the right to opt out of our sharing of your Personal Information for online targeted advertising purposes. You can learn more about our practices and the controls we provide you or opt out of certain types of such sharing by visiting our . To change your preferences around targeted advertising, please visit our Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information/Opt Out of Targeted Advertising page or the “” link in the footer of some of our sites. Ancestry does not sell or share your Personal Information for other purposes. Some browsers or plug-ins use a Global Privacy Control (GPC), which you can learn more about at https://globalprivacycontrol.org. If our site detects a GPC signal from your device, we will interpret it as a request to opt out of selling or sharing your Personal Information and to opt out of targeted advertising. If you opt out of targeted advertising via the GPC or the opt-out preference on the Do Not Sell or Share my Personal Information/Opt Out of Targeted Advertising page, we may still deliver advertising to you that is not tailored based on your Personal Information. These opt-outs are browser and device-specific. If you use multiple devices such as your smartphone, laptop, or tablet when you engage with Ancestry Services, you will need to specify your consent choices from each device. If you clear cookies from the cache in your browser, your “Do Not Sell or Share” preference will be erased, and you’ll need to reset it. Ancestry does not sell or share your Genetic Information with third-party marketers, insurance companies, or employers, and we will not use your Genetic Information for marketing or personalized advertising without getting your explicit consent. 16.6 Exercising Your Rights You may have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, or share. This includes the right to request the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you, the categories of sources of Personal Information, the business purpose for collecting, disclosing, or sharing Personal Information, the categories of third parties with whom we disclose or share categories of Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you. 16.6.1 Right to Know. If you are submitting a request to know on your own behalf, there are two ways to make your request: online or by email. To submit your request to know for Ancestry online, follow these on how to download your account data. This report will not include a copy of your DNA Data or family trees. If you want a copy of your family trees, follow these . If you want a copy of your DNA Data, follow these . Please note that if you download your DNA Data, you do so at your own risk. To submit your request to know for our related brands (, , , ™, , , and ), you can always contact us at the related brand and, for some Services, they may also have an online request form accessible from that service’s account settings menu (contact information and link to online request form, if available, are ). To email your request to know, email us at . We are required to verify your identity before providing you with a copy of your data. We will require you to provide proof of identity and current address (e.g., you may be required to provide a copy of your government-issued ID, which will be used solely to verify your identity and address). If you are an “Authorized Agent” pursuant to the CCPA/CPRA and are submitting a request to know on behalf of one of our users, see . You may have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information. 16.6.2 Right to Delete. You may submit a request to delete your own information either online or by email. To delete your Personal Information, you must delete your account and, once an account deletion request is completed, this process is irreversible. Your information (including family trees, records, photos, and DNA Data) will be permanently deleted. To submit your request for deletion from Ancestry online, follow these on how to delete your account. To submit your request for deletion from our related brands (, , , ™, , , and ), you can always contact us at the related brand and, for some Services, they may also have an online request form accessible from that service’s account settings menu (contact information and link to online request form, if available, are ). To email your request to delete, email us at . We are required to verify your identity before we delete your data. We will require you to provide proof of identity and current address (e.g., you may be required to provide a copy of your government-issued ID, which will be used solely to verify your identity and address). In applicable jurisdictions, US residents can use authorized agents to make requests to know and requests for deletion. To use an authorized agent, email us at . Note that even if you choose to use an authorized agent for a request, your may still need to work directly with us to provide: 16.6.3 Authorized Agents. Signed permission from the consumer allowing the authorized agent to act on the consumer’s behalf. Verification of the consumer’s identity (to be made directly by the consumer to us). We will require proof of identity and address (e.g., a copy of your government-issued ID, which will be used solely to verify your identity and address). The report will be delivered to you via your Ancestry account. The report does not include a copy of the consumer’s DNA Data or family trees. If you want to download their family trees or DNA Data, see . Depending on where you live, if your request to know or delete your data is denied, you may have the right to appeal. You can do so by contacting us at . 16.6.4 Right to Appeal. You have the right to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you. You can do so by visiting Account Settings or contacting us at . 16.6.5 Right to Correct. To opt out of targeted advertising, please see . 16.7 Selling. We process sensitive personal information collected about you only to provide the Services, including to: 16.8 Sensitive Personal Information. Maintain the quality and safety of the Services; Improve the Services; Detect security incidents; Resist and prosecute malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at Ancestry; and Maintain or service accounts, provide customer service, process or fulfill orders and transactions, verify customer information, process payments, provide analytic services, and provide storage. We may also process this sensitive personal information as needed to help ensure people’s physical safety and as required by applicable law. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under applicable US privacy regulations. 16.9 Non-discrimination. California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the “Shine the Light” law, permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge. Under Section 1798.83, Ancestry currently does not share any Personal Information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. 16.10 California’s Shine the Light Law. to see our annual, global Right to Know/Subject Access and Right to Delete requests. 16.11 Annual Reporting. If you have questions about our US-related privacy policies or practices, please contact us at . 16.12 Contact Us. Various federal, state, and local laws may protect your Personal Information. 16.13 Actions for Relief. residents who wish to allege a violation of the California Genetic Information Privacy Act (GIPA) or their district attorney. Residents of cities with more than 750,000 residents may file a complaint with their city attorney, and residents of cities with full-time city prosecutors may file a complaint with their city prosecutor. If you wish to file a complaint with your district attorney, city attorney, or city prosecutor, contact their local office for more information. California residents who believe that their Personal Information was used improperly or . California residents who wish to allege a violation of the Minnesota Genetic Information Privacy Act (GIPA) , pursuant to Minn. Stat. §45.027. Minnesota residents who wish to allege a violation of Va. Code Ann. §59.1-593 through §59.1-602 of 2023 (relative to genetic data privacy) may file a complaint with the . Virginia who believe that their Personal information was used improperly may file a complaint with their attorney general. Residents of other states 17. Australian Resident Additional Privacy Statement If the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (Privacy Act) applies to the handling of your Personal Information, the following clauses will also apply. Genetic Information is considered “Sensitive Information” as set out under the Privacy Act. We will collect, use or disclose sensitive information about you only as permitted by law, for example where we have received your consent to do so or the collection is required or authorized by law. In relation to (Your Rights and Choices Regarding Your Personal Information), you may have the right to make a complaint to the relevant privacy or data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. However, if you have any questions or concerns about our handling of your Personal Information, or if you believe we have not complied with this Privacy Statement or the relevant privacy law in your jurisdiction, we would appreciate it if you contact us in the first instance using the details in . We will investigate the complaint and determine what action, if any, to take. 18. Brazilian Resident Additional Privacy Statement This section addresses the rights and obligations established by Law 13.709/2018 – Brazilian General Data Protection Regulations ("") that apply when: The operation of Personal Information processing occurs in Brazil; You offer products and services in Brazil; or When Personal Information is collected in Brazil. The law grants users certain rights, as described in . In addition to the rights provided in , the LGPD provides other rights: You may ask Ancestry to provide information regarding sharing of Personal Information with third parties; Information of entities with which the controller has shared data. Due to the principles of adequacy and necessity, you may request that Ancestry anonymize, block or delete unnecessary, unreasonable, or unlawfully processed Personal Information; Anonymization, blocking or deleting unnecessary, excessive, or unlawfully processed data. You may request the revocation of the Consent given to Ancestry to process Personal Information at any time; and Revocation of Consent. You may object to improper processing of Personal Information. Opposition to Treatment if Improper. To exercise any of these rights, please see .