 Scroll Right menu Terms and conditions Website terms and conditions Welcome to our website, please read the following website terms and conditions. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions. If you disagree with any of these Terms, you must not use our website. The term “Anchor”, “we” or “our” refers to the owner of the website, Anchor Hanover Group whose registered office is at The Heal's Building, Suites A&B, 3rd Floor, 22-24 Torrington Place, London, WC1E 7HJ. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website. Conditions of use Subject to clause 9, we use our reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on our web pages. Information is for guidance only and is not intended to form any part of a contract and can be subject to change without notice. We shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or cumulative losses or damages arising out of the use or inability to use these pages, any errors, misrepresentations or omissions on the material contained on them. It shall be your responsibility to ensure that any information about property or services obtained from this website meet your specific needs, including those people you may be acting on behalf of. Any information including special promotions and prices are not intended to form any part of a contract or advice and may also be subject to terms and conditions and availability. All such information can be subject to change without notice. The information on these web pages has been prepared with reasonable care and is believed by us to be legal, honest, decent and truthful as of the date of its preparation. We have taken every care to ensure the accuracy of the information on this website but particulars contained therein do not form part of any contract and cannot be guaranteed. Please refer to the legal documentation and in particular the Lease which covers in detail the rights and obligations of the parties as referred to above. All information, images or computer generated images contained in this document may be taken from design intent and may not represent the final outcome. Images may be representative only. Any dimensions that may be given be approximate and are not intended to be used for carpet sizes, appliance sizes or items of furniture. You agree that the material downloaded or otherwise accessed through the use of our web pages is obtained entirely at your own risk and that you will be entirely responsible for any resulting damage to software or computer systems and/or any resulting loss of data even if we have been advised of the possibility of any such damage. We do not accept any liability in connection with any third party websites which may be linked or accessible through our own website and we do not endorse or approve the contents of any such site. We make every effort to ensure that external links to trusted third party websites are accurate, up to date and relevant, however we cannot take responsibility for pages maintained by external providers. Nothing in these Terms will be deemed to exclude our liability to you for death or personal injury arising from our negligence or for fraudulent misrepresentation. In relation to a dispute arising out of this website, you the user and we, Anchor, agree to submit exclusively to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Except where expressly stated to the contrary, the text and graphics in the information contained in this website is the copyright of Anchor. You may download, print our or share using the social media buttons within the site individual selections of these web pages only if explicitly used for your own personal information or selected to share using the social media buttons but not to be publicly reproduced. Permanent copying or storage of whole or part of this website or the information contained in it or reproduction or incorporation of any part of it in any other work or publication whether on paper or electronic media or any other form is expressly prohibited. The entire contents of these web pages remain our property and is copyright with all rights reserved. Use of your Personal Information. All personal data submitted by you through this website will be processed in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR). For further information about how we may process your information, please read our privacy and cookie notice. By using this website you consent to such processing. Website terms and conditions Welcome to our website, please read the following website terms and conditions. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions. If you disagree with any of these Terms, you must not use our website. The term “Anchor”, “we” or “our” refers to the owner of the website, Anchor Hanover Group whose registered office is at The Heal's Building, Suites A&B, 3rd Floor, 22-24 Torrington Place, London, WC1E 7HJ. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website. Conditions of use Subject to clause 9, we use our reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on our web pages. Information is for guidance only and is not intended to form any part of a contract and can be subject to change without notice. We shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or cumulative losses or damages arising out of the use or inability to use these pages, any errors, misrepresentations or omissions on the material contained on them. It shall be your responsibility to ensure that any information about property or services obtained from this website meet your specific needs, including those people you may be acting on behalf of. Any information including special promotions and prices are not intended to form any part of a contract or advice and may also be subject to terms and conditions and availability. All such information can be subject to change without notice. The information on these web pages has been prepared with reasonable care and is believed by us to be legal, honest, decent and truthful as of the date of its preparation. We have taken every care to ensure the accuracy of the information on this website but particulars contained therein do not form part of any contract and cannot be guaranteed. Please refer to the legal documentation and in particular the Lease which covers in detail the rights and obligations of the parties as referred to above. All information, images or computer generated images contained in this document may be taken from design intent and may not represent the final outcome. Images may be representative only. Any dimensions that may be given be approximate and are not intended to be used for carpet sizes, appliance sizes or items of furniture. You agree that the material downloaded or otherwise accessed through the use of our web pages is obtained entirely at your own risk and that you will be entirely responsible for any resulting damage to software or computer systems and/or any resulting loss of data even if we have been advised of the possibility of any such damage. We do not accept any liability in connection with any third party websites which may be linked or accessible through our own website and we do not endorse or approve the contents of any such site. We make every effort to ensure that external links to trusted third party websites are accurate, up to date and relevant, however we cannot take responsibility for pages maintained by external providers. Nothing in these Terms will be deemed to exclude our liability to you for death or personal injury arising from our negligence or for fraudulent misrepresentation. In relation to a dispute arising out of this website, you the user and we, Anchor, agree to submit exclusively to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales. Except where expressly stated to the contrary, the text and graphics in the information contained in this website is the copyright of Anchor. You may download, print our or share using the social media buttons within the site individual selections of these web pages only if explicitly used for your own personal information or selected to share using the social media buttons but not to be publicly reproduced. Permanent copying or storage of whole or part of this website or the information contained in it or reproduction or incorporation of any part of it in any other work or publication whether on paper or electronic media or any other form is expressly prohibited. The entire contents of these web pages remain our property and is copyright with all rights reserved. Use of your Personal Information. All personal data submitted by you through this website will be processed in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR). For further information about how we may process your information, please read our privacy and cookie notice. By using this website you consent to such processing. Welcome to our website, please read the following website terms and conditions. By continuing to use our website, you are agreeing to these Terms and Conditions. If you disagree with any of these Terms, you must not use our website. The term “Anchor”, “we” or “our” refers to the owner of the website, Anchor Hanover Group whose registered office is at The Heal's Building, Suites A&B, 3rd Floor, 22-24 Torrington Place, London, WC1E 7HJ. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website. Call free on: Mon-Fri (8am-6pm) (8am-6pm) Sat (8am-4pm) (8am-4pm) Sign up for our free monthly email newsletter Enter your email address Award winning © 2023 Anchor Hanover Group Facebook X Instagram Youtube Close login panel Looking for a new home with Anchor? Register for a website account to save your favourite properties. Enter your email address Enter your email address or username. Enter your email address or username. Enter your password Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Residents can securely access your rental and leaseholder account details through MyAccount. Close finder panel Property Finder Property type Select a property typeCare homesProperties for saleProperties for rentProperties for rent with Extra CareRetirement villages Find properties in your area Get locationRemove location Select a retirement village Select a retirement villageBishopstoke Park, BishopstokeHampshire Lakes, YateleyDenham Garden Village, UxbridgeOrchard Gardens, Bishopstoke (care home)Willow Gardens, Yateley (care home) View properties with immediate availability More information Property type Select a property typeCare homesProperties for saleProperties for rentProperties for rent with Extra CareRetirement villages Find properties in your area Get locationRemove location Get location Remove location Select a retirement village Select a retirement villageBishopstoke Park, BishopstokeHampshire Lakes, YateleyDenham Garden Village, UxbridgeOrchard Gardens, Bishopstoke (care home)Willow Gardens, Yateley (care home) View properties with immediate availability More information View properties with immediate availability Additional filters Share via social media Twitter Whats App Facebook messenger Email Page URL Copy Share URL Page URL Copy Share URL Enter search term