mobile menu button  Try for free Home / Privacy Policy Privacy Policy This privacy policy came into effect on January 31st, 2023. This privacy policy came into effect on January 31st, 2023. Fastmail Pty Ltd (“we”, “our” or “us”) based at PO Box 234, Collins Street West, VIC 8007, Australia, ABN 31 142 646 580 is responsible for your personal information (Personal Information) and we take our data protection and privacy responsibilities seriously. The privacy of your Personal Information is your right. We want to make our policies on managing your data clear and understandable, so we’ve tried to write our privacy policy in plain English. Important information about Fastmail: You should be aware that your information may be held in databases which can be accessed by other Fastmail companies and their partners or service providers worldwide. We employ people through different Fastmail companies and partners, depending on where they live and those Fastmail companies and partners provide service, at the same level of quality and with the same policies throughout the world. We provide more information on our worldwide service locations and partners in this policy. This privacy policy explains how we collect, use and share personal information in the course of our business activities, including: We may review or update this privacy policy from time to time to keep it up to date with legal requirements and the way we operate our business. We will place any updates on this webpage, so please regularly check for updates. If we make fundamental changes to this privacy policy, we may take additional steps to notify you including by posting on our website(s), through pop-up notices or via email. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. If there is a link to any third party on any of our websites, their privacy policy applies. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party. In this section you can find out more about: You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy when you sign up for a Fastmail account, for example if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. You can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. We collect information about you if you register to use our services, create an account with us, visit our platform or one of our websites, or use one of our services. We also collect information about you where you are an individual representative of one of our business partners or providers with whom we engage in offering and providing our services. The information we collect, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls in your account. We process mail sent and received from your account to block spam and fraud. We receive information from third party services to assist us in identifying spam. If you report a message to us, either through the service or via customer support, as spam or not spam, we may share that message with the third party service that flagged it to improve the accuracy of future filtering. See further below on your rights when we disclose your information to our third party service providers. We also collect the email content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. We use this information to deliver our services, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you add addresses to messages by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Each time you connect to our service, we log your IP address, your client identifier (browser or mail client information) and your username. If you send mail, we also log the email address you’re using to send mail and the email address you’re sending to. If you take action on mail in your mailbox, we also log the activities taken. This is necessary for providing proof of delivery and fraud analysis. For example, we need this information for detecting deliverability issues if there are failures sending email that we either detect through monitoring or when you ask if email you are sending/receiving is working properly. We also need your IP address and username to help you validate if someone else has gained access to your account to send spam or for other fraudulent purposes. In a multi-user account, if you are permitted to access and use a user account on any of our services by the registered user directly, we may collect the following information about you: IP address and name. The registered account holder is responsible for your access and use if they provide you with access to and use of an account and the Personal Information residing in that account. If you are an employee or a contact at one of our business partners (including customers and suppliers), or sign up to one of our newsletters, we may collect your business contact details (including name, work address, work email, work telephone numbers, job title) for the purposes of issuing communications to you under the terms of this privacy policy and in accordance with your marketing and communications’ stated preferences. We collect this information regardless of whether you use the Fastmail, Topicbox, Listbox or Pobox services that we provide. If you are an individual user who is assigned an account on our website/platform by your company, your account is likely to be managed by an administrator. Alternative and/or additional terms may apply as determined by your company’s privacy and other related policies, and your administrator may be able to access or disable your account. We use this information to: We routinely analyse information to help improve the way we run our business, to provide a better service and to enhance the accuracy of our products and services. We use usage information for data analytics, particularly to understand how our services are used, but this information is not personal information as it is. We anonymise data fields before allowing information to be available for analysis. You have and can manage your choices regarding the information we collect and how it’s used. You have an opportunity to review and adjust privacy settings in your account. Some of our products offer specific privacy settings. For example, you can manage your contact information, such as your name, email address, and phone number. You can also delete certain information, or your entire Fastmail account should you wish to do so. You can download and export a copy of all of your data and content in your Fastmail account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Fastmail. In this section you can find out more about how we share personal information: We may share your personal information in the manner and for the purposes described below: Your use of Fastmail products and services is subject to your organisation’s policies, if any. You should direct your privacy inquiries, including any requests to exercise your data protection rights, to your organisation’s account administrator. We may use your name and email address to send direct marketing communications to you and let you know more about our services or related services that we believe will be of interest to you. We may contact you by email, or through other communication channels that we think you may find helpful. In all cases, we will respect your preferences for how you would like us to manage marketing activity with you. To protect your privacy rights and to ensure you have control over how we manage marketing with you: We use Matomo, a web analysis service of InnoCraft Inc. (“Matomo”). Matomo uses cookies to monitor traffic to, and use of our marketing websites only. There is no Matomo tracking once you are logged in. Information about the use of our website generated by these cookies is generally transferred to a Matomo server in the USA and stored there. Matomo uses this information on our behalf to evaluate usage of our website, and to compile reports on activities. All personal information, including IP addresses, are anonymised by them. Matomo respects Do Not Track browser flags; you may opt out of tracking by setting your browser to Do Not Track. We may use profiling or other forms of automated processing to assess if your account may be fraudulent, a spam account or suspect in any way. We may also use profiling to lock fraudulent or suspect accounts, including any “stolen accounts”. Our monitoring systems detect high levels of outgoing spam, or unusual login patterns which a staff member then reviews to determine appropriate action. We do not profile you to customise services for you, provide personalised content or show you personalised advertisements based on your individual interests, preferences, or related activities. Your personal information may be disclosed, transferred to or processed outside of your country of residence. This includes to Australia, the United States of America, India, and the Netherlands, where it will be subject to the laws of the country to which it is transferred. These jurisdictions may not have an equivalent level of data protection laws as those in your country. For EU/UK individuals — if you are an individual based in or a resident of the European Union or the United Kingdom, your personal information may be processed outside of the European Union, in countries such as the United States of America, Australia, India, that are subject to different standards of data protection. We will take appropriate steps to ensure that transfers of personal information are in accordance with applicable law and carefully managed to protect your privacy rights and interests and transfers are limited to countries which are recognised as providing an adequate level of legal protection or where we can be satisfied that alternative arrangement are in place to protect your privacy rights. To this end: We store most of your personal information electronically. We implement and maintain appropriate technical and organisational security measures, policies and procedures designed to reduce the risk of accidental destruction or loss, misuse or interference or the unauthorised disclosure, access or modification to such information appropriate to the nature of the information concerned. We work hard to protect you and Fastmail from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold. Measures we take include: As the security of information depends in part on the security of the computer and/or device you use to communicate with us and the security you use to protect your user IDs and passwords, please take appropriate measures to protect this information. We will store your personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as explained in this privacy policy. Where your information is no longer needed, we will ensure that it is disposed of in a secure manner. In some circumstances we may store your personal information for longer periods of time, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, accounting requirements. Where we log information related to your IP address, we retain this information for approximately 90 days. This is for the purposes of fraud watch, as often users don’t check in with us in a timely fashion over whether their account is compromised. Being able to look at some amount of recent history and know what activity was taken by a legitimate user vs a malicious one is useful. We proscribe your primary email address, if it’s at one of our domains, for up to 6 six months after your account is closed, to reduce the risk of impersonation, should someone try to use the same email address as you in order to impersonate you. Where you request that we delete your account from our system, we will immediately lock the account and archive the information, then delete it from our severs within approximately 7 days from the date of your request. This archive window allows you to recover your information in the event of an accident or malicious deletion request. However, in specific limited circumstances we may store your personal information for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your personal information or dealings. When a Fastmail product collects age, and there is an age in your jurisdiction under which parental consent or authorisation is required to use the product, the product will either block users under that age or will ask them to provide consent or authorisation from a parent or guardian before they can use it. We will not knowingly ask children under that age to provide more data than is necessary to provide the product. A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to/stored on your computer (or other internet enabled devices, such as a smartphone or tablet) when you visit a website. You have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. There is no charge for requesting access to your personal information but we may require you to meet our reasonable costs in providing you with access (such as photocopying costs or costs for time spent on collating large amounts of material). We will respond to your requests to access or correct personal information in a reasonable time and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we hold about you remains accurate, up-to-date and complete. You can access and control your Personal Information that Fastmail has obtained with tools Fastmail provides to you, described below, or by contacting Fastmail. For example: You can also object to or restrict Fastmail’s use of your personal information. For example, you can object at any time to our use of your personal information: You may have these rights under applicable laws, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), but we offer them regardless of your location. If your organisation, such as your employer or service provider, provides you access to and is administering your use of Fastmail products, contact your organisation to learn more about how to access and control your Personal Information. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, in particular before disclosing personal information to you. We may not always be able to fully address your request, for example if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way. The primary point of contact for all issues arising from this Policy is our Data Protection Officer. They can be contacted in the following ways: [email protected] Fastmail Pty Ltd PO Box 234 Collins St West VIC 8007 Australia If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding our compliance with this privacy notice, the information we hold about you or if you wish to exercise your rights, we encourage you to first contact our Data Protection Officer. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes and make every reasonable effort to honour your wish to exercise your rights as quickly as possible and in any event, within the timescales provided by applicable data protection laws. You have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority (i.e. your place of habitual residence, place or work or place of alleged infringement). We would however ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us before raising with your local supervisory authority. Learn more about our privacy features subscribe input label subscribe submit button You have successufully subscribed! subscribe input label subscribe submit button You have successufully subscribed! subscribe input label subscribe submit button subscribe input label subscribe submit button You have successufully subscribed! Why Fastmail More Productive How it Works Compare to Gmail Compare to HEY Compare to Proton Compare to Outlook Try it Help Center Contact support Blog Podcast Press About Fastmail Privacy-first Developing Open Standards Partnerships News Careers Download the App Setting Up Fastmail Pricing Log in facebook link twitter link linkedin link Mastodon link © 2023 Fastmail Pty. Ltd. | All rights reserved Privacy Terms Fastmail Policies Website by