Last Updated: 01/06/2023 The Website will be used by the following categories of users: a) Category 1: a visitor of the Website who does not create an account on the Website and cannot upload any videos; b) Category 2: a user of the Website who creates an account, but does not upload any videos or other material; c) Category 3: a user of the Website who creates an account and uploads videos or other material; and d) Category 4: a user of the Website who creates an account and participates in revenue sharing. For the individuals who fall within the remaining three categories of users listed above (i.e., Category 2; Category 3; and Category 4), personal data is processed in line with this Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as the “Privacy Policy”). This Privacy Policy for Categories 2, 3 and 4 above describes how we collect, use, process, and disclose your information, including personal information, in conjunction with your access to and use of the Website. We process personal data only in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the relevant legislation, in particular GDPR. By accessing the Website, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy and understand that your personal data may be processed, including as explained below any data that may reflect or concern your sex life, sexual preferences, and sexual orientation. You also acknowledge that without your consent with personal data processing, we may be unable to comply with our contractual obligations, may be unable to offer you the entire range of products and services available on the Website, and may prevent you from creating an account on this Website. By accessing this Website and creating an account, you consent to WebGroup processing your personal data, including data that may reflect or concern your sex life, sexual preferences, and sexual orientation. You grant your consent on the basis that WebGroup undertakes to rely on this basis only where so is necessary and proportionate in order to be able to carry out its contractual obligations and protect its legitimate business aims. Personal data refers to any information that tells us something about you or that allows us to identify you, including your name, location data, and online identifiers. Subject to the Terms of Service and as explained in the Privacy Notice we do not process personal data of the visitors of the Website who have not created an account (i.e., those that fall within the Category 1 of users, as set out above in this Privacy Policy). Instead, we use cookies for the purposes identified in our Cookie Policy, where you may find additional information regarding cookies, including on how to manage your preferences on and to disable cookies. For the individuals who have created an account on or through this Website (i.e., those individuals who fall within the Category 2, Category 3, or Category 4 of users as set out above in this Privacy Policy), we process the following information mentioned in the chart below: Please be informed in detail about the processing of the following categories of information: We collect your personal information that we receive from you when you use the Website, including personal information you provide to us including when you: watch a video or other content of the Website, enquire or make an application for our services, register to use and/or use any of our services and when you communicate with us through email, the Website or portal, or any other electronic means. Such information may include: For more information please see the chart above. We do not accept that we are a joint controller of personal data of any third parties (other than you) available or contained in any of the forms submitted, or otherwise provided to us, by you (hereinafter referred to as “Third Party Personal Data”), and disclaim any and all liability in connection with the Third Party Personal Data. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them, such as when you watch a video on the Website or interact with our content. This information includes: We may collect information, including personal information that others provide about you when they use the Website, or obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through the Website. We do not control or supervise and are not responsible for how the third parties providing your information process your personal data, and any information request regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to such third parties. Furthermore, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may receive additional information about you, such as fraud detection information and combine it with information we have about you. Please note that this Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control or supervise these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our Website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every site you visit. It is also important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. We use, store, and process information, including personal information, about you to provide, understand, improve, and develop the Website, to protect us and our users and to comply with our legal obligations. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like giving you more relevant search results. For the avoidance of doubt, we do not accept that we are a joint controller of personal data of any third parties (other than you) available or contained in any user Submission uploaded by you pursuant to the Terms of Service, and disclaim any and all liability in connection with the Third Party Personal Data. Lawful bases: we rely on the following three lawful bases to process your personal data for the specific purpose of providing, improving and developing the Website as described above. Lawful bases: we rely on the following three lawful basis to process your personal data: 2.2.1 Personal data processed when filing a takedown request or a counter-notification pursuant to paragraph 6C of the Terms of Service. Although our Company is based outside the United States, we respect the rights of copyright owners and thus have implemented certain policies in an effort to voluntarily comply with laws, such as the DMCA, which are described further below. What is the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”)? What lawful basis do we rely upon to process your personal data when you file a copyright infringement takedown request / counter-notification pursuant to the DMCA? For the specific purpose of our review of your copyright infringement takedown request / counter-notification which you may have filed pursuant to paragraph 6C of the Terms of Service, you are required to provide the information needed to make a valid request, i.e.: (a) takedown website URL and (b) statement regarding the ownership of this content. We will process your personal data in order to further our legitimate interests as an adult entertainment business that respects intellectual property, abide by the law and acts appropriately when reports of copyright infringements are made. For those legitimate purposes, we process your personal data we deem necessary in order to be able to review the takedown request / counter-notification that you may have submitted pursuant to paragraph 6C of the Terms of Service and to allow us to contact you about its content. We consider the processing of your personal data to be proportionate with your interests, rights and freedoms. What lawful basis do we rely upon to transfer your personal data to the addressee of the copyright infringement takedown request / counter-notification pursuant to the DMCA? In line with the mechanism provided for under the DMCA, explained above, we will also share with the takedown request addressee or the counter-notification addressee the following personal data to comply with and follow the prescribed steps under the DMCA: your name, your contact information, as well as the contents of your takedown request or your counter-notification. We rely on your consent to transmit your personal data to the addressees of your takedown request or counter-notifications. By submitting a copyright infringement takedown request you consent to your data being transmitted to the uploader of the material in question in line with and for the reasons explained above and detailed in our Terms of Service. Without your consent, we are unable to process your takedown request or counter-notifications as prescribed under the DMCA. 2.3 Your direct contact with us through our Website or by post, phone, email or otherwise Lawful bases: when you contact us directly through our Website or by post, phone, email or otherwise, including for the purposes of exercising your rights under the GDPR or to file any complaints, we will rely on the following two bases to process your personal data: Our Website uses cookies and similar technologies (HTML5 Web Storage). To learn more about cookies, please visit our Cookie Policy, which explains how you can manage your preferences. Note that all data is kept in a secure environment. We protect personal data by using appropriate safeguard procedures and measures, in particular: You may exercise any of the rights described in this section by adjusting settings via your Website user account and, if it is not possible, you can contact us at our above mentioned address. Please note that we will ask you to verify your identity before taking further action on your request, and if we cannot identify you we cannot act according to your request. You may access and update some of your information through your account settings. You are responsible for keeping your personal information up-to-date in a secure place. You have the right to ask us to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal information concerning you (and which you cannot update yourself within your account) by contacting us at the address listed in the Contact Us section below. We generally retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the performance of the contract between you and us, to protect our legitimate interest or legitimate interest of a third party and to comply with our legal obligations on data retention as provided by the applicable laws. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means. Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by us, you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your account settings. The withdrawal of your consent does not affect the lawfulness of any processing activities based on such consent before its withdrawal. Additionally, you have the right to limit the ways in which we use your personal information, in particular where (i) you contest the accuracy of your personal information; (ii) the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of your personal information; (iii) we no longer need your personal information for the purposes of the processing, but you require the information for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; or (iv) you have objected to the processing pursuant to Section 5.6 and pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the Website provider override your own. You have a right to require us not to process your personal information for certain specific purposes (including profiling) where such processing is based on legitimate interest. If you object to such processing we will no longer process your personal information for these purposes unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing or such processing is required for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. Where your sensitive personal data are processed you may, at any time ask us to cease processing your data by changing your user’s profile settings. We share certain data with the following groups of recipients to the extent we deem it necessary to be able to perform our operations or are compelled to do by law: We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with this provision. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Website and update the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy. For the individuals who have created an account on or through this Website (i.e., those individuals who fall within the Category 2, Category 3, or Category 4 of users listed on page 1 of this Privacy Policy), we will also send you an email to inform you of any changes. If you disagree with the revised Privacy Policy, you may cancel your account. If you do not cancel your account before the date the revised Privacy Policy becomes effective, your continued access to or use of the Website will be subject to the revised Privacy Policy. We have appointed a data protection officer (“DPO”) . If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our data protection practices, please contact the DPO. CONTACT DETAILS WebGroup Czech Republic, a.s, Att. of Data Protection Officer Postal address: Krakovska 1366/25 Prague 1 Czech Republic 