The terms for this service are translated into different languages. Content you post may be edited by the service for any reason. There is a date of the last update of the agreements.  The service is only available in some countries approved by its government. Other applicable rules, terms, conditions or guidelines. Minors must have the authorization of their legal guardians to use the service. This service is only available to users over a certain age. The service has non-exclusive use of your content. User-generated content can be blocked or censored for any reason.  Terms may be changed any time at their discretion, without notice to you . This service does not condone any ideas contained in its user-generated contents. Your content can be distributed through any media known now or in the future. The service does not guarantee accuracy or reliability of the information provided. you should revisit the terms periodically, although This service will only notify changes to its subscribers. They may stop providing the service at any time. You shall not interfere with another person's enjoyment of the service. You are prohibited from attempting to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems. You are prohibited from sending chain letters, junk mail, spam or any unsolicited messages. You agree not to use the service for illegal purposes. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and for the activities on your account. You cannot distribute or disclose your account to third parties. This service assumes no responsibility and liability for the contents of links to other websites. This service is only available for use individually and non-commercially.. Some content is posted with a Creative Commons-Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike license. Prices and fees may be changed at any time, without notice to you. You are responsible for any risks, damages, or losses that may incur by downloading materials. The service provider makes no warranty regarding uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free service. You authorise the service to charge a credit card supplied on re-occurring basis. Any liability on behalf of the service is only limited to the fees you paid as a user. The service does not guarantee that software errors will be corrected. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold the service harmless in case of a claim related to your use of the service. Spidering, crawling, or accessing the site through any automated means is not allowed. The service is provided 'as is' and to be used at your sole risk. Your use is throttled. This service provides a summary for every part of their terms, but they are not substitutes for the real terms. Your account can be deleted without prior notice and without a reason. This service assumes no liability for any losses or damages resulting from any matter relating to the service