Toggle navigation Legal All information and files — both in source and compiled form — are provided on an as is basis. No guarantees or warranties are given or implied. The user assumes all risks of any damages that may occur, including but not limited to loss of data, damages to hardware, or loss of business profits. Please use at your own risk. Note that unless explicitly allowed by the warranty covering your device, it should be assumed that any warranty accompanying your device will be voided if you tamper with either the system software or the hardware. [email protected] Your privacy is important to LineageOS. Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices. LineageOS provides an after-market operating system and applications for various mobile devices. Certain information (e.g. a device unique anonymized ID, device model, etc.) is transmitted to us solely for the purpose of measuring non-personally identifiable installation metrics. Unless otherwise stated below, this information is not used for any other purpose. You may opt-out of LineageOS device statistics via the Privacy menu in Settings on the device. As is true of most websites, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type (and version) and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We may collect information regarding user activities on our website and from our other products and services. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our users to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest, and for general system diagnostics. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 except where a parent has set up an account for their child and provided LineageOS with verified parental consent. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of a child under 13 without first receiving verifiable parental consent we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible. We do not share your information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of LineageOS unless one of the following circumstances applies: When using our code review platform (Gerrit), you agree that: We will share the information we have with entities outside of LineageOS if we have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is necessary to: We will update this privacy policy as needed so that it is current, accurate, and as clear as possible. © 2016 - 2023 The LineageOS Project